17

Current Stats: [Strength 10.2(C)] [Dexterity 9.9(C-)] [Dexterity 11.9(C)] [Horsepower 14.2(B-)] [Constitution 15.2(B-)]

Race: Arcdemon

Talents: Psychic-Self-Suggestion, Psychic-Spiritual, Psychic Sensitivity, Manipulate Magic

Attributes

[Holy Spirit] - Increased resistance to Mental Magic

[Warrior's Bloodline] - Significantly increased growth cap, increased growth rate

[Feeling] - Crisis detection

Capacity

[Demon Domination B] (Archdemon Unique Ability) (Not available in its current state.)

[Self-Implied A]

[Lesson F]

[Enchantment D]

Comprehensive Ability Assessment - Intermediate Demon

Combat Level Assessment - A



It's been a while since I've looked at the status and it's been pretty high.

Under the influence of the Warrior's Bloodline, I noticed that my status gains were much faster.

The combat level is now Rank A.

It seems like just yesterday I was an F, but I've come a long way.

In addition to being able to enhance her magic, she has reached Rank A in Self-Suggestion, and has also awakened the power of the spirits, albeit at the lowest level.

The funny thing is that self-suggestion didn't evolve into psychic, it just became one more superpower.

An A-ranked combat level would mean that I'm now no match for any of the other big guys.

Before I knew it, Demon Domination had gone from rank C to rank B.

F-Rank's Words.

I only reported it to Mr. Effinghauser, and I don't know if he got the full story or not, but I decided to keep it a secret.

A physical scan will reveal your abilities, but Dr. Effinghauser will keep it a secret.

Once again, when I told him that I had awakened a superpower that seemed very powerful, even for a pretend spirit, he just said, "Yeah.

I don't yet know the extent to which this can be used. I haven't had time to experiment with it at my leisure.

I was forced to study for finals because my kids were in the middle of it.

The kids don't know what happened, and I've kept it a secret.

A new power, Necromancy.

And new information on how to use Tiamata.

That it reacts to my anger.

I'm glad I saved Charlotte, but in the end, I needed to do it for myself.

"Reinhardt."

"Oh, Charlotte."

Charlotte returned on Monday morning.

Judging by his expression, he was fine when he was alone.

It was as if a shadow had been lifted from Charlotte's face, as if there had always been a shadow somewhere.

I wondered if I should tell Elise about this, if she might know something, but I decided not to.

If she realizes it's the demon's trail, she might try to do something about it.

If it's Sarkhegar, you'll want to revive it, if it's Eleris, you'll want to kill it.

Of course, there's a chance that she won't be swayed by my persuasion, but there's no way she can do anything that even the imperial wizards couldn't do.

I'm the only one who can control Charlotte's power. The fewer people who know, the better.

And now it's hard to leave the temple.

The pressure from Harriet and Ellen was to stay quiet and study.

I don't think Charlotte's safety is in jeopardy for now, so I'm going to keep an eye on things.

With Charlotte's situation averted, I had to think about the next problem.

Revolutionary Forces.

You have to think about what you're going to do with them.

It is thought that the imperial court was so focused on the question of whether Charlotte would live or die that neither the emperor, nor even his rival Bertus, were able to identify the revolutionary forces.

Failure to act could lead to civil war or civil unrest in the Empire, and a gate breach would be the final nail in the coffin for a faltering empire.

For better or worse, the revolutionaries must be eliminated.

But how the heck do you do this?

Sarkegar, the man in charge of infiltration and intelligence, thinks I'm trying to use them to sow chaos in the Empire and rebuild the Demon Realm.

So you can't tell Sarkegar to kill all of their leaders.

If I give the information to Charlotte or Bertus, I have no way of explaining how I figured it out.

The only way I can think of is to say that I learned about it from the Thieves' Guild.

However, the actual source of the information is not the Thieves' Guild. It's easy enough to see that the source is false by checking the Thieves' Guild.

Charlotte trusts me more than she trusts Bertus, so even if I can't explain it, I'll just tell her it's there.

Time passed, but I wasn't making an easy decision.

I didn't want to affect future succession planning.

Technically, I didn't want to raise Charlotte's hand and make Bertus an enemy, but I also didn't want to raise Bertus' hand and cause Charlotte's downfall.

There was no easy way to determine that.



* * *



Even with so many challenges, my time at the Temple and as a student is flying by.

Finals are just around the corner.

Charlotte's return wasn't the only change on Monday.

Charlotte's abilities are presumed to be beyond crisis at this point.

This is just an "estimate".

So it seems that the imperial family, or more precisely, the emperor, decided to not only reinstate Charlotte to the Temple, but also to put in place safety measures.

On Monday morning, for a brief moment before class, Royal Class assembled only first years in the dorms.

Mr. Effinghauser and Mr. Mustang introduce you to someone.

"This is Sir Saviolin Tana, who, as of today, will be serving as the Royal Class First Year Prefect."

"Good morning. I'm Saviolin Tana, responsible for your daily safety and discipline in the dormitory."

Saviolin Tana was unexpectedly placed in a royal class dormitory.





Episode 275.





Charlotte's abilities are currently safe, but we don't know when they will become dangerous.

Also, Saviolin Tana was not in the best shape, but she struggled to cope.

So, just in case, the imperial family dispatched her to deal with Charlotte's outbursts.

That's probably not the only reason why she's staying in the dorms instead of the Spring Palace, but there's another hidden reason.

That's me.

Charlotte stays in the dorm so that I can be available in case of an emergency, but also so that I'm not exposed.

Of course, being a dormitory warden isn't a bad job, but going from being a First Knight of the Empire to suddenly being a temple warden is a weird thing.

1The Emperor's conclusion for the safety of the Empress and to deal with her outbursts.

The knowing side.

Bertus and Charlotte seemed to know this was coming, and I found myself thinking that this was the right move, if a little out of character.

1As important as the role of Knight Commander is, the safety of the Empress is so important that you'll have to put it aside for a while.

-Director Shanafel on......?

-Why?

Everyone who knew about Saviolin Tana was baffled. No one seemed to understand the situation.

If you didn't know any better, you'd think this was some kind of sick April Fool's joke.

Except for Ellen Artorius, who's over there with a stern, "I should have eaten more breakfast" look on her face.

Standing between Mr. Effinghauser and Mr. Mustang, Xavier Tana had removed his Templar livery and was now wearing a two-piece suit.

"Sir is a good enough title. I can also see to your personal training if necessary."

Their eyes lit up at the prospect of being trained by the world's strongest man.

Ludwig, who looked like he didn't know what else to do but to be excited.



* * *



Originally, there was not a prefect for each grade. There are no grade level wardens, and they are on call and patrol.

But Saviolin Tana has a pretty unique position: she's the headmistress of the first grade.

Her interest is obviously in Class B, where Charlotte is, so she doesn't care about Class A as much.

Aside from the new headmaster.

Finals week has begun.

After Monday's integration exam, there was a lot of chatter during the free time.

"Aren't you looking forward to the festival?"

Of course, a guy like Kono Lint seemed to have nothing but festive intentions.

"I heard it was a festival, but what does it do?"

Erich replied.

"It's a beauty pageant!"

......Yes, that's right.

They think that alone adds a lot of value to the festival.

Their formal names are Miss Temple and Mr. Temple.

And there's a cross-dressing contest.

Normally, the final exam is also the final exam, but I'm supposed to be busy practicing for interscholastic competitions, but with the closure of the Orbis class, that's gone.

I know the student government is scrambling to get something done.

With Royal Class, you don't have to do much to prepare, just enjoy the festivities.

"Reinhardt."

"Uh, why."

Kono Lindt even talked to me about how excited he was.

"Aren't you going to the tournament?"

"Tournament?"

"Uh, but....... Aren't you good enough to get in? They're taking applications today?"

Competitive play is gone, but Temple-wide tournaments will be implemented.

There are grade-level tournaments, and there are unlimited grade-level tournaments.

Originally, I wasn't going to participate because I didn't think I had much of a chance of winning first place.



[Won the (Festival) Unlimited Tournament - 15,000 points].

[Won the (festival) 1st grade tournament - 10,000 points].



But the rewards of the challenge are enormous.

The Orbis class has been decommissioned, so it's highly unlikely that they'll be in the field, and even if they are, I've awakened a spirit to enhance their power.

Enchant Self-Suggestion.

It's safe to say that practically no one can beat me at this point, except maybe Ellen. Of course, we have to assume that enchantments will work in a tournament situation.

If my ability is particularly useful in real life, can I use it in tournaments, which are practice matches, not real life?

In Spring Palace, I tried to do it and it worked.

Ellen said she didn't go last time because she thought she was too sure of winning.

A final exam is still a final exam.

I'd like to see the tournament go out eventually.

Aside from the achievement points, winning a tournament can also earn you a trophy and a cash prize from the Emperor.

"Hmm, let's try that."

The three Ganodab brothers look at me.

They've been looking at me in awe for some time now.

Of course, before we could do that, we had to get some answers.

"Hey, Ma."

"?"

I walked over to Ellen in the front row.

"I'm going to the first grade tournament."

"Yes."

"You're not coming out."

"Yes."

Ellen nods coolly.

Is this enough to win?

The way the three Ganodab brothers looked at me changed.

That asshole. He's cheating.

He was like, "No, but if I die and wake up, I can't win. No, but if Ellen comes on, I can die and wake up and still not win?

I don't need second and third place! I have nothing to gain unless I win! The prizes are worth pennies! This variable has to be stopped somehow!

In a nutshell, it knocked a strong contender out of the running.

This is a bit cheating, but.......

Ellen glares at me, and then says, "I'm going to throw it.

"If you don't win, I'm going to yell at you."

"No! Last time, you told me to only go to the quarterfinals!"

"Things have changed."

Apparently, Ellen's standards for me are much higher than they used to be.

The disenchantment was unnecessarily successful, so I took it.......

My declaration of war.

Our strongest rival, the Orbis class, would have been scattered and reassigned to a generic class.

We don't know if they'll come out or not.

But it doesn't change the fact that I'm a strong favorite to win without Ellen.

Before I knew it, it looked like this.

-By the way, isn't there a Miss Temple outgoing in our class?

Cub.

If you're going to yell, yell a little louder so everyone can hear you.

Herriot and Riana cast their 'disdainful' glances at Kono Lint.

You should realize that you're a flesh-eating bastard in a different sense than I am.

"Oh, no! I, I just thought....... I thought you all deserved to get out......."

I said just don't say it. You?

-Bam!

"Reinhardt!"

And.

Suddenly, the door to the first grade classroom burst open and Olivia Ranze appeared.

No, you should be studying during exams, not here." Olivia scurried over to me, not caring that everyone was stunned by her sudden appearance.

Then, he pretended to hold out a piece of paper. I looked at what was written on it and froze.



[Miss Temple Pageant Application].



Apparently, that's what it said.

"My sister, Miss Temple, is going out!"

"......Well, what is it?"

"Of course you're going to take me, right?"

Miss Temple contestant application.

What the hell, man, are you trying to sell me on this?

"Ah, ah, why does it stick whether I leave or not!"

He even grabbed my face and tried to rub it, and I pulled it away in frustration.

No.

The kids' eyes are getting weird again.

Now I'm going to be a dick in the classroom.

That's what it feels like.

When I force her to pull away, Olivia glances around the cheapened classroom.

"Hmmm. I guess I don't have any competition here."

"......."

"......."

"......."

Liana, Ellen, and Harriet's expressions turned bizarre.

I was like, "Why is that thing suddenly arguing?

No, why did you have to come in here and turn off the aggro? Olivia snorted at her classmates, whose faces were rotting from her out-of-line remarks.

Then, suddenly, he stomped off somewhere.

First position.

I was next to Ellen.

"You, you're not coming out?"

At the sudden provocation, Ellen glared at Olivia.

"Why would I leave something like that?"

At Ellen's words, Olivia covers her mouth and looks down at Ellen.

"You think ...... will work?"

"What?"

"You think I'm going to lose if I don't watch?"

No! Why do you always do that to a kid who's standing still!

Leave me alone!

I wanted to smack Olivia Ranze in the back of the head as she smiled. I was about to go over and say something.

An accident happened.

-Bam!

"Yuck!"





Ellen stood up and grabbed Olivia by the scruff of the neck.

The look of horror on the kids' faces washed over me, and so was mine.

Hey, the lid is open.

Ellen grabs Olivia by the scruff of the neck and glares at her with a stern expression.

"I don't know what the hell you're doing to me in the first place, but get lost, I don't want to deal with you."

"This....... You just beat up....... now you're going to beat up......?"

I was about to step in when I realized that Ellen was in trouble.

An anomaly occurred.

-Koooooow!

"!"

"The world....... is wide....... to keep in mind......?"

Olivia grinned broadly and grabbed Ellen's wrist for her slap.

Like it was no effort at all.

Olivia forced Ellen's hands to part as she molded her blow with her vice.

She's the strongest girl in first grade. She is recognized as a freak of nature among us.

Even the older students watched in horror as Ellen was pushed away. Releasing Ellen's hand, Olivia straightened her clothes and smirked.

-Cock!

Olivia nudged Ellen's bewildered forehead with her index finger.

"I know you're confident, but there's always someone better than you, remember?"

"......."

Ellen stared at Olivia, wide-eyed.

"Why, do you want to fight in a no-holds-barred tournament, because I'm pretty sure I can win both, Miss Temple or the tournament?"

Olivia looked at me, leaving Ellen alone with Earl.

-frown

Olivia winked at me and left the classroom.

Ellen stared blankly at the classroom door where Olivia had left. Everyone was looking back and forth between the frozen Ellen and me.

-There was a time when I envied that bastard.......

-She's never going to get disfellowshipped.......

Erich and Kaier muttered in low voices.

Konorint tapped me on the shoulder.

"There....... Come on."

I never thought I'd see the day in my life when I'd be pitied by this asshole.

No matter how strong I am, I'm still no match for Ellen.

And Olivia Ranze, who may be different than that Ellen, but she's definitely stronger.

Everyone seemed to be imagining that I was going to be popped open like a shrimp amongst a bunch of nasty humans.

Anyway.......

Nuna.

Let's see.

I searched.



* * *



After a while.

"I told you to stop grinding your teeth!"

"Me, I'm sorry! Da, I won't do it again!"

I ended up walking up to the fifth grade classroom, had a temper tantrum, and told Olivia off.

"Are you really going to spill it? Are you going to spill it? Do you want me to see it? Do you want me to see it?"

"Reinhardt! I was so mean! Yes! I apologize! Can I apologize to her?"

"It's apples and oranges, just leave the kid alone, you're not going to pay for the night, huh?"

"Yeah, I'll let it go!"

The situation was the same, just in a different grade.

All of the other fifth graders stared blankly as the sneaky junior grabbed the senior like a mouse.

In the end, I had Olivia sobbing and begging for more.

I didn't expect to actually cry, so I panicked a bit.





Episode 276.





After finishing all of Monday's exams.

Instead of going back to their dorms, the girls in Class A gathered at a cafe near the classroom building.

You'd think they'd go back to their dorms and study, but they're all horned up.

"I think she's a real bitch."

To my surprise, it wasn't anyone else who said it, but Adelia.

Riana and Harriet, as well as Ellen, stared at Adelia with their mouths open in disbelief, because they hadn't expected the always slightly frightened girl to say something like that.

"Ah, him. That....... was harsh......?"

Adelia blushed and scratched her cheeks, wondering if she'd used too strong a word.

Riana sipped her lemonade through a straw and shook her head.

"You're not wrong, you're right, Adelia. No, if you're going for Miss Temple, you're out. Why the fuck would you come to a first-grade classroom and ask me to do something, and what? There's no competition? It's ridiculous, really."

Riana's expression became more strident. Herriot crossed his arms and made a face.

"I really don't like ......."

Herriot grunted, shoveling a mocha sandwich into his mouth.

He's been giving Ellen a hard time lately, and today was no different.

This was a situation where the usually calm Ellen could honestly say she didn't like someone.

The sight of him overpowering Ellen in strength was enough to make everyone panic.

To her classmates, Ellen had suddenly become something of a grade-level phenomenon.

There are only two guys in the first year of Royal Class who get that kind of treatment.

Ellen and Reinhardt.

Ellen is Ellen.

Reinhardt is Reinhardt.

They both have something unique about them, and they're both treated as such implicitly. Of course, Reinhardt never meant it in a good way.

Even if he's a fifth grader. Ellen is Ellen, and that asshole fifth grader has her beat in terms of strength.

We were all shocked by this.

Riana shook her head.

"By the way, is she really into Reinhardt?"

An open question.

The words made Harriet and Ellen glare at Riana.

"You like....... shouldn't it be......? Otherwise, what's the point?"

Adelia somehow managed to catch Harriet's eye and voice her opinion.

"No, at this point, I'm wondering if he's just harassing me for fun. I mean, honestly, what's in it for him?"

Yes, it is.

It can be cute, depending on how you look at it, but today it was more of an argument than anything else.

It won't look good for Reinhardt, and it won't look good for you.

"Harassment?"

It was Ellen who responded.

"I thought she actually liked Reinhardt, but now that I look at it, I can see that she really hates him. If she really likes Reinhardt, shouldn't she have stopped after she said no once or twice?"

If you think about it, yes.

Why does someone you like keep doing things you don't like? It's true that Reinhardt has been telling Olivia Lanchester to stop doing that every time he sees her do it.

Ellen was nervous, too, but after listening to Riana, I think she's right.

Olivia Ranze continues to do what Reinhardt hates.

And Ellen knows things that others don't.

Olivia purified the cursed Tiamata. As such, she is a lifesaver for Reinhardt.

So we know that Reinhardt can't be mean to Olivia any more than that.

He continues to harass Reinhardt about it.

Either you like it or you don't.

It's true that Olivia is bullying Reinhardt.

"......."

No matter how you slice it.

I don't think we should leave Olivia Lance alone.

You've already been pushed once, but you're about to be pushed hard.

Ellen didn't hesitate.



* * *



Ellen didn't head to her fifth grade dorm with such serious thoughts.

What I wanted to say was simple, and it wasn't hard.

I didn't feel like fighting. Not because he was weak, but because he was embarrassed that his actions in the classroom had been reckless, regardless of the consequences.

I'm not looking for a fight.

There's only one thing to say.

Please stop harassing Reinhardt.

I'm stumped, why do you keep doing this?

That's what she was going to say. After returning to her dorm, Ellen headed to the fifth year dormitory alone.

That was fine until he called Olivia Ranze, and the senior came out to see him, smiling a bit sheepishly, as always.

Even when I asked him to tell me something with a look on his face like he was trying to figure out how to do it, the mood wasn't too bad.

Ellen's need was simple.

Don't bother Reinhardt.

It's rude to keep acting like that after I've told you no several times.

Refrain.

Ellen said. Hearing that, Olivia Ranze shook her head.

"Haha....... I heard what you said to Reinhardt......."

Olivia Ranze was smiling broadly.

Reinhardt had already said something, and it sounded like he was leaving the classroom a little early.

"Did Reinhardt ask you to say that?"

"......No."

"Really? Then why are you the one defending Reinhardt's position?"

Olivia's smiling face turned cold.

He looked like he'd just heard the final word in a bad enough situation.

"What are you Reinhardt?"

"Is that ......?"

Olivia rushes over to Ellen.

Ellen doesn't back down, but she stares at Olivia with a determined expression.

"As if you were Reinhardt's. As if Reinhardt belongs to you. I'm asking you to stop harassing my Reinhardt."

"......."

"It's disgusting to hear that from a third party."

Olivia glares at Ellen with a cold stare.

Third parties.

The words struck a nerve with Ellen.

Plus, Olivia said more of that.

"Take care of my Reinhardt!

"You can't be too friendly with Reinhardt, you know why?

"I hear you're a good fighter, but don't bully our Reinhardt too much.

Reinhardt has been talking about it like it's his own. Ellen glared at Olivia, too.

"So did you."

"Yeah, I definitely did."

Olivia smiles.

"I did it because I wanted Reinhardt to be my own. Is that what you want?"

"......."

Ellen was speechless.

Do I want Reinhardt to be my own?

I hadn't given it much thought. If I came to a conclusion I didn't like, it would set off a chain of irreversible events. Olivia still stares coldly at Ellen, who has no answer.

"Why can't you say anything? Why can't you tell me how you feel?"

"......."

"Reinhardt's asking you what?"

"...... is a friend......."

"That's it?"

"......."

Ellen had no answer.

The moment I answered anything. It felt like it was all going to end.

She was terrified that this weird senior in front of her would go off and say weird things and destroy all her relationships.

In the end, Ellen had no answer.

"If we're nothing more than friends, at least you don't have the right to tell me what to do."

"......."

"You're just a friend, you have no intention of being more than friends with Reinhard, and you're telling me to stay away from Reinhard."

Olivia sounded like she was questioning me.

Like you're trying to force open a heart that no one has ever opened, that no one wanted to open.

"That's, like, weird, right?"

It was similar to what Herriot had said to himself one day.

"I don't want to lose anything, but I hate to have it taken away. Do you want to hold on to everything in a clumsy way?"

Olivia laughs, placing a gentle hand on Ellen's shoulder.

It wasn't his usual inoffensive, good-natured laugh, but a clear sarcasm.

"You're so selfish."

Not choosing is also a choice.

Deferring all answers to the future and doing nothing is still a choice, and it will bring about some future.

This will break everything.

Am I selfish.

Ellen felt like a sledgehammer had hit her in the head with Olivia's words.

This guy, why does he hate me so much?

What the hell does he want to do by shaking me.

The so-called Saint of Eredian is just someone Ellen doesn't like.

Why does this person hate me.

I couldn't figure it out until now, but now I do.

You know you're being selfish, you know it's wrong, you know it's wrong, but there's something stronger than that.

I don't want to take anything away from this guy.

It's like grabbing a Reinhardt and never giving it back.

Suddenly, Ellen understood why Olivia didn't like her.

It's the same reason you don't like this person.

Fear of being taken away.

So, no.

Scared to realize her own feelings, Ellen realizes the emotions behind Olivia's cold eyes.

Something in those eyes.......

Fear.

"Are you afraid of me?"

"......what?"

Just as you're afraid that the person in front of you is going to take your Reinhardt, they're afraid of you.

That's why you're poking, prodding, and scratching.

Olivia's expression twisted at Ellen's abruptness.

"Why would I want you?"

The look on his face as he loses his composure at the sudden provocation already speaks volumes.

Ellen realizes she's hit the nail on the head. Now that she realizes that the other person doesn't hate her, she's afraid of her.

Realize you've been overreacting.

"You're graduating next year."

Time is already not on Olivia's side. Olivia pursed her lips in embarrassment at Ellen's words.

"I'm going to ...... for grad school."

"I'll have to get out of the dorm, though."

"......."

You won't have to see that ugly face until next year.

He and Reinhardt, on the other hand, will remain in the dormitory.

They don't like that.

I didn't have to get angry. I didn't have to react seriously to their waving.

Reinhard is bound to stay with me longer, not you.

No need to fight. Why fight when you've already won?

It's the other person who wants to make you ugly, you don't have to go along with it.

They'll hate you, and they'll envy you.

I'm not sure what you're trying to get yourself to admit, but you don't have to.

"Because a year is a long time, right?"

Olivia grits her teeth as if searching for words, and finally speaks in a shaky voice.

"Yes. Do your best."

Ellen looks at Olivia, one corner of her mouth raised.

I feel like I'm doing something very bad.

But it was exhilarating.

It's that feeling you get when you've been getting beaten at every turn, and now you've finally gotten your ass kicked. No, not a punch in the gut, but the realization that you were fighting a grossly unfavorable battle in the first place.

Olivia finally lost her cool and her eyes were reddening.

You bite your lip and glare at yourself.

He seemed frustrated.

You realize that there's a gap that you can't close, no matter how much you scratch at it.

What if Olivia Lanze had been a classmate?

I don't know anything else, but I don't think I've ever looked at Olivia with such a superior sneer before.

Assumptions are meaningless.

In the end, Reinhard is always closer to himself, even when he's spending time with Olivia.

That doesn't change.

"You, you....... You think you're in the same class as Reinhardt?"

"Yes, by the way."

A place you can never get into.

Your most enviable position.

There's no point in being angry with this person if you already have it.

It's just envy, it's just jealousy.

Olivia bit her lip and glared at Ellen at Ellen's brazen admission.

"I wish you'd been born later."

Ellen left the comment with a smirk, then glanced over at Olivia Ranze.

"You, you....... You! You're real! You're real....... Real....... You bad......."

Olivia's mouth dropped open, and she stared at Ellen's receding figure.

When Ellen was gone, Olivia's eyes turned bright red, and she bit her lip and muttered.

"C'mon....... I didn't even find the main hall because I didn't want to touch it......."

Olivia was so frustrated that she ended up in tears.



* * *



She wondered what the point of this was, but she was feeling a kind of exhilaration she'd never felt before in her life. She couldn't have felt this way if she'd punched him in the face.

I wish you'd been born later.

The look on Olivia's face when she heard that was something to behold. Not only did she feel like she'd gotten her comeuppance, but she also felt like it wouldn't matter what he said to her from now on.

Once I realized why I'd been telling myself that for no reason, it didn't matter.

He was so envious of himself that he could never have what he had, and he was so angry and frustrated that he was arguing for nothing.

Back in her dorm, Ellen's steps are lighter and she's walking down the hallway when she bumps into someone.

"Ellen. Anything good?"

"Oh, yeah....... No, just."

Ellen's good mood sank again when she saw Herriot.

Selfish.

Olivia had, apparently, said something like that.

I don't want to let go of Herriot, and I don't want to let go of Reinhardt. So I clumsily try to hold on to both.

So you are selfish.

Olivia Ranze's words come to life.

I wanted to ignore it, but I wasn't stupid enough not to understand what it was saying.

Herriot loves Reinhardt.

I don't want to think about it, but I know it could happen. Reinhard is always thinking about Harriet.

If Reinhardt grows to like Herriot.

What should I do.

I don't want Olivia to be taken away from me.

Similarly.

What Herriot takes away.

I was so scared.

"What's wrong, Ellen?"

Herriot asks gently. You shake your head, as if you're sick.

"......Nothing. Nothing. I'm just tired."

"I'm going to study with Reinhardt, are you going to take a break?"

Apparently, Harriet had a bunch of textbooks in her arms.

I think I'm going to study for a test. Or, more accurately, he's trying to watch Reinhardt.

"What about the others?"

"If you don't come because you're studying your major, it'll probably be just me and Reinhardt."

Then, it's just the two of you.

"I'll be there."

"Yeah, grab your books. Sure."

"Yes."

Herriot walks toward the gun room, and Ellen looks behind him.

He didn't think Olivia's words could affect him.

When I think of Reinhardt alone with his friend, I feel an unpleasant feeling stirring in my chest.

'I am.......'

Ellen bites her lip and watches Harriet walk away.

'What should I do.......'

Already, Ellen found herself preparing to hate her friend.

Ellen's steps were heavy as she walked back to her room to get her textbooks.





Episode 277.





Olivia Ranze was on the dance floor.

"You're not going to learn more about the sword?

'Yes. Father.'

"Why?

"I don't want to learn more skills that could hurt someone, even if I'm not going to use them that way.

'.......'

I knew it was pointless.

I already knew I'd learned enough; I'd been told in third grade that I had nothing left to learn.

Still, Olivia Ranze was afraid to get any more violent. She was afraid that it was getting easier and easier to hurt someone. Olivia stayed away from violence and the possibility of violence.

But now, Olivia held the sword.

Controlling the power flowing through my body, something I hadn't done in a very long time, was too easy.

Olivia is about to enter a tournament.

Unlimited class tournaments.

And Miss Temple.

No Miss Temple, no unlimited tournaments.

Olivia wasn't interested in any of that.

It doesn't matter if that annoying first grader named Ellen shows up or not.

'Ms. Olivia. You don't have to push yourself like this anymore.'

'......No, that's okay. There's still time.'

"I understand the situation, but no matter how tight our facilities budget is, Ms. Olivia is still a student.

I don't know what else.

Money.

I need money.

There are countless war orphans from the Demon War.

Just as a country can't alleviate poverty, an empire can't provide for so many war orphans.

There's a hole in the ground somewhere, scattered with children who don't have enough to wear or eat. Olivia had been sponsoring them since she left her service in the Demon War.

But without her background as the daughter of a crusader knight, Olivia was running out of money to support them.

Olivia can't abandon them. She may have abandoned her faith, but she hasn't abandoned them.

"If Reinhardt knew, he'd say something.

I didn't tell Reinhardt, because I knew I'd be told to stop doing stupid things.

The prize money for the tournament and Miss Temple is huge. The prize money would be enough to keep his organization afloat for a while.

I know that a policy to support war orphans will be announced soon. For a little while, they just need to provide something to eat and wear with their own hands.

That's it.

That's why Olivia Ranze took up the sword.

'For a year or so....... Okay.'

I hung up my sword in third grade.

However, there have been times when I've had to take up the sword for unavoidable reasons.

I went to Darklands to serve, but I couldn't just serve.

There was a time when I was both disillusioned and grateful that I had power.

I've been holding on to it ever since.

I'm confident we'll win, but I don't think it will be easy.

I'm going to have to do some work to regain my senses. Just as I was about to calm my mind and draw on my strength.

"I wish you were born later.

-fast

"Ugh, really!"

-Kang!

Olivia threw her sword away in a sudden burst of heat.

What's the big deal?

Olivia sulked for a while alone in the rehearsal hall, her face bright red.

At that moment, the door to the performance hall opened and someone walked in.

-delay

"Olivia, there you are."

Obviously looking for Olivia, the other person smiled brightly and approached her.

"Oh, yeah. Radia."

Olivia's shenanigans are limited to first grade, but she's still sweet and kind to fifth and sixth graders.

It was not fifth grade, but sixth grade, B-2, Radia Schmidt. She walked up to Olivia with a big smile on her face.

"I haven't seen you with a sword in a long time. Are you going to play in the unlimited tournament again?"

"Ah....... Yeah. I will."

"I see....... Well, that's too bad. I thought I might have a shot at winning this time."

"Is Radia in on this?"

"Oh, I didn't realize, this is your last chance, Windsor's moving out."

"Oh....... I see."

If you're in sixth grade, you've already graduated.

From there, it's understandable to want to compete in an unlimited tournament and see what you've been working on for six years.

Radia Schmidt looks at Olivia with the water lily sword, still glowing.

But Olivia felt her breath catch in her throat, like there was something stuck there.

"But you know what, Olivia?"

"......what?"

"Holy power. Not to be used."

"......Yes, that's right. I know."

It would be absurd for someone who professes to have renounced their faith to use divine powers. Whether it's possible or not.

Unauthorized use of divine power is common.

If all goes well, you will be trained in the temple and become a full priest.

If you refuse, you will be referred to the Inquisition.

So Olivia shouldn't use her powers in public.

You must enter the tournament with your divine power sealed. Radia Schmidt shook her head at the notion that Olivia already knew that.

"You mean you can beat me without using divine power?"

"Oh, no....... I don't mean that......."

Radia Schmidt wasn't being sarcastic, she was genuinely curious, but it was an awkward question for Olivia. At Olivia's confusion, Radia Schmidt shook her head.

"Of course, Olivia, I'm sure you can do that."

It was a cheerful tone without a shred of inferiority complex. But the words that followed were enough to send shivers down Olivia's spine.

"Olivia, don't deny the divine within you."

"......."

"Come back to God. Where you belong."

Olivia couldn't quite meet Radia Schmidt's eyes.

My hands broke out in a cold sweat, and a chill ran down my spine.

This obsession was something Olivia lived with every day.

The members of the Circle of Grace also ask if they should consider restoring their faith, claiming that what happened to them was an aberration on the part of the Crusaders' leader.

Radia Schmidt is not a member of Grace. She is an aspiring paladin who serves the war god Als.

Moshi was a friend who always emphasized that although the gods are different, they should be united in the will of the five great masters.

Olivia was getting tired of this.

"I told you, Radia, I....... I gave up everything......."

"It's okay, Olivia, you may have had a lapse in judgment, a momentary lapse, you may have gotten lost."

Radia Schmidt's abysmal black eyes stare at Olivia.

"So, let me set you on the right path."

"......."

"We're, like, friends."

Olivia's lips quivered as she watched Radia Schmidt smile broadly.

What is the right path to take, and how does it guide you?

Fear.

At some point, Olivia became increasingly afraid of her friends of faith.

So.

I don't know why I keep going back to Reinhardt.

Olivia thought so.



* * *



Monday's exams were over, so I was once again being pestered by Harriet and Ellen to study for them.

Honestly, I should be training for tournaments right now, not studying for exams unless I'm going to get first place.

Anyway, last place wasn't really because I was stupid, it was because I needed the achievement points. I can beat Ludwig without studying!

Even if you only need to solve half of the problem, that's still possible!

"This will come up, memorize it."

"I already memorized it."

"Memorize more, then."

"......Okay."

But they wouldn't know that, so they stuck to me and pointed out the expected test questions.

That feels good.

You know, the kind of....... that makes you feel like you're losing time.

It's a weird situation.

You've already filled out and submitted your application for the Year 1 tournament.

Qualifiers will be held this weekend, and if you make it to the main event, the tournament will begin on the first day of the festival.

I was in the middle of studying when Herriot let out a mewling sound and stretched.

And then he glared at me.

"You, Miss Temple, are you really going to take her?"

"......? All of a sudden?"

Herriot looks at me with a pointed look.

"Why is that?"

"Just say, I'm going to take it or I'm not. Just say it."

"I'm not going to go see it, unless it's filmed."

"Uh....... Oh, yeah?"

Herriot gives me a look of amusement.

In the first place, I'm a throaty man and time is gold.

There's no time for leisurely contemplation of such things, the Black Order could be approaching at any moment, the Vampire Council is going to have to do something soon, and there's Charlotte.

Who has time to play?

Herriot giggles inexplicably, then turns back to his book.

"If I go to see it, you're going to shoot it?"

But Herriot hasn't moved, and now Ellen is asking for it.

At that, Harriet's gaze snapped from her book back to me.

"You're not going?"

"I'll take it when I see it."

"What are you talking about, I'm not going to take it, I'm not going to take it!"

Why is he doing this all of a sudden?

When I told her I wasn't going to go, she said, "Yeah?" and nodded.

It's not like I go to see Miss Temple. Rather, if I'm in desperate need of achievement points and I'm dressed as a woman, I go.

I'm not interested in that!

And since I can't pass myself off as a Temple student, I can't pass myself off as a woman!



[Event Occurred - Miss & Mr. Temple Contest].

[Vote in the Miss & Mr. Temple contest; if everyone you voted for wins, you will be rewarded].

[Reward: One of each of the winner's talents].



...... also sucks.

There's a dirty trickster trying to drag me through hell again, desperate to get me in trouble somehow.

What to do.

Say you're never going.

A powerful event has happened that you can't miss. If you go to the contest without telling me, you can enter at.......

You're not going to like this.

And the most likely to win Miss Temple is Olivia Ranze, so I'll definitely be voting for that, because it's one of her talents, and it's a giveaway.

It's weird not to do this.

Couldn't you have gotten me up earlier? If you hadn't told me you weren't coming!

Uh.

Now that I think about it, that's kind of weird.

If I go to the Mr. Temple contest and I win, what's my reward?

I don't have a president-elect, I already have my talent.



[If she is crowned Miss Temple, she will be given a "talent option"].



A real one.

Mr. Temple's got nothing, even if he does get elected.

Being Miss Temple is a talent option.......

......No. No.

That's just not possible in the first place.

Even then, it's hard to beat the already established Olivia Ranze.

That's no different than the bullshit about 4,000 points for winning a cross-dressing contest.

I can't stomach it, so that's what I have to do to get to Miss Temple.

"Miss Temple is leaving.

"Mr. Temple?

"Miss Temple.

"......You're a guy, right?

"Is there a law that says a man can't go to Miss Temple?

'????'

Why would I do such a crazy thing?

Anyway.

I'm not a contestant, but I should go to the Miss Temple contest.

You can't afford to miss an event like this.

Even if I say I'm not going and sneak over, I'm sure I'll be found out at some point, and what happens then will be entirely at Ellen's mercy.

If I didn't take Olivia, I'd be like, "Why did you go there if you're not going to take him?

"That....... I'll give it a try. I can do it......."

Suddenly, Ellen and Harriet's eyes changed as they watched me flip.

"Oh, no! It's a festival! And it's part of the festival! And, uh, well, you gotta enjoy the festival, uh, uh...... ah, don't you?"

"......."

"......."

Even as I spoke, the atmosphere was so murderous it made my skin tingle.

No, but thanks for this event....... I really appreciate it.......

Why do I feel like shit.......

To lighten the mood, I felt compelled to say something, so I decided to cast my bullshit.

"No! I could be going to see Mr. Temple, not Miss Temple!"

"I bet you're going to see it, you idiot!"

-Pak!

He slapped me on the head for talking nonsense.

"Ooh, why did you hit me!"

No, we're picking Mr. Temple and Miss Temple together in the first place, so we'll get to see both Miss Temple and Mr. Temple!

Even as I endured their cold stares, I was lost in thought.

Miss Temple and Mr. Temple.......

Uh.

Does that give me two free talents?

If I get both Miss Temple and Mr. Temple right, do I have two talents?

Not in the first place.

This.......

I think I have to guess both Miss Temple and Mr. Temple?

On the miss side is Olivia Ranze.

Who is Mr.?

Olivia Ranze isn't in the original because she wouldn't have been in the Temple at the time.

Scarlett, from Class B, was originally crowned Miss Temple. Scarlett, who was scorned for her red eyes and red hair, was crowned Miss Temple. That was a pretty significant episode, as was Ludwig's tournament.

In the original, Mr. Temple for this festival was Bertus.

He's a prince, he's handsome, and now he's going to be Bertus again?

If Bertus runs and is elected, he will receive the Swordsmanship talent, as I already have two of Bertus' talents, Swordsmanship, Enchantment, and Enchantment Manipulation, except for Swordsmanship.

There's no telling what one of Olivia Lanchester's talents will be. It could be divine powers, which wouldn't be a bad thing. He seems to be just as much of a monster as Ellen, so I'm sure he'd give a lot.......

Good.

It's as good as it gets.

Even if you don't, you'll still be better with a sword than you are now, given Bertus's swordplay talent.

"Me, wait."

Ellen and Harriet seemed even more frustrated as I stomped out of the room.

"No, I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to see Bertus!"

"......."

"......."

But the way he looked at me when I told him I wasn't going, and then turned around and said I was, I didn't trust him.

a.

I'm giving the real event a little early.......

No, you gave it to me late on purpose, to give it to me as soon as I said I wasn't coming.





Episode 278.





Bertus was in the dorms, so it wasn't hard to find him.

"......Master Temple?"

"Uh."

"Why is that all of a sudden?"

"No, I just thought you were good enough to get out."

Bertus looked puzzled.

"What, are you trying to tell me not to leave because you're going to leave?"

So that seemed to be the conclusion Bertus came to.

I actually said to Ellen in class today, I'm going to the tournament, so why don't you go?

"Not really, I'm just curious."

Regardless of the likelihood, Mr. Temple doesn't give me anything but Challenge achievement points if I win. It's much more beneficial for me to guess the other candidates.

"I don't know why you want to know that, but I don't think I'm leaving."

Bertus looks at me like I'm crazy for asking this, but he answers anyway.

Why didn't Mr. Temple leave in the original? It's understandable if he's preoccupied with the Charlotte issue. Charlotte's resurrection is probably the biggest headache for Bertus right now.

Bertus doesn't leave.

If so, there's no telling who will be Mr. Temple.

If you get both right, you'll have two talents, and you'll be in trouble.

But we can't leave Bertus behind if we don't want him to leave.

If I go out and become Mr. Temple, I'll only end up with one talent from the Miss Temple side.......

In the first place, I'm not sure I'm good enough to be elected Mr. Temple.

In a way, this event has given me a shitty situation, so I want to make the most of it.

It's a shame you only get one talent when you can get two.......

Bertus' talent, swordsmanship, is one of Olivia's talents.

This is a maximization situation, but Mr. Temple is opaque. Miss Temple is certain, but if you don't hit Mr. Temple, you won't be able to eat him raw.

How to do it.......

I don't want Mr. Temple to be me.

What!

If it doesn't exist, create it!

Make another tough guy besides me Mr. Temple.

You're getting his talent for free. There are so many rare talents here that you can't even buy for achievement points!

You can do this by making Mr. Temple a more overwhelming talent than Bertus' swordsmanship.

Hang.

If I catch anyone, I'll make them Mr. Temple.

If it's ambiguous, write it off!

With a list of candidates running through my head, I headed to the dorm lobby.

Ludwig's health.

That's a talent for fraud. Let's make Ludwig Mr. Temple.

As I walked along, thinking about this and that, I saw the Ganodab trio huddled together in the lobby of the dorm.

Not only the Ganodab trio, but also Heinrich von Schwarz.

He's always been on the outs, and now he's joined the Ganodab trio.

Honestly, that guy doesn't look like Gano.

They were studying, too, huddled together, looking through books.

You.

I walked over to them.

"Uh, uh....... Reinhardt."

I could see the tension in their faces as I suddenly walked up and plopped down in the only available chair around them.

"That....... to go to the bathroom?"

Heinrich had lost his animosity toward me, but he still couldn't help but peck me a little.

"Look at me."

They tense up at the sound of my command.

"Hmmm......."

First, Heinrich von Schwarz.

The ability is Pyrokinesis.

We've already seen that you can have multiple powers, but I don't need Pyrokinesis because of the Flame of Fury.

I wonder if spontaneous combustion will become possible as the level of speech increases, even without the flame of fire.

This is a pass.

Conor Lindt.

Talents are superpowers.

But it's seriously flawed. He makes me feel bad for giving him that ability. When the flaw goes away, it's literally a crazy scam, and it comes too late.

Pass this one too.

Erich de Lapaeri.

Talents are Divine Power, Constitution, and Swordsmanship.

All three are skills I don't have, but I'm not a jack-of-all-trades.

Last.

Kaier Biorden.

Only one talent, giant horsepower.

"......."

This is it.

Kai'er's Giant Horsepower talent literally gives her a huge amount of horsepower.

This Khaier has an enormous amount of mana and the ability to grow mana. He's just not good at manipulating it, so he can't use it until he has to.

The horsepower numbers themselves don't work for either Ellen or this guy. Ellen's current horsepower is rank A+, and this guy's is rank S. He's one step ahead of Ellen.

Horsepower at S rank.

This is why they can be in the royal class even though they have a major flaw: they are useless.

There is no such thing as inadequacy.

So, if you get a talent like Giant Power, you'll be able to use it fully, and you'll get a ton of buffs to your powers.

Furthermore, I understand that once you reach Rank A, Manipulate Magic and Sensitize Magic evolve into a new talent called Dominate Magic.

When you gain Giant Power, you gain the Mastery of Power talent.

This is it.

This guy is perfect.......

"ha......."

"Why, what's wrong......?"

I sighed abruptly, and Kaier was fed up.

When he's Mr. Temple, there's nothing like it.

I patted Kaier on the shoulder as I rose from my seat.

"That's it. It's not your fault."

He's dead and risen, but Mr. Temple is a bad contemplative.

Although not really contemplative.

That.......

If it doesn't work, it doesn't work.

As a retirement....... No is no.

I had no choice but to give up neatly in front of the wall of reality.

If you meant last place, I don't know.

I can't do this for first place.



* * *



The one with the most coveted talent couldn't be made into Mr. Temple because of practical issues.

I have the option to manage it and do something about it.

There.......

There are times when you shouldn't.

Sorry to break it to you, but that's just the way Kaier is.

Who the hell am I going to make Mr. Temple, and should I design a protagonist for once? He's been so unimportant up until now.

When I returned to the study room, Ellen and Harriet were staring at me with fat faces.

"I'm here to see Bertus."

"Who said anything?"

"......."

They both seemed firmly pissed off that I was about to enter a contest.

No, you can't be this mad at me for going to the store.

Of course....... I think a little. She crossed a lot of lines, but.......

Of course, we weren't the only ones in the room.

There's a guy in the corner, quietly studying by himself.

I don't know if he is or not, but the other day he was talking and studying for a while, and when Harriet apologized, he freaked out and said it was okay and not to worry about it and broke out in a cold sweat.

A guy who suffers from extreme human cringe.

My swordplay buddy.

Kliffman.

There is only one talent, 'Combat'.

A fraudulent all-around talent that instinctively finds the best way to win any kind of fight.

Massive hp is the talent I need most right now, but this guy's talent is ridiculous in terms of versatility.

If anything, combat is more likely the talent I'll need later on. I'll get to magic control eventually.

"......."

Only Cliff, who had been studying with his head down, looked in my direction, as if he'd gotten a chill from my gaze.

"Do you have anything to say to......?"

I stalked over to Klippmann and put my hand on his shoulder.

"Cliffman."

"Uh, uh, why?"

"You, Mr. Temple, get out."

Yep, that's a possibility.

This one has potential!

"Uh-huh?"

"????"

"......?"

At my outburst, not only Cliff, but also Harriet and Ellen were suddenly flustered.

"You know, it's about time you got your human lump fixed! Choo, choo, choo. Yes! Shock therapy, Mr. Temple, we're gonna fix it, we're gonna fix it, am I right?"

"Moo, moo, what are you talking about?"

Cliffman had no idea what he was hearing.

"Do it anyway, I'm the one who can do it. What about you?"

"That, that's too sudden, I don't know what you mean......."

"If it's gonna suck, let's suck, right?"

"Why are you suddenly bullying a kid who's just sitting there, you crazy person!"

-Bam!

"Eek!"

In the end, I got slapped in the face by Herriot.



* * *



I can't believe I went from studying to going to Mr. Temple.

I thought it was a little too outlandish. Naturally, Cliff is baffled, and Harriet and Ellen don't understand why I'm suddenly acting up.

No.

If you guys knew what I'm going through right now, you'd be like, "Oh, yeah, I can do that." It's just that it's hard to explain.

Cliffman's Talent Battle is a top-tier Talent, comparable to Ellen's Mastery of Magic and Herriot's Magic. It costs 50,000 Achievement Points to purchase.

The reward for winning a tournament in Year 1 is 10,000 achievement points, which is worth five times as much.

If I can make him Mr. Temple without going to tournaments, I might as well go all in on that.

Herriot shakes his head.

"What is it with you and your sudden desire to get him out of Mr. Temple?"

"Literally, it's going to be a festival. I'm just trying to cure him of his disease, human melancholy."

I say, and this time Ellen shakes her head.

"Does that fix it?"

"You'll gain confidence. No matter what."

"Hmmm......."

Sandwiched between us, Cliffman stiffened and broke out in a cold sweat, as if he were being lynched. Harriet clicked her tongue as she watched him die in real time before our eyes.

"This kid is going to have a heart attack when Mr. Temple leaves if we even look at him. Do you think she can handle that?"

"......."

I don't know about Mr. Temple, but I think you've hit the nail on the head.

There are times when Harriet verbally abuses her kids without realizing it, and this was one of them.

Herriot's personality has changed from the original, but sometimes you have to say something that feels like the original, and this is one of those times.

"Well, yeah....... Someone like me....... How am I supposed to go to Mr. Temple....... There must be a lot of people who are way better than me......."

It was Cliff's best defense.

"No, you're undervaluing yourself too much."

I don't know about Kai, but you have potential, and I'm not saying that for nothing. I know it's an excuse to say that the human doldrums might be cured, but it's not like you can't get frustrated with Cliff when you're the only one watching.

And I can't make things that shouldn't be, but I can make things that are!

Write it off!

It's a mental drain just talking to him, let alone talking to anyone.

In fact, he can't even play most of his skills in practice matches. Of course, that doesn't stop him from beating me overwhelmingly, as he does in practice matches with Ellen.

At first I panicked and didn't do anything, but then I got hit with a punch and was knocked out, and the rest is history.

"I think it's all part of getting better. You tend to be too nervous, and you shouldn't be. I mean, look at me. I'm overconfident about a topic I know nothing about, and I'm ramming it down your throat."

"I love how you put it so bluntly....... Yeah."

"......I don't think it's something to brag about."

Cliff was the only one to hear it, but Harriet and Ellen were furious.

You guys go away! We don't need you! You're making her more nervous than she already is! She's crying and looking like she's gonna throw up!

......But isn't this just bullying?

Shouldn't we stop?

Although.......

It's an opportunity I can't pass up.

I only see a frozen Cliff.

He's the tallest of the first-year students, and technically, he's a handsome guy with a rather cold demeanor. From a distance, he gives off an unapproachable vibe, but when you get right up to him, he's a little nervous.

That's good enough for me, honestly.

"What do you think?"

I looked at Ellen and Harriet and asked if my opinion had limits after all.

The possibility of Cliffman becoming Mr. Temple.

"ugh, ugh......."

As they both stared at Cliff at my words, his expression grew more distressed.

"I don't think ...... is going to be eliminated."

Herriot's honest answer.

"I think so."

Ellen's response.

Klippmann's blush deepened at the unexpected compliment. I stood up and put my hand on his shoulder.

"I see. I'm telling you to do it because it looks like it's going to be me, and I'm telling you this to humiliate you for nothing."

"Well, at least......."

That's not quite right.

We'll be lucky if he doesn't cry if we force him up on stage in this state. If he cries and becomes the butt of everyone's jokes, it will scar his psyche forever and he may drop out of Temple.

You might end up abandoning a child altogether.

It's a shame, but I think it would be better to put a guy like Ludwig up there who would float away if someone pushed him.

"You don't have to do it if you don't want to. Sorry to bother you......."

Eventually, you realize that pushing them further is only going to harass them, so you apologize and try to stop.

"I don't know what's wrong with Reinhardt all of a sudden, but....... Are you sure you're okay with this?"

"......."

Ellen interrupted.

This is not good enough.

I don't think it's just a person-to-person relationship. Cliffman is a guy that I can't play against, and I'm just covering for his overwhelming talent.

He had his own practice matches with Ellen and practiced strengthening his powers, but he was too nervous to practice at all.

Due to a lack of confidence and trepidation, I said things that shouldn't have been done.

"You know what?"

"......Yes."

Cliffman keeps his head down and nods subtly. He knows that fixing that part of him is something he needs to do.

"I don't see why you need to go to Mr. Temple, but if it makes you feel better about yourself, that's not a bad way to go."

"I wonder if it is......."

"Yes."

Ellen stares at Cliff, still emotionless.

and.......

Ellen is better than me.......

"If you don't want to fix it, I don't know, but if you want to fix it, you're going to have to do something."

"......."

I had intended to send Cliffman to Mr. Temple for a completely different reason, but suddenly Ellen was on board.

"......I'll think about it."

And Klippmann seemed desperate to fix that part of himself after all.

-Drat!

With that, Mr. Cliffman rose to his feet. I, Ellen, and Harriet stared up at him, dumbfounded by his sudden rise.

"Where are you going all of a sudden?"

At Herriot's question, Klippmann covered his mouth and began to stumble.

"Well, I'm feeling a little under the weather......."

"Ah."

"......."

This guy.

Is this really good?

I wonder if I'm doing something wrong.

Cliffman staggered out of the room.





Episode 279.





Cliffman didn't return, apparently having used up a day's worth of socializing and mental energy.

No, it's more like I didn't make it back. Harriet was glaring at me.

"What the hell are you up to?"

"Literally."

"Now you're telling me to get in trouble?"

"Mr. Temple, why is it an accident to leave?"

"If you force me to do something I would never do if left alone, that's an accident."

"I did it with purely good intentions."

Actually.

It's never without good intentions.......

If anything, I'm wondering if I should be drying Cliff.

Combat is a great talent to have, but if it goes wrong, you'll lose the talent and Cliff will be forever scarred.

I don't want to abandon him because he's a good kid, even if he's a bit of a wreck.

I don't disagree with Herriot, but isn't telling Klippmann to enter the Mr. Temple contest already an accident?

"She really does do things that are so out of the ordinary that they embarrass her, don't you think, Ellen?"

-nod

As far as I'm concerned, it was pretty out of character for me to make such an offer to Cliff out of the blue. No, it's not something I would normally do either. The problem is the asshole who gives you the asshole event at the wrong time, and you can't do nothing about it.

"...... I think I know why."

Ellen looks at me and blurts it out.

No, how do you know why I did this?

"You said you were going to see a friend, but you're going to see him."

No this.

What a ridiculous misunderstanding!

"Oh, no. What are you talking about?"

"You're going to use that as an excuse to go see Miss Temple, even if it's not her."

"...... and."

Ellen's eyes widened as if she hadn't thought of that.

If there's one person you can tell is an asshole by the look in their eyes, it's Harriet.

No, guys....... Yes, but not as a result.

There's a story....... There is.......

"No shit, not for that reason, but why can't I go to that place, and if I go there, what, am I in trouble?"

"I don't see why not."

"......Yes."

Why do horses look at you like you're going to eat them!

Eventually.

I've become that weirdo who does things that don't even make sense, like going to the Miss Temple contest to support a friend by getting her to go to Mr. Temple.

You're a weirdo for making up a bullshit excuse when you could just go see it with dignity!

Eventually, studying took a backseat.

Herriot looked thoughtful, then looked at me and asked.

"By the way, is she going to the tournament?"

"How do I know that?"

"He'll say anything, including things he shouldn't say to you."

Right, but I don't know if you're going to the tournament?

Now that I think about it, I taunted Ellen and said I could win it all, and then I'd go to the tournament.

"......."

Ellen was silent, but she didn't say much.

"Are you going to leave?"

"Why?"

At my question, Ellen stares at me.

"Do you think I'm going to lose?"

"No, because I didn't say anything."

I just asked you if you were going to leave, and you just gave me that answer.

But that....... From what I saw in the classroom today, from what I heard, and because Olivia is a fifth grader.......

Isn't that a little hard for Ellen right now.......

I'm sure it's just a kid thing, but I'm not very good at managing my facial expressions.

Ellen seemed to read something in my expression.

"Never mind, I don't really care about tournaments anyway."

Ellen said. But she didn't look too happy about it.

"......I'm done for the day."

Apparently offended, Ellen sat for a moment, then left, claiming to be tired. I stared at the study room door, which Ellen had quietly closed behind her.

"She's upset because you said something weird!"

"Why are you doing this to me!"

Suddenly, Herriot brings up the tournament, and things get weird. Not that it was his fault, of course.

"Do you really think....... Ellen is going to lose?"

"I don't know, that's it."

"......I can't quite picture it."

Harriet couldn't seem to imagine Ellen losing.

Anyway, Ellen said she wasn't interested in tournaments, and that seemed to be true.

It was weird.

If I were Ellen, I'd be all over Olivia Ranze in the tournament because of the favoritism.

I didn't think I'd be interested in winning or losing.

By the way.

"You know what?"

"Why."

"What about me?"

Herriot suddenly said something out of the blue.

"What are you talking about?"

"Am I going to lose to her, too?"

The question was completely unexpected, and I was stumped.

"You? What the hell are you talking about?"

"......Why, can't I play in the tournament?"

"Aren't tournaments for melee majors in the first place, and you're a magic major?"

"There's no rule that says you can't leave, I know that."

Yeah, obviously.

The reason why magic majors don't show up to tournaments in the first place is because it's nearly impossible for magic majors to beat melee classes.

How do you deal with a melee major who jumps in front of you while you're casting an offensive spell?

It may be a surprise, but it's face-to-face, confined combat.

I wouldn't even say it's a disadvantage in the first place.

I thought Ellen was going to be the one to go, if anyone was going to go.

"If you don't do it, you don't know it."

I have no idea why Herriot is doing this.

However, something seemed to have changed in Harriet since the incident at Aaron Mede's mansion.

Ellen had also decided that she wanted to play an opponent who was hard to predict.

"......Don't overdo it."

"Yes."

Harriet looked at me and smiled.

"Are you going to support me?"

"......By nature, humans are wired to root for the underdog."

"So what?"

I saw Harriet shake her head and sighed.

"Of course I'm rooting for you."

I'm rooting for him because he's going to lose.

"You suck!"

Herriot huffed in frustration at my words.

Anyway.

Herriot, not Ellen, is a freshman and has decided to compete in an unlimited tournament.

I'm actually rooting for Herriot.

In the first place....... It would be a huge accomplishment just to make it all the way up to meet Olivia Ranze.



* * *



Herriot has gone off somewhere to apply for an unlimited tournament. I don't see how even a genius can go up against a bunch of melee majors, even seniors, in a tournament.

You should have your own ideas.

I wasn't really motivated to study for the test because other kids were.

I left the study hall and swung my sword in the training hall, alone.

Enchantment.

"Hmm......."

It's not quite the same as the real thing, but you get the idea.

The immovable becomes movable, and it awakens a whole new set of sensations.

Combined with the unexpected success of my classes and the self-suggestion of my A-ranking, I've gotten stronger.

You won't be able to win unlimited, but you'll be able to win first grade.

Ellen, the strongest favorite to win, won't be competing.

"Be broken."

Another force, a word.

I mumbled something to the scarecrow, but nothing happened.

"......."

...... receives the column.

Self-implication was mostly mental.

But words must be spoken.

In other words, I have to call out what I want with a grain of salt.

This is me actually yelling at the scarecrow to break, and nothing happens.

It's hundreds of times more embarrassing than self-inflicted.

This is numerical play!

I've become the person with the most powerful superpower in the entire world, so why is my performance proportional to my shame?

You're going to need to yell something in a real-world situation later, and it's going to be incredibly embarrassing if nothing happens!

Why do all my abilities feel like this.......

Furthermore, grade F verbalization seemed to be even more ineffective than grade F self-suggestion.

Eventually.

I guess it hasn't changed the fact that I'm a quintessential comic book hero kind of guy. That....... that only comes out when you mean it....... That.......

Of course, it's even more useless to have a superpower that works well in training but doesn't work in practice.

I know this is much better.

It's hard.......

"He, Boo. Boo....... Do you want to break......?"

Somehow, as I got more and more discouraged, my voice crawled.

But when you're practicing your spells in the rehearsal hall, shouting at the top of your lungs, you're pretty sure you're going to strangle yourself if someone walks in.

Alone for hours, I practiced enchantment, arcana, and self-suggestion and swordplay until the sun went down.

-delay

How long has it been.

"......."

"Uh....... You're here."

Ellen shows up at the rehearsal hall, dressed comfortably. I wondered if she was still upset about my subtle reaction earlier. Ellen pulled her water lance from its sheath and approached me.

"Let's do it."

"Uh, yeah."

As if nothing had happened, Ellen pointed her sword at me.

I didn't say anything, and we didn't fight.

Ellen and I practiced swordsmanship as usual.

-Kang!

-Ka-ching!

-Kagak!

"Ugh!"

"Read some more trajectories."

"I'm doing it......!"

"I can't do that at all."

-Carded!

I improved a lot, but I was still no match for Ellen.

In the end, this was more important to me than anything else.

Kliffman wasn't in the room today, perhaps still mulling it over.

-Pak!

Ellen brought her elbow in the direction of my chin, scaring the sword away.

If I had gotten it right, it would have turned my neck, but I stopped just in time.

As always, it's my loss.

The all-too-familiar defeat.

"......."

"......."

Our eyes met for a moment. Ellen's face was sweaty and her hair was sticking to her face.

I've always lost, and it's been my life.

But when Ellen plays me, she can go for hours without breaking a sweat.

I don't remember when, but at some point, I realized.

I'm a lot stronger than I used to be. I may not be able to tire Ellen out, but I'm no longer the easy target I once was.

Ellen stares at me in that position, unmoving.

Ellen is shorter than me, so naturally she looks up a bit when she sees me.

"Do you think I....... lose?"

Ellen asks that question without a subject.

I wonder if I've been thinking about it all along.

"How do I know that?"

"Lies."

Ellen looks at me.

"You're thinking I'm losing."

"......."

Olivia would be stronger than Ellen, I was secretly thinking.

"I know, I know I lost. It's just, I felt like it. I'm not sorry, I know."

It wasn't like they were really showing each other what they were made of, but Ellen seemed to realize it the moment Olivia Ranze grabbed her wrist.

I feel like I'm no match for this person.

"Uh, I'm sorry."

"......."

Ellen stares at me. Ellen hangs her water lily sword in its rack and pats her hand.

"Don't apologize."

"......."

"I hate that more."

Ellen is perched on the window sill of the rehearsal hall, staring blankly outside.

Now, it's winter.

Ellen took off her casual sweatshirt coat.

Ellen's black short-sleeved shirt is soaked through. Ellen pulls her sweatshirt coat around her neck and looks at me.

"Me, I don't want to fight him and win."

"......Yes."

Ellen is now looking at the Temple, where winter is coming.

Sitting on the window sill, tiptoeing, Ellen sees me.

"I, Miss Temple, am leaving."

"......?"

"I want to beat him there."

Ellen picked a completely different place to fight.

"I don't want to be Miss Temple. I can lose that too. She's famous and....... pretty, so it's okay."

"......."

"I, for one, only need one vote."

Ellen looks at me as she says that.

Only one vote is needed.

Ellen didn't say whose votes she needed.

It was just looking at me.

I couldn't look at Ellen properly.

With that, Ellen climbed down from the window sill and walked over to me.

Ellen gently grasped my fingertips and then gently let go.

Despite her nonchalant expression, I could clearly feel Ellen's hand trembling violently as it lightly touched mine.

He couldn't even look at me properly.

"...... I'm coming."

Herriot competing in an unlimited weight tournament and Ellen going to Miss Temple, both of which were completely unexpected.





Episode 280.





The next day.

"I'm going to try."

Klippmann said, sounding determined.

Of course I did, and then I spent a long time agonizing over the Mr. Temple entry form.

Ellen and Harriet seemed to have already signed up. Both seem to know that the other is going to the tournament and Miss Temple.

"You want me to just close my eyes and write?"

"Well, it was a bit of a pain in the ass to write......."

In the lobby of the dorm, Kliffman had become a wrecking ball over a piece of paper, and I was trying to convince him to just use it when he made up his mind.

After a while, Liana de Granz walked up to us.

"What are you guys doing?"

"Oh, he, he....... that......."

Cliffman stuttered when Riana suddenly spoke to him. He's especially vulnerable to girls who come in with a hook. Ellen does it to him, and Riana does it too, though in a different way.

In fact, Riana has very few boundaries between friend and foe. She'll talk to anyone, and she's not shy about it.

Cliffman stammered, unable to answer at all, so I finally spoke up.

"Mr. Temple is leaving."

"......?"

At that, Riana frowned. She looks like she's heard something wrong.

No, who am I to judge, and it's not me.

"Only Cliff is going out, not me."

"......?"

"......."

Same reaction.

Wow.

You?

This one?

You have a way with words, man.

Cliffman looked like he'd been caught dreaming. Riana sat down across from him and stared at his face.

"Hmmm."

Unspecified traces.

Riana didn't say anything about why you'd leave something like that, or whether you should or shouldn't.

He just stared at me and seemed to be thinking about something.

"That, that....... That....... That's a bit much....... Ah, aha. Ahaha......."

Cliffman scratched his head and reached for the application, thinking that this had to stop.

I guess that doesn't work either.

-Tak!

"Ugh."

But as Kliffman reached for the application, Riana slapped his hand away.

"Give."

"Uh, huh?"

"I've been thinking, "What's the big deal about using this stuff?"

Riana looks like she's having fun.

Come to think of it, he's technically the real A-lister.

She's talented, but she has no interest in studying, and she comes from a wealthy family that spends money like it's nothing. It's exam time and he's pissed off that he's being forced to study by Ellen, Adelia, and Harriet.

He was too excited to miss out on the fun.

Riana started filling out the application, including Klippmann's name and affiliation.

"When's your birthday."

"Uh, well, that's......."

"Quick."

"It's June 18th......."

"Height and weight."

He filled out Kliffman's application for him and handed it to him, leaving only his signature.

"Sign."

"Huh?"

"You want me to sign it? This is your job."

"He, he....... I'm not sure I'm ready for that......."

Riana's brow narrowed.

"Sure. Just do it. Do it. Do you want to get electrocuted or crispy?"

-fazik! fazik!

When Riana's fingertips glowed blue, Klippmann scrawled his signature in disgust.





Riana this asshole.

He knows exactly how to handle Cliffman.

You do realize that indecisive, cranky kids need to be grabbed by the scruff of the neck and dragged away, right?

No, she's just the way she is. Taking the signed application, Riana shakes her head.

"Do I need to submit this?"

"Well, that's....... Well, I don't know about that......."

"I should go."

Riana nodded at my words.

"Why not have someone come with me?"

"Right?"

-Took

Riana jumped to her feet and punched Kliffman in the shoulder.

"Hey, follow me."

"Ugh, huh?"

"I don't understand this. Are you sure you want to be electrocuted?"

"Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, okay!"

Cliffman bounced to his feet, and Riana led the way, application in hand.

"I can't even do this one thing right, and it's annoying."

Riana led the way, while Kliffman stared at me.

Help!

He had a look on his face that said.

No.......

Me too....... She can't do anything about it.

Cliffman trotted reluctantly behind Riana like a cow being led to the slaughter.

After a while, Riana returned, bringing only Cliff, who looked pleased with himself.

Apparently, they had filled out an application.

"Hmm......."

"That....... Why again......?"

"First of all, you look so nerdy. Your hair, your expression, your posture, your whole demeanor."

The look on Kliffman's face at this poignant point is priceless.

Riana sat Kliffman down and started playing with his hair, trying to put it in an all-back, parting it, and so on.

That's him.......

He liked to dress up and stuff.

It was like they were going to do what they did with Ellen, only this time with Cliff. I don't care if it's a man or a woman, as long as it's a hanger, is that it?

Cliffman, of course, was flinching at Riana's touch, his heart beating faster and faster in real time.

"Hmm....... Something's missing......."

Oh dear, it looks like my mission to create a Mr. Cliffman Temple has slipped through my fingers.

"Anyway, you only trust your sister."

"Huh? Uh, uh....... Yeah....... But why would you want to be my sister......."

"Fuck it. Go throw up somewhere."

"Uh, ah, okay!"

This is what happens. Is that right?

It seems to have passed from the hands of the male Reinhardt to the female Reinhardt.

Before I could convince her otherwise, Riana started poking fun at Kliffman.

When I tried to add something, she was like, "What do you know?" and took control.

Cliffman's resentful stare made me feel a twinge of guilt, but no matter how I think about it, between a villain named Reinhardt and a villain named Liana de Granz, the latter seems more likely to make Cliffman Mr. Temple.

He actually cares a lot about his clothes, and he's probably better at taking care of his appearance than I am.

So in the end, I didn't have a say in the matter, and I figured I could just let someone more capable take over and not bother.

That wasn't the end of it. While Klippmann and Riana were freaking out, Ellen spotted Riana in the distance and approached with guns blazing.

I haven't seen him move that fast in a long time.

"Riana."

"Oh, Ellen. Why?"

"I want to buy a dress. Can you help me pick one out?"

"A dress? Suddenly?"

"Yes."

Ellen nodded.

"Me, Miss Temple, I'm going out."

"......Eh?"

Riana is stunned for a moment.

Why would she do that?

Shocked, questioning.

"Oh. Ohhhh!"

And excitement.

You now have unlimited dressing opportunities on two of your favorite hangers.

"Great! Come to my room, both of you! No, come to my mansion for the weekend, both of you! I'll have the whole zodiac boutique over!"

Cliffman on the left, Ellen on the right.

Liana de Granz is on the verge of happiness.



* * *



Riana didn't ask any questions about Klippmann and Ellen's spur-of-the-moment decision to participate.

He was excited about the idea that good things are good things, and that he was going to try this and that.

I let her do her thing. I don't know much about fashion, and my job is to confirm the winner at the elimination, and if Riana does a good job, she'll get fewer points for the elimination.

We still have a variable named Ellen.

It wouldn't be a bad idea for Ellen to be Miss Temple. Olivia and Ellen are both very talented.

Honestly, I'd be happy with a randomized talent from either of them, and most importantly, Cliff's combat talent.

But what can I say.......

Ellen and Olivia.

If you vote for one of them, the person you vote for should win.

If you vote for Ellen and Olivia wins, you end up getting nothing.

And.......

Honestly, the odds are in Olivia's favor. All considerations aside, name recognition is a different story.

However, Ellen said she only needed one vote.

So Ellen tries to leave, even though she knows she has little chance of becoming Miss Temple.

"......."

Darn.

Headaches are a dime a dozen, and they don't go away, they just get more and more. From big problems to personal relationships.

The problems will only continue to grow.



* * *



It's exam season, but the mood of first-year Royal Class has changed. And it's not just because it's exam time.

It was the new headmaster, Saviolin Tana.

"Reinhardt, Lord Tana has asked me to gather the students who wish to take swordsmanship lessons!"

An excited Ludwig arrived at the A-class dormitory. It was exam time, but he was going to give us a lesson.

"Of course you're going, right?"

"......you're not worried that this is a trial period at all?"

It's not my place to say, but I have other things to worry about and you should be studying, you son of a bitch!

At my words, Ludwig laughed and scratched his head.

"Aww, but what chance do I have of that, I don't know when you're going to quit."

You're right. Ludwig is interested in improving his skills, he has no talent or interest in studying.

"Anyway, pass it on to Class A. They're going to be teaching in the dormitory in Class B!"

Ludwig passed the torch to me and took off like a bird, heading back to his B-class dorm.

......I'm always wondering why he's so weird.

I'd rather die than suffer, after all, I'm my own worst enemy. I sighed and paced the rooms of the A-class dormitory, delivering Savior Tana's message.

I was no different than Ludwig. I'd rather take a swordsmanship lesson from Saviolin Tana than a class.



* * *



A group of people gathered in a B-class dormitory dance hall during an exam period.

In class A, it's just me and Erich.

Erich seems to be working hard these days, but I'm not sure what his accomplishments are.

Cliffman really wanted to come, but he was dragged away by Riana.

Ellen looked like she wanted to go, but she also looked like she wished Miss Temple hadn't come to see if she could talk to Riana.

In Class B, it was Scarlett, Ludwig, and Delfin Izad.

While swordsmanship isn't Delphine's main focus, she's learning, and she's curious to see what the famed Xanapelle master Xaviorin Tana has to teach her.

Saviolin Tana hasn't exactly made herself known to me since she entered the dorm. She's here for Charlotte's protection. I am here to protect Charlotte, and not to reveal myself so that I can take action.

If something happened, she'd look for me, but she didn't even acknowledge me, just nodded at my greeting and walked past.

I know it's to protect me, but it's also subtly creepy.

"Oops, sorry to ignore you.

"What to do.

"But if I pretend to know, I could get in trouble.

'Sorry.......'

Of course, the look on his face said it all.

"They did a great job of coming together in the midst of our busy schedule."

As if that would be the end of her greeting, she pulled a water lily sword from its sheath.

I was a little disappointed that Ellen, the real ace, wasn't there.

I was curious to see what Saviolin Tana would think of Ellen's performance, and it's not like today is the only time we'll get to see her.

Actually, Saviolin Tana seemed a little puzzled that Ellen wasn't here. She just didn't show it.

"I'm not very verbal, and I'm not used to teaching things. So if you want to get something from me, you'll have to learn by doing. Students who realize a lot will learn a lot, and students who don't know what they're doing wrong will learn less."

Saviolin Tana glanced at the five gathered.

"Come forward, one by one, hopefuls."

"Let me try!"

Ludwig jumped to the forefront.

"What's your name?"

"This is Ludwig from B-11!"

Saviolin Tana.

Ludwig.

After the original gate incident, the two became priests.

Saviolin Tana was a harsh and cruel teacher, and Ludwig was forced to get used to her overbearing and harsh teaching methods, even though he felt terrible about them.

She also taught Ellen, but she was more hands-on with Ludwig than with Ellen. Of course, that doesn't mean she didn't teach Ellen anything.

Ludwig and Saviolin Tana.

Although unintentional, my actions succeeded in bringing them together more than a year earlier than their original time zone.

After the Gate, things were out of control, which is why Saviolin Tana treated Ludwig so harshly, but now nothing has happened.

Can they build a softer, more moderate priestly relationship?

"Here we go!"

"You don't have to be loud."

"Yep! Got it!"

"He said I didn't have to yell."

"Yes!"

"You're at ....... Do something."

-Kagagak!

Saviolin Tana deflected Ludwig's full weight with her right hand, and in one swift motion, she brought the tip of her sword to Ludwig's throat.

"Ouch."

"Hmm......."

Saviolin Tana looked at Ludwig and shook her head.

"That sucks."

"Sorry!"

"There's nothing to apologize for. It's just the truth."

"I'll do my best!"

"......."

Saviolin Tana glares at Ludwig, who stares back.

'um.......'

'umm.......'

'Why.......'

"Hey, I don't like this.

As expected, the sound of Tana's heart was read by the viola.





Episode 281.





Ludwig is no slouch either, and he's grown a lot since the first semester, even compared to the original.

Saviolin Tana crossed swords with Ludwig five times in a row. Unsurprisingly, she was subdued in a single blow.

Due to her level, she did not use any magical enhancements and defeated him solely through skill.

Certainly, it wasn't like Ellen.

With the least amount of motion necessary, she brought her sword to her side, not allowing Ludwig an inch of space.

It doesn't even look like he's using much force. He grips his training sword with his right hand and gives it a slight flick, but the sword is pushed back and his trajectory is disrupted.

Right now, Saviolin Tana is unbeatable in the melee division. So she's going to have a tough time with Ellen, and Olivia Ranze is going to have a tough time with her.

You said there's a sky above the sky.

If me and Ludwig were on the ground, Ellen would be in the stratosphere, and Xavier Tana would be on the moon.

Or maybe a different planet altogether, because he can summon an Auror Sword without a sword.

Overwhelming walls.

Ludwig scratched his head, searching for any hint of self-pity or futility at being so futilely defeated.

"You say you practice a lot, but you're falling far short, Lord Tana."

"Call me sir. I'm not here as a knight."

"Yes, sir!"

"......."

Saviolin Tana asked Ludwig to strike a pose with his sword.

"Ludwig, you have a very shallow understanding of the sword. You have learned it mechanically. You know the blade, but you don't know why you need it. You don't understand, so you exert too much force. Swordsmanship, by definition, does not require excessive force. You need a more in-depth understanding of the technique, as all universal swordsmanship theories are based on not using magical enhancements."

"Yes, sir!"

"If you want to know more, come and ask. Over. Next."

The overbearing Ludwig steps aside, and this time it's Delphine.

"Name?"

"This is Delphine Isadra....... Thank you."

Delphine Isadra, who was always on the cheerful side, if not quite as cheerful as Ludwig, was nervous. That's how it's supposed to be in front of a man of his stature.

It's like having Einstein in your science class. They're there to see how you study and give you advice.

It's weird that Ludwig isn't nervous.

Delphine stabbed at Tana with her training blade. Tana did the same this time, thrusting her own sword at an angle to the tip of Delphine's thrusting blade, twisting the blade's hilt.

"Ahem!"

Delphine lost control of the sword and ended up flipping over her wrist.

"Hmm."

Tana blushed and shook her head as she watched Delphine pick up her training sword.

"You're not a swordsman."

"Oh, that....... Yeah."

"Archery?"

"What? Ah....... How......."

"If I had a callus like that between my thumb and index finger, that would be it."

At Tana's words, Delphine froze and stared at her. Tana seemed to see it, the natural calluses she'd developed from handling the bowstring so casually.

"I don't think I have anything to teach you. Next."

Tana turned to Delphine to see if she could offer any advice on archery. Delphine blushed with embarrassment and backed away as if to run away.

No, but you can still say a few words, can't you? You're relentless.

Next up was Scarlet.

Scarlett pursed her lips nervously.

"This is Scarlett....... Thank you."

"Come on."

"Yes."

Scarlett seemed more inclined to play a slow, exploratory game than to point her dueling blades at Tana.

It sees an opening and tries to get in.

Scarlett's skills are the best of any of us here, pure and simple. I'm not so much a swordsman as I am compensated for a number of conditions.

"If you don't come, we'll go this way."

As Tana took a step forward, Scarlet took a step back, her sword pointed forward. As if she would be completely subdued the moment the sword touched.

Tana wasn't in a hurry. For every step she took, Scarlett took a step back.

But you can't stay on the sidelines forever.

Tana's sword was not that fast. In fact, it goes in so slowly that you wonder if it's intentionally slow.

Of course, that's not going to happen in real life.

As if it were a problem.

What would you do if I went into a sword path like this?" With that feeling, he slashed his sword honestly at Scarlett, from top to bottom.

Scarlet has seen that the moment she touches that sword, she is caught in its path and either swept away or bounces off.

Scarlett's choice was evasion.

The moment you try to dodge by stepping slightly to the side of the sword.

"!"

Tana saber-raises and draws her sword toward her body, converting it into a straight stab.

It was close to the same time.

As if it knew in advance that Scarlett was about to make an evasive judgment call, the moment her body moved, it was already transformed into a stab of Savior Tana's sword.

But it's not impossible to deal with.

Scarlet thrusts her training blade toward the path of Saviolin Tana's stab.

The sword is oriented so that the scarlet is further inward.

If we continue to push, Tana's sword will be pushed into an outward trajectory instead of toward Scarlett's body.

This way, Scarlet can stab Tana, but Tana's sword will miss.

But Scarlett's thrusts and pushes are just as scary as Tana's sword.

-Whoosh!

With a flick of her wrist, she flipped the sword backwards.

Quickly claiming the inside, he easily pushed aside Scarlett's dueling blades and aimed the blade at the nape of her neck.

At face value, it's a sum.

As far as the action before that goes, it was just two sums.

"Hmmm. Not bad."

Saviolin Tana nodded, more in recognition of Scarlett's judgment and quickness than the number of times.

"......Thank you."

Scarlett didn't seem to understand why she was being told she was fine when she lost by only two moves.

Since then, Tana has babysat Scarlett four more times.

Of course, it wasn't much different than before.

The only difference is that, like Ludwig, he doesn't rely on brute strength, but on psychological warfare, using his wits to figure out the best way out of a tight situation.

Saviolin Tana seemed to see that in Scarlett.

"You're a good student, keep going."

"Go, thank you......."

"Next."

Saviolin Tana would just say that and move on.

I mean, shouldn't I be teaching her something? Of course, Scarlett is no match for me in terms of pure swordsmanship.

But the look on Scarlett's face suggests that she didn't need the feedback.

His face is wide open, and I can see that he's feeling pretty excited.

I could see Ludwig and Delphine's envy, and Erich could barely look at Scarlett.

The best prosecutor on the continent said it was excellent.

There's nothing more motivating to a sword practitioner than that.

Some people are so strong and powerful that they can change the lives of others with just a few words. Saviolin Tana is one of those people.

Scarlett will use this as motivation to work harder now.

At that point, I don't need to teach you anything in detail, it's just me and Erich de Lapaeri.

Erich hesitated.

"Get out."

"Uh, uh......? Me?"

Scarlett is up next. I'm sure Erich knows that he doesn't compare favorably to Scarlett. So he doesn't want to go out and be compared to her.

Yeah, why are you here?

The name Saviolin Tana is enough to get Erich excited.

Erich looks like he doesn't want to be embarrassed right now.

"Why don't you go to ...... or something?"

"Oh, no!"

-Enough!

If the cub doesn't leave now, it's the last one.

I may not be as good as Scarlett right now, but I'm sure I'll be better overall.

"That would be Erich de Lapaeri, first year Royal Class, A-9."

"Class A?"

"Yes."

"......."

Tana stares at Erhi, the tip of her dueling sword tucked into the floor of the training hall.

'Hmm....... He's cool.'

'You're not even good enough to pretend.......'

"This kid is Royal Class?

"Is this all there is to royal class anymore?

"No, he was fine earlier.

"What is it?

'um.......'

'I don't think I'm going to be able to say anything good about him.......'

A million thoughts rush through Saviolin Tana's expressionless face.

"......You don't need to see it."

"That....... Yes?"

"I don't want to embarrass you. You don't do it."

Saviolin Tana said, as if she knew Erich as soon as she saw him.

There.......

Wouldn't it be more embarrassing to hear that.......

"Next."

Saviolin Tana looks at me this time.

Last turn.

"This is Reinhardt."

"Yeah."

I raised my water sword.

Saviolin Tana and I are officially old friends. We met face-to-face at the Royal Class sponsorship and got sponsored.

But there is no relationship after that. What happened at the Palace of Spring is top secret, so Saviolin Tana is not really an acquaintance of mine, although I am acquainted with her.

So....... This is kind of weird.

"Good, good. You're inferring a sword path from your opponent's shoulders and stride, which is a difficult sensation to develop. But you're not quite there yet. But don't worry. It's just inexperience, and it will come naturally as you continue to train and study."

"Okay, but a little more, like this. A little more strength in your hands, and....... A little more. A little harder. Oh, I'm not that strong yet. Mmm. Okay. Yeah, you can do that. You're still young."

"Great. I can't believe I can do this already, but this would have been better. Look. Like this. Do you know what that feels like?"

"No, no. Not like that. Like this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. You're a fast learner."

"Some more, some more, no, one more time. Mmm. It's getting better. Let's do it one more time."

This person.

He's got me, and he keeps doing this.

No.......

Why are you playing favorites!

I finally understood why Saviolin Tana had offered to teach the children swordplay.

I can see why the other guys said a few words and moved on.

This guy was trying to teach me something.

"Okay, okay, Reinhardt. Excellent."

All the other kids stared at the scene of overwhelming favoritism.





Episode 282.





How many times has the strongest knight on the continent had his life saved by someone else? It's been a long time since it happened, if it ever happened at all, since personal power has reached a certain level.

She may have lived her life on the side of saving rather than being saved by someone.

It was a confluence of events, but in the end, I saved Savior Tana's life.

Had it stirred up some forgotten emotion in her?

She obviously bowed to me and thanked me, but she seemed to think to herself that it wasn't enough.

So, if he wanted to do something for me, he probably thought it would be helpful for him to see to my training while he was still wearing the title of Sergeant Major and staying in the Royal Class dorms.

But it would be weird to teach just me and not the other guys, so I'd bring them in and pretend to teach them, but only teach me.

All good.

Good.

But this.......

I'm just going to be the weirdo again.

"Well, you're going to have to watch the other kids besides me......."

"......a."

Tana, who had been focusing on me, turned her attention back to her students.

"Ah.

"I completely forgot!

Please tell me I'm the only one in the world who can subtly read thoughts in that cold, distant expression.

"Well, okay. I think that's enough for you, so let's watch it again."

At my request, Tana once again watched everyone's swordplay. Of course, she didn't put as much effort into it as she did with me, but in the end, it was more than enough for our level.

Neither Erich nor Delphine took the advice.

Saviolin Tana's teachings to me were definitely helpful, but overly ticklish.

It's embarrassing to be told you're great when you're not even close to Scarlett. This guy clearly doesn't understand that too much praise is feeding.

"Well, I think we're all good to go."

Eventually, after another lap, she grabbed me and taught me a few more things before announcing that the midnight extra class was over.

Everyone was pleased with themselves. They seemed excited to see a legendary creature right in front of them.

Of course, it's not really the stuff of legend.

"I know winter break is just around the corner, but I'll be doing these classes from time to time. I'll let you know when I have an idea, so you can come to the training grounds at the appointed time. That's it."

The class was over, and I went home to rest.

"Reinhardt, that's great, you're the only person I've ever heard Lord Tana praise so loudly!"

Ludwig patted me on the shoulder excitedly, as if he'd been complimented.

Delighting in other people's work as if it were your own.

Every time I realize he's a true human being, I realize how much of a jerk I am.

"Just saying."

"No, Reinhardt. It was great."

Scarlett said, with a rare twinkle in her eye.

I mean, do you say that even though you know objectively that you're better at it?

a.......

Lord Tana must know something I don't, because I feel like this.

Erich's grass was badly dead.

I wasn't scolded or told why I was being so mean.

Saviolin Tana simply said she wouldn't look at you, which was a kindness after all. She didn't want to embarrass you in front of the other students.

I wouldn't be able to say I'm good at something I can't do.

As he stumbles back to his class A dorm because the grass is dead.

Scarlett stared at it.

Scarlett, who had been accused of being a witch, is an excellent student and has never been put to the test.

It will be miserable.

There was nothing amusing about the way Scarlett looked at Erich.

All I felt was a stare. It was neither negative nor positive, just a stare.

The look in Scarlett's eyes convinces me.

That Scarlett is now completely free of the dark feelings that stemmed from Erich and him.

It's better to get out of it than to wallow in it. You could say that Scarlett had undergone a positive transformation.

"When is the next class, I can't wait to take it again."

"......Give me a break, will you?"

At my words, Ludwig scratched his head.

"I don't think I'm cut out for real studying, I'm better off doing this."

You're a madman with nothing but muscles for a brain.

I slowed my pace, afraid that if I stayed with them any longer, I would catch the strange aura. Ludwig, Scarlett, and Delphine headed back to their dormitory and I felt a hand on my shoulder.

"Ah....... Lord Tana."

"Sir."

Saviolin Tana looks at me as if to correct my title, as if I am now her teacher.

He's been very sensitive about the way he's been addressed. First he wants me to call him Lord Tana. Now he wants me to call him Mr. because he's a teacher.

"Yes, sir."

She glances around to make sure no one is watching.

"I have a few more things to say about today's lesson."

I'm pretty sure I have an excuse.

"Let's take a walk."

"Sure."

She led the way, and I followed.



* * *



Saviolin Tana and I walked outside the dormitory.

It was night, and it was getting colder, so the normally deserted neighborhood of the Royal Class dormitory was deserted.

"Royal Class is still a fun place to be."





"......still?"

"Yeah."

She walks with her hands in her coat pockets.

She is a Temple senior at EpinHauser. Naturally, she was also from the Temple Royal class.

"I was no different, a kid who relied on his talent to do nothing. A guy who works hard despite his lack of talent. What's so urgent, a guy who grits his teeth and works hard......."

She exhales a white breath.

"And a natural at everything."

Ellen wasn't here today.

So, when you say I'm a natural at everything, you mean me.

I've gotten to the point where I've been told that.

I'm not the Reinhardt of my incompetence anymore, so when I'm told I'm the guy who has everything, I can't really deny it.

Not the guy who brings everything, but the guy who keeps bringing something.

Although that would be more accurate.

"Which side were you on?"

"...... You know it when you see it, right?"

Saviolin Tana looks at me and smiles.

I haven't set her up, I don't know what her Temple days were like, I have no idea what her past history is.

What was Xavier Tana like in his Temple days, in his Royal Class days?

I can see it without looking. It was like Ellen.

"Ellen Artorius. You didn't show up today."

"Yeah, I've got a few things I need to take care of......."

She probably knows who Ellen is just as well as she knows me. I wonder what she would think if Ellen was competing in Miss Temple instead of training.

Do they think it's pathetic?

She's walking through the dimly lit park in her dorm.

"Actually, I don't remember much about Temple."

"......."

"I've been here for six years, and I've only ever lived in a smokehouse. I've had some friends, but I don't even know what I did with them."

Tana's eyes were blank.

I can't count the hours I've spent here, and I have no memories of any other place.

She must have been a fool who knew nothing but the sword.

The time would have been replaced by skill, but she had no meaningful memory of it.

So what should have been a memorable place didn't seem to be filled with anything.

"After graduation, I joined Shanapelle, and I've had enemies there ever since. Before I knew it, they were calling me the best swordsman on the continent, and then some guy named Ragan Artorius took the title from me, and now it's back."

She walks in a daze.

"You can't just fill your life with titles like that."

She sees me.

"Reinhard, don't live too hard."

"......."

He was born with it all.

No, he lives like he's being chased by something.

She puts her hand on one of the park's trees and strokes down its grain.

"If you live too hard, you'll miss too much."

What was she thinking, I wondered, unable to read the emotion in her expression now.

"What did you miss?"

At my question, she unfolded the hem of her coat and pointed to the sword sheath at her left waist.

Rathalos Tempesta.

No, she's probably referring to the sword itself.

"Everything but this."

He lived for the sword and never had anything but the sword.

A man whose life is all white space except for his sword.

Saviolin Tana was one of those people, and I smirked as I watched her wistful and sad expression.

"Isn't that something I can fill in now?"

"......what?"

"No, no, no, what are you doing, talking like an old lady? By the looks of you, I'm pretty sure you'd be my junior right now."

"......?"

What is he talking about?

She looks at me with the same expression.

"Well, you'll be there when you're stronger here, and then you'll be there when you're stronger there, so it's okay to play a little bit now, right?"

"......?"

"Don't you have a vacation or something?"

"There should be....... not."

Saviolin Tana nods blankly.

"So it's not like I have no time at all. You have a relationship, you go out to eat, you travel. What are you doing with the money you make? Aren't you going to spend it all?"

I can't believe I'm going to give a man who's eaten his fill.

This person is actually much older than my original version.

Whatever.

I'm a guy who's been there, done that.

"Well. You know how to play when you've been played."

"If I....... what the hell am I supposed to answer to you?"

She was baffled, as if she had never heard anything like this from anyone in the world. If you're bored with being the most powerful person in the world, you should get a relationship.

I'm such a weirdo.

It sounds so ridiculous that she doesn't even seem upset.

If it sounds too weird, people will freeze up rather than get upset.

"You told me not to be so hard on myself."

"......."

"Before that, I want you to start living that way."

Not only do superhumans age more slowly, but at a certain level, they don't just stop aging, they age like this.

I don't care what your actual age is, if you wear a Temple uniform, I'm pretty sure you're in the same grade as us.

What are you doing pretending to have a life?

"...... or something."

Saviolin Tana eventually burst out laughing at the absurdity of it all.

"I'm not sure you're the future of the empire after all, Reinhardt."

She patted me on the shoulder.

"But he's definitely the weirdest guy in the empire."

Weirdo.

That was also one of the most common things I heard.

She hadn't called me to talk about nothing in particular.

"Soon, the Emperor will wish to see you."

Emperor.

Does it work.

"It's telling them ahead of time not to be surprised when it happens."

Do I want to thank her for saving Charlotte and reward her, or do I want her to do something for me?

I don't know.

But in the end, it was just one of those things I had to face.





 283





Of course, the emperor doesn't accept just anyone. Nor does he meet with just anyone.

You can start by thinking in terms of results.

If you're a nobody, and you don't even have a year in the palace, the least you can do is save the life of a princess.

Although it's technically the second.

That's why meeting the emperor is a lifetime honor in itself.

But somehow.

I'm not the kind of human being who's going to live with that as a lifelong honor.

Just because the emperor asked to see you doesn't mean you're honored, it means you're worried.

The Emperor knows secrets that many people don't, and it's highly likely that Bertus and Charlotte don't either.

You'll be able to discuss the work of the Revolutionaries without taking sides, and you'll be able to ask questions about the work of the Black Order and other magical organizations.

Or maybe you'll get information about a bunch of highly classified magic and alcoholic beverages.

Setting aside the possibility of whether the emperor will trust the information I give him, and whether he will give me what I want, let's just say yes.

What's the point of contact with the emperor?

It could be temporary, or it could be continuous. As long as my abilities help stabilize Charlotte's condition, it will be the latter.

The Emperor will soon seek to see me.

I'm not sure when that will be, but I'm guessing around the winter break after the festival.



* * *



Friday.

The final exam is over.

"Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

As expected, everyone was happy to see that the dreaded second semester of Kono Lint was over.

It's even a festival, starting next week, so we'll have a week of festivities before winter break.

I haven't gotten my final grades yet, but I think I'll be in the middle of the pack. Of course, I missed a lot of classes, so I won't be at the top because of that.

I didn't pay much attention to it because I wasn't really interested in it in the first place.

Sure, the test was over, but for some, it was just the beginning.

Me at a first grade tournament.

Ellen competing in the Miss Temple pageant.

Cliff Mann competing in Mr. Temple.

Plus, Herriot in an unlimited tournament.

"Harriet, are you sure you're okay?"

"It's okay, I've got it all figured out."

Ellen's entry into Miss Temple was a surprise, but it was Herriot's entry into the Unlimited tournament that shocked everyone. As if being a magic major wasn't bad enough, she's not even a freshman and she's in the Unlimited division.

The qualifiers even start tomorrow.

Qualifiers will be held on Saturday and Sunday, with the main competition taking place Monday through Wednesday.

And starting Thursday, the unlimited tournament will begin.

The winner of the grade-level tournament will receive a spot in the unlimited tournament, but it's up to the individual to decide whether or not to participate.

I haven't decided whether to leave or not. But I think it wouldn't hurt to try. Even if you're not going to win an unlimited tournament anyway, it can't hurt to try.

It's kind of ridiculous that you think you're already a winner before you've even won.

First grade tournament qualifiers starting Saturday.

And Miss & Mr. Temple.

After that, you'll have a vacation, and you'll have to pick up the pieces from there.

Just as Kono Lindt was excited, so was Riana.

He grabbed Ellen and Cliffman by the hand and began to drag them away.

"Let's go!"

"Yes."

"That....... that must go....... Ah, ah, ah, alright, alright! I'll go! I'll go!"

Cliffman started to say something, but when Riana gave him a killing glare, his face fell and he just nodded.

Riana: His tension is high in a different way than Herriot's, but I can see that he's totally excited right now.

I wonder if there's anything he's working that hard on.

By the way.......

The real Miss Temple.

Who the hell am I supposed to vote for?

It's a trade-off between the benefits and the reality, and it's a tough call to make.

No Clifford, no Ellen, so the rehearsal hall will be deserted tonight. I'm guessing they'll be at the Duke's mansion all weekend, only coming back for the preliminaries, and the dorms have already been cleared.

Herriot went to the Hufflepuff house, and for the first time in a long time, there weren't many people in the dormitory.

Anyway, today marks the end of the second semester of my freshman year. A festival is a festival is a festival.

It's winter and there's no one around the Royal Class dorms, but there's something festive about it. Or maybe it's just me, but even though it was cold, I felt strangely excited.

The Student Government Association said that the original main event, the Royal and Orbis Class Competition, has been eliminated and replaced with numerous performances, recitals, and friendly athletic events.

Temple's clubs and even graduate students cooperated, which is a bummer for those who were hoping for a showdown, but what can you do?

I didn't let my guard down.

There were no people in the rehearsal hall, so I had a special lesson with Tana on the viola. Of course, I wasn't alone, Ludwig and Scarlett were there.

Delphine and Erich did not come. Both for their own reasons.

Erich the asshole, he seems to be trying pretty hard these days though, but it's obvious it's not working out. He's got talent, but he's been playing too much.

At least he's talented with a sword.

I have an aptitude for swordsmanship, but no talent. But I am much better than Erich, who has a talent for swordsmanship.

In the end, I realize how much Ellen's presence has helped me.

I was in a situation where I might as well have been gifted with a sword.

With an overachieving genius teaching me, it was inevitable that my progress would be much faster than a kid with a talent for swordsmanship.

In other words, Ellen is my doping potion.

A year is a long time, but it's too short a time for an unknown to dominate the talent pool.

So naturally, I'm forced to reevaluate what I've been doing.

"Well, that's not how you do it.

The words reminded me of Ellen, who started teaching me swordplay.

My efforts, which started with Adriana, really took off when Ellen got involved.

I wouldn't be able to do anything if I were alone.

Maybe he was still living as a lesser man than someone like Erich.

-Carded!

"Okay, but there's a problem with sophistication at full power."

-Keying!

"Don't get excited, Reinhardt. Your most important....... is that it's a shame."

"It's a shame to call it a flaw, isn't it?

I can see it in your face.......

Stop favoring me.......

"Your enchantment is still very unstable. Of course, the fact that you're able to do it at all is admirable. Don't take that as a reprimand."

Saviolin Tana took care of me, and of course Scarlett and Ludwig.

At first, Saviolin Tana was a bit reluctant about Ludwig's excessive fighting. To be fair, she didn't dislike it, but she seemed to be overwhelmed by it.

I'm playing favorites, and Scarlett seems to have a personal favorite.

But.

-Ka-ching!

"Done, I'll do it again!"

-Billion!

"Are you okay?"

"That's okay, we'll do it again!"

-Bang!

"Now that......."

"No, just one more time!"

I could see the difference in Ludwig's mood as he bounced back from the rough handling.

'What is this? Is he a troll?

'I thought talent was fitness.......'

'That's weird.......'

'I wonder what this is.......'

'I'm scared.......'

Ludwig did not lose his initial momentum and asked Tana to make a move.

Ludwig is an overly honest character.

It's not about the honesty of a person, it's about the honesty of a belief.

I may fall short. But I believe I can be better.

I may be weak. But I believe I can be strong.

I may be shaken. But I will grow more because of it.

It's a character with an old-school boy-cartoon sensibility.

It's a clich, but it's true.

So, when you meet someone like that in real life, it's kind of intimidating.

Unbreakable human.

A human being who tries again, even after losing dozens of times and falling apart.

"Let's do it again!"

I thought I had gotten horrible.

But instead of gritting his teeth, Ludwig, grateful for the opportunity to fall, twist his wrist, and get beaten up, smiles as he asks Saviolin Tana for a move.

I realized, once and for all, that the real assholes are the ones who do this.

It's been said that the striver never beats the enjoyer.

"Scarlett, while he's doing that, let's do our own thing."

"Ah, yes. Reinhardt."

I was a trying guy.

"Hmph!"

-Ka-ching!

Ludwig was a man who enjoyed himself.

Protagonist.

By the side of a man who saves the world with an unbreakable mind.

-Kagak!

I swung my sword diligently.



* * *



"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

After the special class, Ludwig called me over.

"I thought you were going to the freshman tournament?"

"Right."

"Me and Scarlett are going out, too. You know?"

"Oh, yeah."

This wasn't surprising to me because I thought it was a given. What was surprising was that Scarlett, who would normally have been Miss Temple, was competing in the tournament.

Ludwig said, and pointed toward the smoke screen.

"I'm going to practice some more. I doubt Lord Tana will grant me a favor."

He laughs hysterically.

"If I lose to you so badly, that's rude too, right?"

Ludwig seems to be betting that he can't beat me.

But he'll do his best, because that's what he does.

Make an effort.

Be a good person.

Let's be honest.

It's a weird thing, like a bunch of common phrases that got together and became a person.

"Bye then! Good luck with your qualifying tomorrow, I'll be there!"

"Sure."

Ludwig is much stronger than the original. That's the price you pay for staying out of trouble.

But I have a strange advantage when it comes to being a nuisance.

So I'm definitely stronger than Ludwig now, having been caught up in so many weird things.

However, I wonder if I will be stronger than Ludwig later on.

His unrealistic mind knows no bounds. He must have some sort of warrior bloodline.

Saviolin Tana seems to sense that Ludwig is something of an oddity. Tana seems a bit overwhelmed, but in the end, they have a good synergy.

Having met her in advance, Ludwig will grow stronger than ever before, and at a tremendous rate.

Tana is doing this special lesson to teach me, but it will actually make Ludwig stronger at a tremendous rate.

He'll probably pester Tana for the rest of the vacation. I'm not sure about Tana, but I don't think she's going to shoo Ludwig away when he asks for help.



* * *



"Reinhardt."

"Uh, why."

Scarlett called from the hallway of her Class B dorm.

"Would you like to eat?"

"Meals?"

I hadn't eaten dinner because I was in a special class, but it was still a bit surprising to hear Scarlett say this.

"The Empress asked me to join her for dinner if I had time."

Oh, I see.

For some reason, I felt like I was going to a tournament and not get any extra practice.

Since Charlotte's return to the dorm, they've been cautious of each other, greeting each other when they see each other but not talking.





Episode 284.





Me, Scarlett, and Charlotte went out to the main street.

No news is good news, and this is the perfect time to say it. If Charlotte doesn't find me, she's safe.

So, until now, when we haven't heard from her, Charlotte's face has been all smiles.

Since it was winter, the sun set early and the night was already dark.

But in addition to the bright lights everywhere, the temple was already celebrating, and the main street was already deserted.

"Isn't the festival from Monday?"

Charlotte laughed at my comment.

"Access restrictions are lifted on Monday, but business and traffic restrictions are lifted on Friday. People with temple passes will be able to enjoy the festivities a little earlier."

With that said, the festivities have already begun.

During the festival, the once impregnable temple opens its doors to civilians.

Of course, there are plenty of guards, but for the people of the zodiac, the week of the festival is the only time they get to see what their fantasy temple looks like beyond the massive walls.

But we haven't seen a wave of such civilians yet.

The pre-festivities period.

The streets of Temple were a little more lively than usual, with bright lights, street vendors, and delicious smells everywhere.

There were people buying food on the street, and there were students practicing, playing or singing on the street.

"I'm sure the regular classes have been busy preparing for this and that event, but the Royal Class, who should be the busiest, is taking a break from the festivities?"

Charlotte smirked.

"Then thank me."

"Oh, yeah. I should have seen that coming."

The normal classes are busy with their festivities, and the Royal Class, who should be the busiest, has nothing to do, so they're wandering the streets on the eve of the festival.

"Let's eat that."

As I realized last time, Charlotte is very picky about what she eats. At Charlotte's suggestion, the three of us ate chicken skewers that were being grilled on the street, smelling absolutely delicious.

When he sees something like this, I wonder if he just likes street food, regardless of whether it's covered or not.

"Ouch, hot!"

"Who's eating it, slow down."

"I didn't realize it would be this hot."

Charlotte huffed and puffed at the hot chicken skewers, taking careful, tiny bites.

It was crunching, but it was crunching so hard that it felt like a small mouse was gnawing on it.

What is.

It's ridiculously cute.

Scarlett slowly ate her chicken skewer. I took a bite and just held it.

"......Somehow I'm the hardest eater."

Charlotte looks back and forth between me and Scarlett and says.

I am nominally from a beggar's background.

Scarlett is actually a beggar.

"Too sweet."

"How sweet do you want it?"

Charlotte cocked her head curiously, and when I held it out for her to try, she looked puzzled.

"Uh....... Huh? Why?"

"No, try it."

"Huh? Huh?"

"What's the matter, is it dirty?"

"Oh, no, that's, that's. Not that, but......?"

"If you don't like it, don't do it."

"Oh, no, it's not dirty!"

When I tried to take it back, Charlotte grabbed my arm and yelped and bit the chicken in my hand.

It feels forced.

Scarlett's eyes widened at the sight.

No, really.

What's the big deal about this? Charlotte blushed, and then shook her head.

"It's not even that sweet."

"It's a matter of taste."

"You're so picky in the wrong places, aren't you?"

Charlotte clicked her tongue at me, as if I were some kind of weirdo. Charlotte looked at Scarlett, who, like me, hadn't taken a bite this time.

"Why Scarlett?"

"This is too spicy."

She picked up a random one and realized it was spicy. When Charlotte glared at her again, Scarlett smirked and held out the chicken skewer she was holding.

"De, de....... Would you like to try it?"

Charlotte whined again, this time taking a big bite out of the chicken skewer Scarlett was holding.

"......."

Charlotte's face began to grimace.

Well.

I thought Scarlett's reaction was a bit of a dud, but I guess not.

"......."

"I'll get some water."

"Well, I shouldn't have given you that either......."

Charlotte hadn't chewed properly, and her mouth was slightly open.

What is this.

What did I eat?

It looks like this.



* * *



We sat down at a nearby fountain to rest.

Charlotte, who had been rinsing her mouth for a long time after gulping down the water I'd bought for her, sulked angrily.

"What! Why are you selling that for money! Shouldn't there be a warning! Who eats that stuff!"

Charlotte touched her lips and frowned.

"It's not spicy, it hurts. It hurts. My lips hurt."

"Can't you eat spicy food?"

"Do I really need to eat that?"

"There are people who eat them, and I just bought the best-selling ones."

Charlotte's mouth dropped open at Scarlett's words.

"Why would you do that?"

"I don't know."

The main street sells all sorts of fancy food, but it's not as spicy as the Royal Class dorms or the dinner I had at the Palace of Spring.

It's an unlikely life for a chili pepper.

Scarlett was nibbling on a chicken skewer that she said was too spicy to eat.

I don't know if he's a spicy eater, but he doesn't look like he's enjoying it.

"Didn't you say it was spicy?"

"Yes."

At my question, Scarlett took another bite.

"It's a waste to throw it away."

"......."

"......."

Charlotte's eyes met mine.

That's a bit of a mouthful.

Scarlett and Charlotte devoured their share of chicken skewers.

I ditched it, but there's more to it than that.

"Can't you eat neatly, you're making a mess!"

I handed them both tissues in anticipation of this.

I resisted the urge to wipe it myself.

I hate getting that stuff on my clothes. It's wet and dripping.

"What the hell, when did that happen!"

"Well, yeah......."

Both Charlotte and Scarlett were horrified to see the sauce on their skirts, the corners of their mouths, and even in their hair, and they wiped it off.

Eventually, they both started eating in a bizarre position where they craned their necks forward.

An empress and a beggar eat chicken skewers in the same position. Both are covered in sauce.

That's a precious picture.

"Eh, it tastes good, but it's uncomfortable to eat."

After tossing the remaining skewers in the trash, Charlotte brushed off her sauce-stained clothes. Of course, spinning didn't get them clean.

"But this is all experience, right? Come on, let's get something else!"

Charlotte led the way excitedly. Scarlett smiled at her.

"Lately, I don't know why, but you seem to be in a good mood."

Charlotte and Scarlett are close in B class. Of course, Charlotte probably doesn't tell Scarlett much. So even though they're close, there's still quite a bit of distance between them.

Still, I know Charlotte cares about Scarlett.

"I don't know what happened, but I'm glad it did."

Just as importantly, Scarlett seemed to care about Charlotte.

Charlotte certainly seemed to be in a good mood.

Suddenly, I understood why Charlotte had skipped dinner on Friday and called us.

Because when the real festivities start, there will be so many people that it will be hard to get around.

Tournament qualifiers start tomorrow, right now.

Even if I had a bracelet enchanted with cognitive impairment magic, I'd still be busy with my life and Scarlett would be busy with hers.

"Doesn't that look delicious?"

Charlotte wanted to get a head start on the festivities with us today.

Charlotte's platinum hair glistened in the Temple's winter lights as she flew through the streets.



* * *



We didn't settle on one place to eat, but rather wandered around and ate our favorite street food.

Instead of ordering three, one person ordered one and shared.

It was fried noodles and it was a drink.

"It's nice to be able to try everything."

Charlotte was obviously new to the experience, but she seemed to enjoy it.

Scarlett was the one who was most baffled by the fact that they were drinking from the same straw. She didn't mind, but Charlotte's nonchalance seemed to be the most surprising.

We also came across some pretty cool stuff.

"Chu, a taste of home......."

"...... Not a very good memory."

She sees a straw in a coconut for sale, so she buys one and takes a sip. Scarlett looks at the coconut in disbelief.

"Man, was this bad......."

"So....... No, it's a different variety, it doesn't taste the same as I remember!"

"It's a beautification, that."

"......, right?"

I'm sure it didn't taste like this when I was drinking coconut water on a deserted island in the scorching summer heat. And it's winter.

In a place with so much to drink and eat, coconut is nothing more than a fishy, foul-tasting nectar. Charlotte giggled as she remembered the desert island.

"Haha, I thought I was dirty with all this stuff on my clothes now, but it's nothing compared to then."

There was no such thing as a palace when the prince, the princess, the grand duchess, or whatever, were all twisted together.

I lived through it in Class A, but Charlotte lived through it in Class B, commanding the moment.

"When it was raining so hard, you were like, this is it?"

"I did."

"When Ashur summoned the light with his divine magic, I felt like I was saved."

"Yeah, me too."

They talk about a mission they did in B class.

"What's with Ludwig catching dozens of fish on his first day....... He's amazing, if only he could use his head better."

"But I think he has a lot of good things going for him."

"Oh, I didn't mean to imply that there were a lot of downsides."

"Yes, I know what you mean."

Watching them interact, I got a sense of how they usually interact. It was mostly Charlotte talking and Scarlett making comments or retorts. Scarlett seemed to be a good listener. Charlotte looked at me as if she thought I was being left out.

"You were great back then, Reinhard."

"I didn't do much."

"I heard from Bertus later that if it weren't for you, he'd be out half the first day."

Bertus said something like that.

I can't believe they're even having a conversation in the first place. Granted, they don't ignore each other outright, but they do growl at each other, so I guess it's a conversation.

Honestly, I didn't take the initiative, I just got in front of the kids who were thinking of giving up.

So Bertus, who was a little out of it, took the reins.

To be fair, I didn't do much.

Bertus' command, Herriot and Adelia's magic to set up camp, and Ellen's hunt.

Even in the final orc hunt, Ellen and Harriet are pretty much done.

Of course, I can't deny that getting started is half the battle, and that I ended up breaking it.

Charlotte holds up the coconut, which tastes like something she remembers but is so different from what she remembers that she finds it strange, and brings her mouth to the straw and takes a sip.

"This year, it's been a long one."

Charlotte looks up at the night sky.

There was too much street light to see the stars.

This is a monumental year for humanity, with the end of the Demon War and the destruction of the Demon Realm.

But in other ways, it's been a long year.

To me and to Charlotte.

There was a lot going on.

At the end of Temple's second semester, with the year coming to a close and the festivities just around the corner, I find myself wrapping up the year and preparing for what's to come at the end.

Charlotte clutched the coconut tightly.

It doesn't taste as good as you remembered, but it still tastes like what you remembered after all.

"Let's do better next year, us."

"Yes."

"I hope so."

Hopefully it's good.

Whatever it is.



* * *



I asked Charlotte if she was going to run for Miss Temple, and she said she wasn't thinking about it. She said it would be funny if she won or not.

If she wins, it's because she's a princess, and if she loses, it's because she's a princess.

Of course, I don't think Olivia is the kind of person who would care about that.

Anyway, Charlotte didn't seem to be planning to do anything at the festival.

But if Charlotte is in the tournament, I think it's a given that she's going to win.

I don't know how far Charlotte can go with her powers, but she did push Savior Tana to the brink. I'm not sure if she can only use it under certain conditions, such as darkness.

Of course, it's unlikely that Charlotte, who fears and hates her own abilities, would enter a tournament and wield a shadow.

Friday passes and it's Saturday.

The royal class dormitory was empty.

Ellen, Riana, and Kliffman should be at Duke Granz's mansion. Harriet and Adelia may have spent the night there, too, doing whatever it is they do at the Institute of Magic. Bertus is back at the castle.

So now there are only five of us left in the dormitory: me, Heinrich, and the Ganodab brothers.

Breakfast time.

While I was eating, Heinrich, who was eating nearby, looked at me.

"Qualifying starts today, right?"

"Uh, yeah."

A guy who hasn't been comfortable since the Edina Archipelago incident, but has learned not to argue.

There are no major restrictions in the tournament. There are no psychic bans, so there's no problem with Heinrich or Riana playing.

But Riana seems to have more fun dressing up, and Heinrich didn't show up.

He clucks his tongue and kicks it.

"If it weren't for you, I'd be out."

He was sure he was going to lose to me, so he didn't want to participate. It's kind of cavalier to hear him say that. It's subtly tickling.

Heinrich seems to believe in my victory, and the Ganodab trio listening next to me don't seem to have much of an opinion.

Conor Lindt suddenly looks around.

None of the sorority sisters who used to give me eye rolls whenever I said something stupid are here now.

"Hey, I heard there's such a thing."

Kono Lint glanced around, then spoke up. Kaiir's curiosity was piqued by the words.

"What?"

"Crossdressing."

"......?"

"Crossdressing?"

"Yeah, apparently they do that. It's not on the same scale as Miss Temple or Mr. Temple, but there's a competition where men dress up as women and women dress up as men."

Erich frowned at that.

"Aren't you crazy, why would you open that?"

"But they do it every year, so it must be well received."

Pageantry.

It makes me dizzy just thinking about it.

I glared at Conor Lint.

"Shut up, any asshole who watches that shit is a pervert."

Answer.

I tell you, I once dressed up as a woman and confessed to Kono Lint.......

Dizzy.

I feel like throwing up.

Shot.

And anxious.

I think something's going to happen.

I'm nervous about the event popping up!



[Event Occurrence - Pageant].

[Purpose: Win a cross-dressing contest].

[Reward: +5 Magic, increased Anti-Magic].



a.......

I'm so dizzy.......

Fucking asshole.

I don't know what the fuck you're doing, but I don't know what the fuck you're doing to me.

"Are you Mr. Reinhardt, A-11, first year Royal Class?"

"It's ......."

"Your entry for the cross-dressing contest has been accepted."

It's you, I'm killing you.





Episode 285.





Receptionist for the Women's Convention at Temple General Headquarters.

I pressed it deep into my hood so no one would recognize me.

"You know, sir."

"I'm not a teacher, but do you have anything else to add, Mr. Reinhardt?"

Please don't say my name!

I'm secretly famous, someone might recognize my name!

There's a bunch of students around me signing up for all sorts of competitions, and I'm the only one in a completely empty pageant registration room!

Kids look at me like that!

Oh, my God, that....... I think he's leaving.

Oops.

The big one.

I think he's embarrassed and wears a hood.

No, but you're going to show your face at the competition anyway.

You're looking at me like this!

"You know, that cross-dressing thing....... Can you keep my identity a secret......."

"Oh, you mean you want me to compete in a cross-dressing contest but keep my identity a secret?"

Don't speak too loudly!

But the receptionist smiled coyly, as if she understood what I meant.

"For detailed competition instructions, please refer to the pamphlet here. Line....... Ah. Hmm. Great."

Nuna.

Don't look at me like that.

I wonder if there are a lot of guys like me.......

No, but I have my reasons.

When the achievement points didn't work, the bastard finally offered to increase my hp. How could I not eat that?

I finished my reception and hurried out of Temple General Headquarters, wondering if anyone would see me.

"Xfoot......."

I muttered to myself and hurried to see if anyone would see me.

Something like a dog.

Dog, dog, dog.

Dog!

Luckily, I didn't run into any familiar faces.



* * *



If it gets out that you're in a cross-dressing contest, you're done.

Why did you leave that?

There's no excuse to talk about it!

If I get caught posting this on a topic where everyone who watches it is a pervert.

It's just a suicide angle.

You....... You actually liked that, didn't you?

No Ellen, no Harriet, no Olivia, no Bertus, no Charlotte.

Everyone who knows me will be appalled.

But I won't be found out. I've asked that my identity be kept secret, and I'll introduce myself as a cross-dresser.

That's what it says in the pamphlet for participants.



[If a participant requests identity protection, the organizers "must" guarantee confidentiality].



It's a contest that's definitely prepared for a guy with a shady hobby.

I'm going to change my face with a ring....... When I get caught, I'll blame it on my makeup....... I shouldn't have gotten caught in the first place.

No one is going to recognize John Doe as Reinhardt because he's going to be wearing a different face. In fact, there's no reason for royalty to go to a cross-dressing contest.

The moderator suddenly says, "Mr. Reinhardt, first year Royal Class!

If you don't do this bullshit, you'll never get caught.

You just have to watch out for assholes like Kono Lint.

Should I threaten to kill her if she goes to the pageant? No, I'm afraid that would make them wonder if I'm in it.

5 hp for an increase in anti-hp.

It's a huge step towards horsepower dominance, and I can see why the anti-horsepower increase would make sense.

That's a good thing, because I have a very good chance of winning.

Why can't I love it?

Why do you always have to make me go through all this crap to give it to you? Just give it to me for free! Why is there a greater reward in enduring shame than fighting for your life?

"Next. The preliminary match between Mr. Reinhardt, Royal Class First Year A-11, and Mr. Olanken von Istua, Dardia Class First Year C-32, will now begin. Please take your places."

I'm so distraught that I can't even see what's going on right now.

First-year tournament qualifiers to determine the main draw.

It wasn't the only qualifying event going on in the huge qualifying arena.

You can't see what they're armed with or what their face looks like.

Now I'm freaking out.

I feel like I'm going to die of frustration.

"......."

It's just that your opponent is very focused on being royalty.

"Start."

On the referee's signal, I lunged at him. I threw down my training sword.

I feel like I'm crossing the line if I pick up a water sword at this point.

Go for the fist.

I just heard it, and I forgot the other person's name.

I'm sorry. An unnamed friend.

-Bam!

"Kick!"

"Reinhardt wins!"

Anyone who meets me today, consider yourself lucky!

You are very sensitive today!



* * *



-Puck!

-Bam!

-Bam!

-Thump!

There was a monster on the loose at the Group C qualifier.

"What's that....... What's that......?"

"Royal Class......."

Unarmed. Whether they're using a sword, club, or spear, they'll charge at you at a speed that's too fast for your eyes to follow and finish you off in one fell swoop.

Armament basically means distance. If you have the advantage in distance, you have first strike.

This is why a sword has an advantage over a bare hand in an armored fight, not to mention a spear has an advantage over a sword.

However, with the overwhelming penalty of bare-handedness on his shoulders, he's faced with the prospect of losing the fight if he allows a single hit, and he rushes in to take down his opponent before he has a chance to attack.

"No, not even royal class. He's probably a first year like us......."

"It's famous in the royal class."

If you're like most students, you aspire to Royal Class and the now-defunct Orbis Class.

The Orbis class is not the object of much jealousy; they've earned it through hard work.

But the perception of royalty is a little different.

Talent.

Guys who get in based on that alone.

As such, they are often the target of jealousy and envy. It's not as bad as the envy of Orbis' classmates, but it's still there.

But when they saw a monster that could end any fight in five seconds while faking a servant's face for something very offensive, they had to change their minds.

Overwhelming physical prowess that makes all the non-skills every student has ever learned irrelevant.

That's royal class.

What have we learned so far, and what have I been training myself to do?

The existence of a royal class makes you feel unfair, but seeing how good they are makes you feel self-deprecating.

What's a knight and what's a melee specialist, there's no way I'm going to be in the same line as that monster.

And, as much as I hate it, I can't help but agree.

If you're that good, you deserve to be treated that way.

A place that breeds monsters like that, a place that makes you feel like you don't even have a chance against them.

Obviously, they deserve special treatment in the Empire.

"...... Me, I'm abstaining. How do you beat a guy like that?"

If you're not in your bracket and you're in Group C, you're going to end up fighting that monster.

Many students walked out without a fight.



* * *



Preliminary Round Group C.

This is the group I'm in.

Each group competes in a tournament-style qualifier, with the group winner advancing to the main event.

There were thirty-two finalists.

There will be thirty-two group stage matches over the weekend.

I qualified by sticking where I was told to stick, going where I was told to go, and sticking again.

Suddenly.

"......The winner of Group C is Reinhardt, Royal Class A-11, as the last competitor has withdrawn."

I stared at the back of his head as he walked down the aisle, not even thinking about fighting across from him.

I immediately looked around.

All the students who were eliminated from the preliminaries were looking at me like I was some kind of monster.

I check myself, not a drop of sweat, not a scratch.

In the exam room, I check my distance from the students who look at me in awe.

Is this the distance.

I said that the royal class is scattered with bastards who are no different than the regular class.

After all, that's where the talent and skills are that the regular class can't match.

Even the self-loathing Erhi de Lapaeri, who I dismiss as a gadfly, would be able to qualify here and easily knock those guys out.

I see the distance in their eyes.

I'm very, very far from these guys.

It's gone.

I know that stare.

I know what that stare means.

That gaze, that's the way I sometimes look at Ellen.

Suddenly, I wasn't looking at someone with that gaze, I was being looked at by someone else.

The way they looked at me was too far away.

It's the kind of gaze that sees a different kind of being, one that you can't even recognize as the same human being.

I can't be like them anymore. And never will be.



* * *



Won Group C. Breezed through to the main draw.

The main draw is divided into four groups of eight players each, labeled A, B, C, and D.

The group winner fights the other group winner to determine the winner, and the last man standing fights for the championship trophy.

I didn't meet Orvis or Ludwig in qualifying.

The organizers are thinking, too, so they've balanced the groups. They're not going to do something stupid like put the favorites in the same group.

It's a tournament, after all, and it's a festival.

The favorites won't be placed in the same group in the main draw.

So, even in the main event, I won't be meeting Ludwig or any other potential Orbis class participants in the early rounds.

If you're from the Orbis class, you're most likely going to see freshman A-1 Gladen Amorel.

I don't know why he would enter when he was supposed to be in the runner-up position, beating Ludwig and losing to Ellen in the final.

If I were to compete, could I win?

I think I'll be able to beat him if the enchantment moves properly.

In Ludwig's case, I'll win, and in Gladen Amorell's case, he'll have to get serious.

Grade-level tournaments will be held on a Monday and Tuesday schedule. On Monday, we'll have the main bracket, and on Tuesday, we'll have the semifinals, finals, and placings for the group winners.

On Wednesday, there's....... Well, there's a cross-dressing contest.

Friday will be the finale of the festival, with the Mr. and Miss Temple contest and the finals of the unlimited weight tournament.

The Unlimited tournament will also have qualifiers today and tomorrow.

The unlimited tournaments are actually the biggest draw.

After Tuesday, when the grade-level tournament winners are crowned, the main event of the unlimited tournament will begin on Thursday.

I'm going to give it a shot.

By the way, how's Herriot doing.......

He thought today was a qualifier.

I won easily because I was playing against freshmen, and I wouldn't be surprised to see him get knocked out of an unlimited tournament, which is usually played by upperclassmen.

I think he's really hurting if he doesn't make it to the finals.......

That's not what I expected.

"You won?"

Herriot shrugged nonchalantly.

"......How?"

"It doesn't matter how, it's a win-win."

What the heck did they do?

Herriot knocked out the upperclassmen in a near-melee?

Harriet stuck her tongue out at me, saying she wouldn't tell me, and then stormed out of the dormitory. She's going to the Hufflepuff manor.

It's going to be like that in a couple days?

No.

No.

"I'm going to try harder, more.

Herriot had been trying to be strong since long before those words, when he'd lamented not being able to go to the Darklands with us.

Herriot continued to work on becoming a mage in his own right, or more accurately, getting used to fighting.

This would be the payoff.

That, by the way.

Did he stop by my dorm to tell me he won his group?

Why is he so cute?



* * *



Sunday.

"......Sir, I think I may have misheard you."

"You heard right......."

"......."

I've said a lot of mean things to Elise.

But this time, it just didn't seem to make sense to her. I get it. Surely, surely, I get it.

"You need a dress......?"

"I said......."

If this makes sense, it gets weirder.

Pageantry.

You'll need clothes. You'll also need a wig, although you can make your hair longer with Sarkegar's Ring.

Riana might be appalled that I would do such a bizarre thing, but I think she'd end up giggling and torturing me with it.

Of course I wouldn't be able to choose that option!

Beyond a lifetime of teasing, I want to strangle myself when I think about how Ellen and Cliff will see me.

But I'm not supposed to be discerning.

So, I'm whining because she's the only person I've ever confided in.

I want you to pick out a dress.

"It's a cross-dressing contest................"

"......that's what happened."

"What the hell....... that......?"

Eleris's lips were quivering.

My kid....... It was already weird, but it got weirder.......

Gaze.

"Well, it's very important and necessary for me, but I can't go into details."

"......You mean something to do with the future?"

"Well, so to speak......."

My growth, to be exact. Eleris was still confused.

"I mean, there's no way in hell that....... What your cross-dressing has to do with preparing for the future....... I don't know, but......."

Even Eleris's eyes were shaking violently. Eleris....... I'm about ten million times more upset than you are.......

"But I'm sure you have a plan."

I have a plan.......

Some asshole wants to give me a stat boost if I win a crossdressing contest....... Such a shitty plan.......

"I....... Come on, degradation."

Eleris watched my expression die and seemed to know that I didn't want to do this either.

Elise pats me on the shoulder, dying of misery.

After all, she's the only one who knows how I feel.





Episode 286.





Even the crazy, rootless event called a cross-dressing competition is called a competition after all. It is a legitimate event, promoted by the Student Government Association and approved by Temple.

Not only is there a prize for the winner, but it's a well-structured competition.

The good news is that there are so few participants that there are no qualifiers.

We don't need cross-dressing dudes doing charm offensive bullshit to get to the finalists.

Straight to the finals. They come out by number, make their pitch, go around the room, and then we vote for a winner.

You can't become a completely different person, but you can put on a different outfit and change your vibe a little bit, and if someone who knows you sees you, they won't be able to tell.

I have a cheat key for this situation, the Ring of Sarkhegar.......

I feel like such a dog for saying this, but.......

There's no way there's anyone prettier than me there.......

So first, we need a dress to wear to the competition.

And you have to decide what kind of bullshit you're going to do to sell yourself....... what kind of bullshit to do when appealing.......

Should we dance or sing?

I really, really want to cry. I can't tell you how many times I've been frustrated and sad about my life here, but I've never been so frustrated that I feel like I'm going to cry.

To me....... What are you really doing to me.......

You must never be seen as Reinhardt, lest anyone guess it's you. You'll also need to tuck in your usual shitty temper.

If you suddenly turn around and do a hard turn, somebody might say, "That's Reinhardt, isn't it?

Most of the people who come to the tournament don't know me, but there are some who have heard of my notoriety, and I think there's a very high probability that Kono Lint will come.

It didn't take long for Eleris to return.

Empty-handed.

"Hmmm....... Well, first of all. that....... I went to the boutique and saw....... Most of the dresses are custom made, so....... They say they have to take your measurements and make them....... Of course, there are some made-to-order ones, but....... It's not quite right for you to wear......."

"......."

My height is about 181.

You can turn into the Ring of Sarkegar, but it's an adventure to adjust your height just in case.

Why did you leave the pageant?

No, but he was short back then.

What did you do?

You might say, "Well, I'd rather be short than tall.

"Let's get her a dress with a long skirt. You'll be able to say you were bending your legs, and you'll be a little shorter."

"Oh, you mean hoop skirts."

I don't know what that means, but I think it's called a hoop skirt.

Shorten your height with Sarkozy's ring. If you cover your legs with a bulky hoop skirt dress, you'll have the excuse that you were bending your knees if you get caught.

Now that I'm shorter, they're less likely to recognize me.

As long as the organizers are good at keeping it secret.

I feel like I'm losing, but I can't help it, because I'm already preparing myself for discovery. Body shape is something that I can control to a certain extent, so I can make my body fit the clothes instead of the clothes fitting my body.

Eleris said she'd better get back to work then, and turned to leave.

"Well, that....... I think the sleeves should be, uh, long."

If you could see my biceps, that would be a little weird, too! Hearing my words, Elise's lips trembled again and she nodded.

"Oh, that....... Yeah....... degradation."

Sickness.

Fucking real.

I seriously hate myself for thinking about how to be a proper crossdresser!

Still....... I have to win.......

You can't help it if you want to win....... I'd really want to kill myself if I came in second.......

As I waited for Elise, who had gone out to buy a dress, I stared blankly at the ceiling, my mouth open.

The appeal is....... What the hell am I supposed to do.......

Someone, please, kill me.



* * *



In the end, all I did on Sunday was prepare for a cross-dressing contest.

Right now I have to focus on the main event of the tournament, which starts tomorrow.......

Why do I feel like I'm treating the pageant more importantly?

As for the dress, Elise had brought a booklet of designs from the boutique and flipped through them. The design was one thing, but it was the sleeves and skirt that mattered. She picked a dress in the style of that wedding dress, called a hoop skirt.

And bringing the dress you bought in a trunk.

I've been beating myself up, but in the end, I can't let it go to waste.

As I said.

There's no point in rushing to the top if you're not prepared.

If we don't win first place, this whole thing is bullshit.

"......."

"......."

I was now, finally, trying on the dress Elise had bought. That was on my list of priorities.

Something you can wear by yourself.

So, I was now wearing the dress that Elise had bought.

I didn't change her face shape, but I did adjust her height to match her hair and dress length.

To make sure that no one would recognize me, I changed my hair color to silver instead of my usual blonde. I don't want my hair color to be so different that it makes me look different.

Elise looked at me with a lukewarm expression.

"......Say something."

If it's a dog, at least say it's a dog!

"Why in the world would you do this......."

Eleris pursed her lips in embarrassment.

There is no Demon Realm, but a Demon Realm lord is currently having his cross-dressing examined by an underling, and if he doesn't get a psychotic break, that's weird.

"That, but....... This, strangely....... you look good."

Damn!

Don't pat yourself on the back!

"That's the important thing, do you recognize me?"

"What? It's just a change in hair color....... I don't think it's made much of a difference......."

It makes sense. After all, it's the original version and I'm not wearing any makeup, so it's unmistakably me.

"Mirror....... Do you want to see it?"

"......."

Unsightly.

I don't want to look dirty.

"Show me......."

Still, you have to see it.

Eleris summoned a reflective barrier from thin air. I saw myself in the mirror formed by the magic.

Reinhard (silver hair, dress), who seemed to carry all the cares and worries of the world, stared at me.

Rumbles.

Dizzy.

I....... Why would I?

Is this my karma after all?

I think it all started when I played the trick of turning into Sarkegar's ring and being confessed by Kono Lint? Didn't I show him that possibility when he didn't even know it was possible in the first place? Now that I think about it, it's all my fault for turning around and looking at my karma?

It's very sad, but it's not that weird, it's just that Reinhardt makes himself look good when setting up his appearance.

But problem.

I can't help but recognize that it's me from a distance, but up close, I'm the one who knows.

You need to do the following

"That....... will still be....... if I start it?"

Elise carefully laid out the makeup she'd bought in front of me.

Elise said she didn't know how to apply makeup. It was a skill she had no reason to know.

So, she said, she learned how to do makeup with properties while walking around looking at dresses in boutiques.

I don't know how much she learned about makeup in that short time, but I wouldn't worry about it. Elyse is Elyse, so I figured she'd be good at it.

The problem is, it's not her face, it's my face.

I shed the uncomfortable dress once and for all, and sank into a chair.

You've tried on the dress, you don't need to wear it anymore.

The only time I've worn it since then has been to a women's pageant.

"Whoa....... Okay, let's do this."

"For example, ......."

I felt like I was on a death row.



* * *



I'd rather be in a situation where I'm going to Miss Temple. I'd just be a different person altogether, and I think I'd be more comfortable with that.

But this is a cross-dressing contest, and Reinhardt signed up for it in the first place.

I have to accomplish the bizarre goal of looking like a completely different person, while maintaining Reinhardt's appearance as much as possible. In reality, the organizers will keep my identity a secret, but they know it, and they'll think it's weird if someone else shows up.

So I changed the color and length of my hair and called it a wig.

And makeup. Thicker makeup could make you look like a completely different person. The funny thing was, Eleris seemed to be very good at it, considering how quickly she'd learned. Her dexterity wasn't mediocre, but she'd seen it all before.

I could only look at Elise with a dying look on my face.

Importantly, Eleris can't enter the temple.

There are two ways to do this

You can learn how to apply makeup from Eleris, or you can visit her on the day of the competition to get your makeup done and return to the Temple.

They're both like dogs.

"......."

Both Elise and I had the same dying look on our faces.

Elise's eyes are wide as if she has no idea what she's doing, but she's applying makeup to me, and I'm not talking to her.

But as she applied more and more makeup, Elise's expression became more and more grotesque.

What's....... with a look on his face like he wants to know.

"......What's wrong with you?"

"That....... That....... what......."

Eleris's lips quiver.

"You look so good in this......."

"......mirror."

I could see the face with the makeup almost done.

"......damn."

I see.

Too much makeup.

There's a little too much makeup on Elise, but basically the original is fine, so I feel like I can do whatever I want with it.

Then Reinhardt's face isn't even my face in the first place, it's technically just a character customization.

That you can change at will.

I can't even remember what the original version of Valerie looks like now. I mean, technically, it's fine.

I've been on Reinhardt's face longer, so this side feels more like my face.

Anyway.

It's weirdly okay, which makes it even more annoying.

Here's the thing.

"......looks like Reinhardt to me."

"Well, yes....... ."

Reinhardt's face is not intentionally made that way, but I have a strong impression that it is because of his life.

So it's like a real-life version of "What if Reinhardt had been born a girl?".

Even if you don't immediately recognize me, I'm sure anyone who knows me will inevitably say something like, "Isn't that Reinhardt's sister?" or "Does Reinhardt have a sister?".

I imagined Kono Lint asking me to introduce him to my sister.

This is the worst.......

Makeup can only take you so far. You've succeeded in making yourself look good, but you can't hide it.

Now we come to our final task.

"I need to do something about these dirty eyes first."

Ever so subtly, we get into detailed molding. The Ring of Sarkhegar, using its power.

Soften the angry eyes a bit, and make the jawline a bit thinner, not overly noticeable, but just a tiny bit.

Let's put the self-pity aside for now.

I win.

Do whatever it takes to win!

It took me three months of fine-tuning in the mirror.

It feels like you're saving a preset, and you're memorizing this look just like you memorized Reinhardt's look.

By the time I was done, I thought my eyeballs were going to fall out.

"......."

"......why."

"Now it's him, unless it's a girl....... I have a strange feeling....... I think I'm at that level....... That, I'll stop."

Just when I thought I was dying of praise, Elise spoke up.

Right.

If a girl doesn't have a face like this....... That's even weirder.......

"But....... The more I look at this, the more I think it's Reinhardt's sister or Reinhardt's brother......."

"For example, ......."

Since you can't touch the big picture, whether you're changing the color of your hair or fine-tuning your face, you're bound to end up being a derivative of Reinhardt.

That doesn't mean you can't reverse them all.

It's like hell. Eleris hesitantly opened her mouth, struggling to speak.

"Degraded....... I think I know what the problem is......."

"What is it?"

"Facial expressions."

Elise pointed to my face in the mirror.

"Facial expressions are the problem."

My expression in the mirror.

I can see the look of death on their faces, and I know they're stressed as hell. You feel like your nerves are on the verge of exploding.

Yes.

This is the facial expression default for the Reinhardt mk.I.

My usual dirty look. I don't have dirty eyes in the first place, I just have a look that makes my eyes look dirty.

But I'm even more stressed about this preparation, so my face is ten times dirtier than usual.

So, right now, I'm about ten times more Reinhardtian than usual.

"Look....... You should try smiling......."

"I'm not in the mood to laugh at ......."

What's not to laugh at in the mirror after this shit?

but that didn't work out.

The corners of my mouth quirked upward.

Forcing a smile was harder than I thought it would be.

Oh, shit, practice smiling in the mirror. What kind of announcer are you?

"Joe, a little more crispness......."

"Working on it......."

You need to put a smile on your face when you're feeling like crap.

It was to die for.

Eleris is right that facial expressions are a problem.

"Apparently....... seems to be working."

All I had to do was change my facial expression, and I looked like a completely different person.

I don't even recognize it.

It's just that I've changed my usual frown to a smiley face.

Eventually, another hour passed, and another, and another, until it was the middle of the night and I was practicing smiling in Eleris' semi-subterranean room.

Finally.

"This is....... It's perfect, it's like a different person altogether."

"Yeah......?"

In the mirror, I saw myself smiling disgustingly, even though my mind had been pulverized into dust and shattered.

I see.

It never looked like Reinhardt.

That's it, you're all set for the pageant.

This is what it's like to have sour water coming out of your stomach. No, it's bitter water coming out of your stomach.

That night, I almost cried in my sleep.

No.......

It was really, kinda, kinda neat.





Episode 287.





The outskirts of Saint-Thion, a provincial city in the Duchy of Saint-Thuan.

Adriana was settling back into monastic life. Calm, serene, and uneventful. Adriana's daily routine was tranquil, a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of the temple.

"Sister, the Mother Superior is calling for you."

"Oh, yeah. I see."

Adriana left the prayer room at the call of another nun and walked slowly down the deserted hallway.

Where there's no reason to rush.

Where everything is quiet and secluded.

It's not a pleasant place to be, but Adriana has re-acclimatized to the landscape and is content.

There were faces that came to mind from time to time, but he pushed them out of his mind.

So, you should probably forget about it.

-Smart

"This is Adriana. You said you wanted to talk to me, so here's......."

-Come in.

The abbess, Melia, has been caring for her since she was very young and is practically her biological mother.

Of course, when Adriana was very young, someone else was the abbess, but when the previous abbess passed away, Melia took over.

She was mourning Adriana's return from the Temple; she had sent her there in hopes that she could use her talents to help more people.

But in the end, Adriana chose to return, and while the abbot was saddened by this, he did not reprimand her.

Abbess Melia of Artouan sat in her unadorned, book-filled study, looking at herself with a gentle smile.

"Have a seat."

"Yes."

Adriana sat down in a wooden chair, and she sat across from me.

There was nothing fancy about the place, just austerity.

The only thing of value here is a book. The Artouan Monastery is difficult for thieves to get into, but if they do, they'd rather leave their belongings behind.

The owner of a frugal house of such believers.

Abbess Melia looks at Adriana with a gentle smile.

"What is monastic life like, Adriana?"

"Very well, sir."

"Is it hard to get used to?"

"Yes, everyone has been as nice as ever......."

Adriana's socialization was not a problem, as everyone had taken great care of her since her return from the temple. As is the case now, the abbess would call Adriana in periodically to talk to her to make sure she was adjusting well.

"Do you regret leaving Temple? If you've changed your mind now, I can talk to you about it."

"No problem, sir."

Though not coercive, Melia would occasionally ask if she wanted to return to the Temple. Adriana's answer, of course, was predetermined.

She didn't want any more chaos. It was the best thing for her to spend the rest of her life in this calm, peaceful place, Adriana thought.

"Is that right....... You're still firm on this one."

"Yes."

Adriana had no desire to return to the Temple.

She'd be lying if she said she hadn't, but for now, she was content. Melia pushed herself up from the table.

"Why don't we go for a long walk?"

"Yes, sir."

It was a good thing for Adriana to talk to the chief, so she didn't hesitate to follow.

Melia went outside the monastery, not inside.

Outside the provincial capital city of the Duchy of Saint-Thon.

With the exception of the Artouan Monastery, the area around the monastery was deserted.

It was winter, and the dry grass was blowing in the wind.

"It's windy."

"Oh, thank you. Mr. Director."

Melia placed her hand on Adriana's shoulder, and a faint white glow enveloped her body, sending warmth through her.

Together they walked through the frosty winters, not in cloaks but in the warmth of divine power.

"Adriana."

"Yes, sir."

"It's been a year since the devil fell."

"......, that's right."

It's a story after the end of some grand narrative, after something humanity hadn't asked for had been accomplished.

The Demon Realm, which had terrorized humanity for so long, was destroyed, and the Demon King was defeated by a warrior.

Humanity has achieved the victory it has long sought. Adriana wasn't sure why the abbess was suddenly talking about such things. But Melia had always told her stories that helped her, starting with this one, so Adriana walked alongside her in silence.

"The devil has fallen, and all the demons who serve him are gone, so the wishes of mankind have been fulfilled, and the wishes of our faithful have been fulfilled, right?"

"Yes."

Demons in the service of demigods.

If the enemy of mankind was demons, then the enemy of the believers in the Five Great Gods was the forces of demonism.

Now that the demons have fallen, so will the followers of demons among men. Adriana had no objection to the idea that this was also a victory for the Great Lord.

"But I think it's both a victory and a crisis."

"What's a crisis......?"

Adriana shook her head.

Melia stares at the winter landscape with deep eyes.

"The empire is beginning to fear the power of the Lord's Church."

"ah......."

"In the Jinni Crusaders, gathered for sacred duty, to fulfill the will of their masters, they see the beginnings of a rebellion. What an act of unfaithfulness."

Adriana had never heard Melia talk like this before.

"The Empire needed the power of the Five Lords to win the Demon War, and now that the hunt is over, they want to persecute us like boiled hounds."

"Persecution......?"

"Yes. The Empire is increasingly trying to step into untouchable territory. They've already been in."

Melia turned her head to look at Adriana. Those eyes were not the eyes of her mother, the always gentle and kind Melia that Adriana remembered.

The anger and hatred seemed to breathe in it.

"You've already shown your imperial ambitions by replacing the Crusader Knights with your own, Adriana."

"......!"

Adriana's breath caught in her throat. Adriana's lip trembles, and she speaks cautiously.

"That, that's....... The former leader of the Crusader Knights of....... for what he did to......."

"Adriana, that would be imperial propaganda."

Rumors are fed, and the truth is distorted.

"The last Grand Master of the Crusade was a man who accomplished the feat of demonic subjugation. The Empire, fearing that the Crusaders might rise up, was a force to be reckoned with."

Adriana's eyes widened when she heard that.

The leader of the Crusader Knights was caught trying to torture his foster daughter, and was dismissed for his crimes.

In an effort to keep the current Crusaders and their leader in check, the Empire has replaced them with rumors and fabricated evidence.

The latter was a lie, but the Empire actually had such intentions.

People eat rumors that are good to eat, not rumors that are reliable.

The latter was a delicious rumor for the faithful, that the imperial persecution of the Five Great Houses had begun.

But Adriana knows the truth.

He and Reinhardt discovered the truth. It was another first-year classmate who actually found out, but he was very close to the truth.

The abbot doesn't realize it's something he's directly involved in, so he believes the replacement of the Crusader Knights is an Imperial conspiracy.

"If nothing else, the next Crusader Commander is pro-Empire, so that shouldn't be a problem."

It's too far from the ecliptic.

The removal and replacement of the Crusader Chief was perceived by many as religious persecution.

Leviathan Lance is a hero of the War on Demons. His actions, while inevitably leading to his removal from the position of Crusader Knight Commander, were ultimately unpopular with the majority of the religious population.

In reality, firing a Crusader Knight is not something the Empire decides to do, nor is it something it can do.

The decisions of the five papal conclaves are believed by religious to be imperial pressure.

"Adriana, it is a religious virtue to stay out of the affairs of politics, but when politics begins to persecute religion, it is a matter of concern."

That's why Melia, the Artouan abbess, hasn't spoken about politics in her life, but now she does because she believes the Empire is cracking down on religion.

Melia stares at Adriana with deep eyes.

"The Templars are a unifying organization that exists for the fellowship of the saints of the Five Great Houses now that the Demon Realms are gone. The unfaithful will misunderstand it, misrepresent its intentions, decide it is a threat to the Empire, and seek to dismantle it."

The Crusader Knights unite the power of the Five Great Houses.

This was an unprecedented organization.

While the Crusader Knights were created to subdue the Demon Realm, they were not an organization that could be disbanded just because the Demon Realm was gone.

The Knights of the Temple also served to bring together and communicate with members of each of the five major orders.

If the Empire tries to dismantle the Crusaders, there will be consequences.

But even though the Empire hasn't said anything, religious people like Melia believe the crackdown has already begun.

This is how the battle between demons and humans began.

They have no intention of attacking each other, but they imagine that they will, and they have prepared a formidable army.

That's why wars are wars.

What people do when they start to believe in violence that doesn't exist.

"We can't stand still, Adriana."

"Whoa, Director......."

"We must unite the power of the Five Great Houses, and stand against the Empire."

Naturally, we prepare for violence.

But Adriana was both horrified and intrigued by Melia's words.

The Artouan Monastery is not an armed group. Adriana doesn't know how they're supposed to work together, what the hell is going on, or why they're telling her this story.

"Adriana, the Order with No Name needs you."

The Order of the Nameless.

Adriana was a new name to me.

Melia stays still and grabs Adriana's hand, leading her somewhere.

"Adriana, I'm afraid to send you off on your own, but the person you're going to see has promised to protect you as much as she can, and she says you won't be in any danger."

"Nu, who....... Who are you meeting......?"

In the winter wind.

As Adriana crossed the hill, she could see a wagon parked on the side of the road and several people standing beside it.

They were all strangers, but Adriana recognized one face.

That's it.

Adriana thought she understood why the abbess of St. Thion, outside the ecliptic, had said this to her. Melia held Adriana's hand gently.

"You've been swept up in the empire's machinations, you've been wronged, and now it's up to you to restore your honor."

Adriana could see why Melia was relieved to send her to someone.

If you don't know the details, there's no reason to be afraid to entrust yourself to this person.

"Are you Adriana?"

"......."

Adriana couldn't help but go white at the sight of the cold, middle-aged man.

Leader of the Crusader Legion, Reverie Ranze.

He stared at Adriana.

I could tell by the look in his eyes.

Leverier Lance clearly knew that Adriana was involved in his wave.

You know and find.

But Abbess Melia didn't know that.

"He's a good boy, but he's got a hard heart. You're in good hands, sir. Please take care of Adriana."

"Don't worry. I know it's a great wood."

That's why she hands Adriana over to Leviathan so easily. She gives Adriana to Leviathan because she believes him to be innocent.

Melia, who had trusted and followed her like a mother, was now a member of a mysterious secret society. Reverie Ranze placed a hand on Adriana's frozen shoulder.

"Don't be so shaky. Adriana."

Adriana shudders, barely able to open her mouth. Leviathan's cold gaze bore into Adriana's.

"You'd think I'd done something terribly wrong."

Why the hell are you taking yourself there.

What's up with Leviathan?

Adriana couldn't tell anything.





Episode 288.





Monday.

It's the start of the long-awaited Temple Festival, and I have a week of work ahead of me.

For one week starting today, the Temple will be open to all civilians.

Of course, it's mostly parents who come to the temple to see their children. With students coming from all over the continent, some parents come to visit their children for the festival, while others are just zodiac people who come to enjoy the temple festivities.

Of course, in this case, the safety of Temple students is our top priority, so restricted areas are in place, and security is much higher than usual.

But even if you're well-protected, you're still going to get a lot of people.

The opening of the temple to civilians means that it is during these festivals that the temple is most vulnerable.

While this year is uneventful, next year's holiday festivities, just before the gates open, will capitalize on the vulnerable moment and cause a ruckus.

But I'm not even sure if that's going to happen.

If history is any indication, the accident could happen this year.

If the Black Order were to come to the Temple, this would be the easiest time to do it. They haven't said whether they're coordinating internally or not.

If they come, I'll have to deal with them, and I'm pretty sure they won't try to kill me, at least.

Anyway, Monday.

It's a festive time of year, but we're not on vacation yet.

Clifford, Ellen, and Riana all returned to their dorms.

All the students of Royal Class were now assembled in the main hall under the direction of the Student Council.

In front of the entire Royal Class gathered on the first floor, Student Council President Ceres van Owen stood at the top of the stairs.

"Starting today, the Gradias Temple festival will run for a week."

She used honorifics because she was in front of the whole school.

"Normally, the Orbis Class and the Royal Class would participate in the opening ceremony at the Great Stadium, but as you know, this year all of the official events and schedules that are supposed to take place during the festivities have been canceled, including the opening ceremony."

"So, very unusually, the Royal Class has been granted unlimited free time during the festival. Students who wish to participate in tournaments or festivals on a personal basis are free to do so."

"This year, you just have to enjoy the festivities. If you want to do something, do it, if you want to play, play. You've worked hard all year, and you can participate in activities to recognize your accomplishments, or you can just kick back and relax."

"We don't have any official event precautions, but we'll spread general precautions."

"We have a significant number of civilians in the temple right now. They come from all walks of life and all walks of status. We ask you not to get into unnecessary confrontations with civilians, and we ask you not to get into confrontations with them."

"There are always a number of frictions between students and civilians at Temple festivals, some of which are the students' mistakes, some of which are the civilians' mistakes. If an unidentified civilian puts undue pressure on you, you can ask a nearby guard for help and it will be dealt with immediately. There is a lot of security at the moment, so you'll see Temple guards everywhere. Of course, if you put pressure or show of force, it will be dealt with as well."

In short, don't get in trouble and don't get hurt. Ceres van Owen looked down at her students after she finished.

"As President of the Royal Class, I would like to wish you a successful year with these festivities."

It's a celebration of all the hard work that every Temple student has put in during the year. So play, have fun, and then relax as you head into winter break.

Of course.

For me, it felt less like a break after a hard run and more like a final gateway to get through the year.

Tournaments validate how much I've improved from not being able to do anything at the beginning of the semester.

If I win the Grade 1 tournament, I'll see how far I can go in the main event of the Unlimited tournament.

Miss and Mr. Temple.

And a freaking cross-dressing contest.

Let's get over this hump and take a breather.

"Have a great festival. Over."

With that, the festivities began, with some students rushing out of the dormitory as if they had been waiting for this moment, and others returning to their dormitories with sullen expressions on their faces, as if they didn't care about the festivities.

Herriot was moving with a group of people.

They were members of the Society for the Study of Magic.

-You guys play, I'm fine.

-No, it's okay, let's go.

-This is really good.......

-I've still got a lot of work to do, and the main event is just around the corner.

The members of the first-year Magical Research Society gathered around, led by Herriot.

-Junior, are you practicing today or not?

And then there's Redina.

-Ah, yeah....... I was thinking about it, but you can go to the festival.......

-No, this is more fun!

-Well, that's.......

Apparently, the Magical Research Society is backing Herriot in the Unlimited tournament.

He never told me how he did it, but he won his group in an unlimited tournament and advanced to the main event.

I wouldn't have done it myself, but he did.

Herriot's level of skill in combat means that it's very likely that his combat skills are on par with mine, and possibly better, even with very few hits.

I've been hit, bruised, rolled over, and groped.

Herriot felt the desire to be a good fighter, and he was succeeding.

So rather than enjoying the festivities, Heriot seems to be focusing on preparing for an unlimited tournament. Apparently, the members of the Magical Research Society are helping out.

The same majors are coming together to create synergies that are separate from the work I've already ordered.

This is a good thing.

Herriot made eye contact with me before heading toward the Ministry of Magic.

I'm sure he'll come over to watch, but he'll be busy doing his own thing.

After a brief, apologetic glance, Harriet left the dorm.

I mean, it's not like it's a big deal, so why feel bad about it?

Herriot left the dorm.

I was at the back of the line for the Class A dorm, and at the front was Ellen.

You've spent the weekend trying things on and trying to figure out what to do at Miss Temple.

He turns his head and looks at me.

I left Temple on Friday and returned late last night, so it's been a few days since we've seen each other.

Makeup is something I'd have done in The Duchess of Granz, but of course, Ellen is bare-chested now and her outfit is just a school uniform.

"?"

Ellen shakes her head as I glare at her.

By the way.

What should I say?

I don't think it's much different from the usual, but I don't know if it looks any prettier.

-Ellen! Come to my room. My new makeup order just came in this morning.

-Ah, yeah.

Ellen stared at me, then was grabbed by Riana's arm and dragged away.

-Do I have to call you?

-Ah. Uh, yeah.......

-Isn't it time for you to take charge? What's wrong with the kid?

-Me, sorry.......

Ellen on the right, Cliffman on the left.

Riana dragged herself away.

Ellen was glaring at me as she was being dragged away.

Are you debating whether or not to come to the tournament today?

What to say.

Rather than enjoying it, everyone seems busier than usual.......

It's a festival, and I want it to be festive.

It felt like that.

"Reinhardt!"

-Wrong!

"What the hell!"

Suddenly, Olivia wrapped her arms around my back and I jumped in surprise.

"Let's go play with my sister, there's so much we want to eat and do!"

Olivia looks at me with a twinkle in her eye.

"I'm busy with the first grade tournament finals today."

"Oh, right, so can I show you around today?"

"If it comes, it comes, and if it doesn't, it doesn't."

As Olivia was talking, her eyes met Ellen's as she was being pulled away by Riana in the distance.

"Hey, you said Miss Temple was coming out."

"Yes....... That's right."

Olivia unwinds her arms from around me and looks back and forth between me and Ellen.

"Are you going to take a picture of me?"

I had no answer, and Olivia pinched my cheek.

"An empty-headed idiot."

Olivia smirked, then went off somewhere.



* * *



Monday.

There are tons of events, performances, and activities going on throughout the temple, but I was far from the hustle and bustle of the festivities.

Today is the day of the first grade tournament finals. The tournament finals for each grade level will continue in the same stadium, and the seats will be filled with spectators.

I'm in Group A. It's my first match.

There are a total of 32 first-year finalists.

Round of 32, Round of 16, and Round of 8.

There are three matches left to play, with the semifinals and final tomorrow.

To prepare for the first grade tournament, I teamed up with Ludwig and Scarlett.

Needless to say, Scarlett and Ludwig also qualified.

Ludwig looked at the bracket and smiled pleasantly.

"I just happened to be in the wrong group, thank goodness."

I was in Group A, Scarlett was in Group B, and Ludwig was in Group C. We won't see each other until the winner of our group is crowned.

If we're playing each other in a tournament, it's at least a semifinal.

"Is that a coincidence?"

"Did you do this on purpose, then?"

Ludwig.......

My sins are great for making you this way.

"Sure, why not, if you put the favorites in a group, there's nothing to see later."

"Oh, I see......."

There are four main brackets.

Groups A, B, and C have people from the royal class.

And there are some familiar names in the Group D bracket.

Gladen Amorell.

The Orbis class is gone, but it's joined by a guy who moved to the regular class.

There may have been other girls from the Orbis class, but I didn't recognize their names. Nilsonia or Rilka Aaron or Ender Wilton or something.

There may have been some unknowns in the mix, but we've got Gladen Amorelle in Group D for now.

If we win our group, who will we play against Gladen Amorelle?

We don't know yet.

We were on our way to the stadium where the main event of the tournament was being held. There, we'll play three matches today, followed by the semifinals and finals tomorrow.

Ludwig was laughing heartily.

"The kids are coming over later, what if I get nervous?"

There are only two finalists in the B class. So they're coming to watch the tournament as a group, except for a few... to watch Ludwig and Scarlett compete, to be exact.

Apparently, they're all coming except for the Magic Society.

How about mine.

Ellen and Harriet probably won't be able to make it.......

Olivia's the only one who's coming, but she seemed a little upset earlier, and I don't think she's coming.

What about Charlotte? There's a bunch of B kids, so maybe they're not coming to see me.

No, I'm just going to do my job, whether you come or not.

Why am I feeling a little nervous?

Why do I feel like I'm the only one whose parents aren't coming to the sporting event where everyone else's parents are?

I've been a kid for so long that I really don't think I'm any different than a kid, but now?

"Reinhard! Let's go!"

"Uh."

An unnecessarily stiff answer came out.





 289





The temple was overflowing to the point where people were getting run over. There were more students than usual, and the crowds were huge.

It was refreshing to see the temple bustling with people, even if it was crowded.

There were a lot of people there, so there was a certain amount of commotion among the chattering voices.

I'm a student who gets into a fight with a passerby, or an outsider who gets grabbed by security and yells at me as I'm being dragged away.

It was as chaotic as it was exciting.

Scarlett, Ludwig, and I pushed through the crowds to reach our destination.

The main stadium of the temple.

An amphitheater used for important games or events.

It's very large, with over 30,000 seats.

It is used whenever there are important athletic events inside the temple, as well as tournaments like this one.

Today is the main round of the grade level tournament here.

Not surprisingly, there was even a replay screen for spectators.

Tomorrow, the semifinals and finals will be held here, as well as the main event of the Unlimited tournament.

This is the kind of place you'd expect to see a bunch of guys in athletic clubs, but of course I hadn't connected with them until now.

The royal class guys who were coming to watch the tournament would come later, but since we were participants, we arrived early.

"People....... There are a lot of them."

The crowd that had gathered at the entrance to the stadium to watch the tournament, Ludwig froze and muttered to himself as he watched them.

"The tournament is one of the main events of the festival."

"Wait, Scarlett, doesn't that mean the kids who come to see us won't have a seat?"

"It's okay, Ludwig. The royal class gets in over capacity for all events."

Scarlett had done her homework, and she knew the details. The details of Royal Class privileges at the Temple are endless.

"Oh, I see, but what's this overcapacity thing? How can people get in if we're at capacity?"

"......Well, you can think of it as a special seat, a seat that doesn't count towards the capacity in the first place, if that makes sense, and that's what Royal Class is granted."

"Oh, yeah?"

I could see a flicker of 'pathetic' in Scarlett's expression.

I know it's a human thing, but.......

What the hell happened to the relationship between the main heroine and the hero.......

Scarlett doesn't dislike Ludwig, but she often finds herself thinking of him in a "not good enough" kind of way.

I guess that's my karma.

Gradias Temple Grade Level Tournament Finals.

We headed for the stakeholder entrance, not the visitor entrance.



* * *



Since the identities of the finalists are all shared, we were able to get straight to the athlete's waiting area inside the stadium by simply submitting our IDs.

The stadium is huge, so the players' dressing room, which is strictly off-limits to spectators, is also huge.

It was fully equipped with amenities inside, including exercise equipment, priests in case of injury, and guards for safety.

There are 36 finalists in each grade. All the grades were there, so the total number was over two hundred. There were even private rooms to accommodate them all.

We were ushered into a waiting room for first-year students.

"When all of the finalists arrive, we'll give you a heads-up and instructions, but until then, please make yourself comfortable in your respective waiting rooms or halls."

The three of us took a seat in the hall, told to let the desk know if we needed anything.

Ludwig seemed to marvel at the bustling athlete's waiting room, which rivaled any royal class dormitory, and that was true of Scarlett as well.

We checked to see if anyone had arrived before us, and everyone was either resting or getting ready in their own way.

However, I was mostly alone.

They're picked and chosen from the many classes in the Temple. It's not every day that three people from one class, like the Royal Class, all make it to the finals.

So everyone felt like they were dealing with each other and were on high alert, regardless of the comfort of the venue itself.

Most likely, you're thinking to yourself, warming up, or doing your own imagery training.

It's like a freshman in high school, but it's like a national team tryout.

The strongest seventeen-year-old in the Temple. Or, to be more hyperbolic, the best of their class within the continent.

It's hard not to be nervous.

"Reinhard, do you want some bread?"

Ludwig, of course, didn't know any better and asked me where I had gotten the bread.

Scarlett's eyes naturally met mine.

"......."

"......."

You and I are kind of on the same page.

But you.......

Originally, it was just her and him.......

No. Done.

"Uh, give me one."

"This is delicious."

"Well, me too."

Scarlett eventually ate it.

-.......

The wary gazes of our neighbors are directed at us.

In a room full of people, most of them alone, all of whom seem to be enemies, three people who seem to know each other well are huddled together, breaking bread.

Three finalists who appear to be from the same place.

If that's the case, there's only one possibility they can think of.

You can't help but notice that we're from the royal class.

Wariness, hostility, and fear.

All those eyes are on us.

"Uh, um......."

Ludwig glanced around to see if anyone had noticed, and Scarlett was still munching on her bread.

"What the fuck, assholes. You never seen me eat bread before? You can eat it too. What do you want?"

Eventually, I got annoyed with the stare and snapped a few words at him.

But this is where the guys who say they're going to sleep on their own floors end up.

It's a place full of people who take pride in their skills, unlike the other clumsy bastards.

"What did you say?"

With my nerves stretched taut, there were enough of them to go around, glaring at the first one who did. I crossed my arms on the couch and laughed as he came toward me.

By the way, is that a high school student?

I think it's going to be two meters tall.

Of course, that didn't stop me.

I don't know about the others, but this one in particular kept giving us a particularly nasty look.

"I've never seen you eat bread before. Who are you to judge?"

"This asshole can't see that you're from Royal Class, and he thinks that because you don't have Orbis Class, you're going to win."

The mood suddenly turned sour, and Ludwig stepped in.

"Ah, ahaha. La, Reinhardt. What's wrong with you all of a sudden. Calm down. That one over there. I'm sorry. My friend is a little sensitive."

"......."

"......."

He looked back and forth between Ludwig and me, and I glared at him.

"Who are you, in the main bracket?"

"Group A Reinhardt."

"That's great. I'm in Group A."

He looked at me, snapped his fingers, and untied it, as if he was going to do it for me.

"What's going well?"

I smirked at the sight of it.

"Too bad for you."

I'm going to get blown to smithereens, so what's the point?

Don't get it?

After a nerve-wracking battle, the nameless man retreated, and I heard a voice behind me.

"......You're still driving a train wreck."

"......, you."

"We've never spoken, but I'm guessing you remember my face?"

Of course it is.

Scarlett and Ludwig tilted their heads in confusion, for this must be the first time they'd seen him, though they hadn't spoken.

"But you don't know my name, Gladen Amorel."

He reached out his hand to me. There was no animosity toward me in his outstretched hand.

"Uh....... It's been a while."

I felt a little bad for him, because he'd lost the privilege of being a special class after all the trouble I'd caused.



* * *



Gladen Amorelle sat across from me on the couch we were sitting on.

"It's gone now, but it was my first year in Orbis."

Scarlett and Ludwig had an ah-ha look on their faces as they realized why we were spherical.

Gladen Amorel didn't seem to have any other feelings for me. After all, blowing the whistle on Rilka Aaron wasn't something he did alone, it was something the entire first year Orbis class agreed to.

I know him to be a very cold person, but the fact that he spoke to me first and shook my hand suggested that something had changed.

I don't know what that changes specifically.

"I thought you'd be in the tournament."

"...... is it?"

"I'm not sure why, but it just felt right."

The gnarly Ludwig woofed his authorization bread.

"So first grade is....... all scattered?"

"Yes, but he's in the temple anyway, so if you try to meet him, you won't be able to."

The first-year Orbis students scattered to their respective regular classes.

However, Gladen Amorel seems to have taken the initiative to create a club through the Student Government Association, creating a group of first-year Orbis students. A club is a classless organization.

After all you've been through together, you don't want to cut ties so easily.

He told me, without me asking, that Rilka Aaron is doing well. She said she's a bit of a late bloomer, and made a sly joke about how she thinks she's a little taller these days, but she's not really tall at all.

"I'm kind of glad it happened. Because honestly, it was hell."

The Orbis class is gone, but the guys seem to be getting along just fine.

That seemed strangely comforting to me.

For all the problems I've caused, and all the changes and incidents I've caused, I feel like there has to be a positive change somewhere.

Gladen Amorel is the winner of Group D.

The four seated here are the strongest contenders.

I'm no stranger to Gladen Amorell, but this was my first time talking to him.

But it was clear that this guy owed me a favor.

"Of course, I don't intend to lose. Reinhardt."

That's it, a competition is a competition.

He knew all about it, and so did we.



* * *



"The Temple's main stadium has powerful protection and binding magic built into it, so there are some special things that can only happen here."

"All of you who participate in the main round of the tournament will have a powerful protective spell applied to you."

"What you are about to do will not be in the form of a practice duel. If you are in danger of being mortally wounded, powerful protective and summoning spells will be triggered, and you will be transported to a place of safety. Of course, you will be dealt a defeat."

"In other words, you can't seriously injure or kill your opponent if you're at full strength, so the Gradias Temple tournament will be a 'very realistic' situation that will bring out the best in participants."

"That's a long way of saying it, but at the end of the day, what I'm saying is simple."

"Think of it as a real battle, and do whatever it takes to win. There's no such thing as foul play."

"Sure, things can happen, like getting gouged or having a limb broken. However, all injuries that can be followed up on will not result in a defeat - remember, a punch in the face does not result in a defeat."

The 36 first-year finalists stood still as they listened to the explanation.

It's a far cry from the countless practice matches I've had with Ellen.

Even if you really want to kill your opponent, the protective enchantments and bindings that hang over the stadium, as well as the numerous safeguards placed on the participants, ensure maximum safety.

This allows them to fight to the best of their ability. It serves as a spectacle and pushes the participants' combat skills to the limit.

It's a fight, after all.

It's to show the fight to its extreme, and to show what monsters the Empire breeds.

Tension was evident on everyone's faces, even the usually laid-back Ludwig, who seemed to realize that the tournament was right around the corner.

"When the call comes, you'll be ready for it."

Tournament Round of 36.

Today, we need to determine the winner of the main bracket.

"Group A, first match. Reinhardt, Royal Class, Grade 1, A-11. Lagares, first year Dalon class, C-2. Be ready."

I was competing in a grade-level tournament, the first of many festive tournaments to come.



* * *



He said that of all the shows, the fireworks and fighting shows were the best.

Temple Main Stadium.

Seating for only 30,000.

I didn't think I'd be so nervous seeing it filled up, but I was.

I mean, even if we had a full house and a tournament going on tonight for grades 1-6, what's the point of having this many people here? There's going to be people standing around, not even in the seats.

Is this fun?

a.

I realized that no matter how advanced this worldview is, it's a place where mass media outlets like TV, smartphones, and the internet don't exist.

In a world where stimulating entertainment is so rare, swordplay by empire-bred talent, even if they're just kids, is a pretty big deal by our standards.

The big screens scattered throughout Temple's main stadium alternated between my face and the face of my opponent.

-oooooo

......The odd exclamation from the audience when my face comes up.

This.

It feels weird.

I tried to see if I recognized any faces in the crowd, but there were too many to make out.

Everyone is looking at me.

I felt weird looking around to see if anyone had come to see me.

No.

Everyone's busy.

But strangely.

In tens of thousands of people, I shouldn't be able to find it.

Oddly enough.......

In the distance, I saw a dark-haired girl with a calm expression.

It was Ellen.

Ellen is looking at me.

Next to him, Riana, and Clifford.

And Herriot.

As if that wasn't bad enough, there was Olivia Ranze.

-Our Reinhardt is the bestYaahhhhhhh! HandsomeYaahhhhhhhh!

And then there were the other guys, the Class B guys.

Charlotte looked at me and smiled. She didn't say anything, but I could tell she was rooting for me.

And, of course, there was Saviolin Tana sitting next to him, for protection, of course, but she was looking at me with her arms crossed.

I couldn't help but smile at the sight.

-Cheer up.

I could also see the shape of Ellen's mouth.

-Woo, woo....... Woo! You win!

Herriot stumbled, but he made hand signals and shouted.

Not only Herriot, but all the members of the Magical Research Society had come to Redina.

-Junior! Cheer up!

I thought everyone was too busy doing their own thing to come.

They're all here.

Ellen and Olivia, who don't get along very well, are sitting next to each other, and because they're right next to each other, they're trying to sit at least a few feet away from each other.

They're all here.

"Whoa......."

The sword in your hand is not a training sword, but a true sword.

I was told to pick a weapon that fit my hand, so I chose a longsword with the same weight distribution as the one I used in Darklands.

My opponent's weapon, like mine, is a longsword.

-And now, the much-anticipated Gradias Temple Festival. Grade Level Tournament First Grade Group A! Game 1! Let's start now!

-Waaaaaah!

With a shout from the moderator. In a thunderous roar.

Yes.

It's the first game, so let's do something fun.

Sorry, buddy.

Shouldn't I show my friends who've traveled all this way from their own lives to see what I've been working on for the past year?

Believe.

I, enchant.

-Kurung!

Blue flames leap from my body in an explosion of power. I hear the roar grow louder and louder, and I watch the man in front of me grow weary.

Swift(), Strike(), Harden().

Self-Suggestion, Enchantment.

Add it all up.

"I, win."

Plus, the power of words.

I, take a step forward.

You've only taken one step.

-Woof!

"!!!"

The next thing I know, I'm in my opponent's face.

Winning.

I don't want anything else.



* * *



-Waaaaaah!

"I guess I should have come to ......."

Amidst the cheers, Herriot muttered something about being unhappy.

The third match of the freshman year in Group D had just ended. Reinhardt's match was over in less than five seconds.

There was still plenty of time before Reinhardt's next match.

After the first year group stage ends, the second year group stage will begin.

So you don't have to watch the round of 36 matches in every grade, but the way Reinhardt was playing, it looked like it was all going to be over in a flash.

So when Reinhardt played, the crowd was not overwhelmed, but more bewildered.

I was like, "No, what is this guy? It was overwhelming, but a little bit refreshing.

Just for fun, it was more fun to watch him fall and roll and fight desperately.

So they came to see Reinhardt play, but they don't really want to see Reinhardt play.

Ellen and Harriet were busy. But in the end, after debating whether or not to come, they did.

Olivia, who met them halfway, was forced to sit next to them, despite her protests.

The reason was simple.

"If we stay together, Reinhardt will find us right away.

Reinhardt might not find you if you're sitting in the audience by yourself.

But sitting with his friends would make it easier for Reinhardt to find them. In fact, he did find them.

When Reinhardt won the first game by an overwhelming margin. Olivia even had the nerve to scream at the top of her lungs, "Take me, take me, take me, take me, take me!" to the hilarious delight of everyone around her.

Reinhardt's next match will begin when all 36 Group D matches have concluded.

Herriot stares at Ellen.

I thought Ellen might be in the unlimited tournament, but she's in Miss Temple, which is kind of weird.

"Oh....... It's Reinhardt's turn sometime. I didn't come here to see that....... Hey, when's Reinhardt's turn? Look at the bracket."

"You should see for yourself."

"If you tell me to do it, I'll do it!"

"...... Reinhardt hates people who say that. Oh, you don't know that."

"Hey, hey....... Whoa, that's it, let's not talk."

Angelic only in Reinhard's presence. Someone who acts as if she could give Reinhardt everything she has, while being harsh to everyone else who is close to Reinhardt.

An Eredian saint who seems to be becoming increasingly unhinged and perverse.

Olivia Ranze.

Neither Ellen nor Harriet. They're in different competitions, but he's the one you want to win.

Can I win.

Instead, Olivia Ranze acted like she didn't give a shit. No, she deliberately ignored them and pissed them off.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Shut up."

As Olivia began to tell the truth, Ellen frowned and glared at Olivia.

"What? Why don't you and your sister go out there right now and play an event match? People would love that."

"Let's do it here and now, not over there."

"Really?! Show me, huh?"

"Don't copy Reinhardt because it's offensive."

Plus, Ellen was getting weird whenever she saw him.

Ellen, Olivia Ranze.

If those two burst into the arena, everything that happens after that will be completely uninteresting to people.

"Both of you, please stop......."

Herriot felt dizzy just looking at them.





Episode 290.





As the clock ticked down to the end of the Round of 32 matches in Year 1, it was time for the winners' second round, the Round of 16. There were eight matches to be played in total.

Unsurprisingly, the first match of the round of 16 was Reinhardt's turn.

"Reinhardt, come on!"

Olivia squeaked.

-From now on, the round of 16 will be a best-of-three series.

The moderator further explained that the quarterfinals, the final group match of the day, would be a best-of-five, best-of-three format.

Reinhardt made eye contact with his supporters in the round of 32, but this time he wasn't looking at them.

You'd think they'd give it a chance.

Herriot thinks so.

"......Wait."

Olivia's giggling face hardened.

"That's kind of weird."

Ellen noticed something, too. Both Ellen and Olivia seemed to sense something that the rest of the audience did not.

"Why? What's going on?"

Olivia mumbled, her expression turning serious.

"Reinhardt's condition is....... looks a little unwell."

"I think there's a problem."

Neither Ellen nor Olivia had any intuition that something was wrong with Reinhardt's condition.

Meanwhile, off to the right of their seats, in a cluster of Class B students, Saviolin Tana watched Reinhardt with her arms crossed.

Like Olivia and Ellen, Saviolin Tana knew something was wrong with Reinhardt.

More accurately than the other two, of course.

"Reinhard is not used to enchantments."

"...... Probably, right?"

Charlotte knew that on some level.

"When you're pulling on a force you're not used to, you're going to get stuck."

"Limits?"

Reinhardt has always been successful at harnessing new power in times of crisis. But this time it's a little different.

This is a tournament, not a real game, and you need to keep fighting back-to-back.

Unfamiliar enchantments will cause you to become unwell the more you use them.

"Reinhardt would be vulnerable to a back-to-back."

The problem with using enchantments was that they would become increasingly unhealthy as the number of fights increased.

Not all of the Royal Class students in attendance were there to cheer Reinhardt on.

However, on some level, I was already convinced that Reinhardt would win.

Ludwig and Scarlett are great, but Reinhardt can do magic, too.

But now he realized that the enchantment would inevitably lead to Reinhardt's downfall.

Charlotte looks at Reinhardt, who has a worried, stern look on his face.

"If I don't use a magical enhancement and....... without using magic enhancements?"

"That would be the best way to go, but....... It might work for today, but what about tomorrow......."

Clumsy strength comes at a cost.

-Let's get started on the first match of the Temple Tournament Round of 16!

With the call of the moderator, the first match of the Round of 16 began.



* * *



The round of 16 ended 2-0 in my favor.

There were no dangerous moments.

However, there were a couple of dangerous moments in the first set when I tried to avoid using Enchantment.

While my opponent was a common class, he wasn't someone I could ignore in the end, and I was forced to pull out my Enchantment again in the second set.

It's entirely possible that a student in the regular class could train for a year without being accepted into the Orbis class and outperform the Orbis class.

I tried to solve it with self-implication, but it didn't work out as well as I thought it would.

Of course, I did manage to pull off two wins without using any enchantments.

When I returned to the waiting room, I was greeted by Ludwig and Scarlett.

The waiting room also had its own inside bleachers so I could watch the game. I think Ludwig and Scarlett watched me play from there.

"That was great, Reinhardt."

"Good job."

"......."

Enchantment.

I was realizing that it was a double-edged sword.

No wonder.

It's a power you've only used twice before today. You succeed on your third try, but you pay the price for using a power you're not yet familiar with.

I didn't pass out, but my entire body felt as heavy as a soaked cotton ball.

He had to face the next game without enough time to recover.

This is not a common injury and is not a condition that can be healed by an on-call priest.

This was fine until the round of 16.

However, the upcoming quarterfinals of the Group A main draw will be best-of-five, and tomorrow's semifinals will be best-of-three.

I don't know about you, but I don't feel confident in beating Gladen Amorelle, Ludwig, or Scarlett without an enchantment.

If you have a bad day today and don't get back on track tomorrow, or if you pull out too much in the semifinals tomorrow.

I may not win.

I was under the illusion that the enchantment was all mine.

I was sitting still in the player's waiting area, watching the next match in the round of 16.

-Ka-ching!

A bear, or perhaps a human chariot, was roughing up his opponent.

Enchantments are powers that increase your physical abilities by leaps and bounds.

-Thump!

The -1 set was won by Mr. Richard Howleman of the Irajon class!

The one who stomps on the off-balance opponent wins the first set.

I don't know about you, but I'm sure you'll overwhelm me in strength.

That's my last opponent for the day. He's a bit of a bad match for me right now.

I wonder if I can beat that guy without using enchantments.

My fingers were shaking uncontrollably.



* * *



The rule of thumb is that losers leave the queue, so the queue, which was quite large a while ago, has thinned out.

Year 1 of the Irajon class.

Richard Howleman.

It was clear that I would be facing the same human tank that I'd been dueling against in the quarterfinals of the Group A main event.

"Rilka is in that class."

"Oh....... Really?"

Gladen Amorell explained it to me as if he knew. I can't believe Rilka Aaron is in the same class as that asshole.

I'm not close to him, but I'm subtly worried.

"I hear he's got a reputation for being a brutal bastard, and he says he got weeded out in the personality screening for the Orbis class, though I'm not sure how that really is."

There's a chance that the talk of the Orbis class is just hype, but they actually made it to the main tournament, so we know they're not blowing smoke.

He's as much a character as he is a skill.

"He's just like me."

"Haha....... That's how it works."

Gladen Amorell smirked. This guy has somehow gone from being a douchebag to just plain nice.

Of course, in a matchup between Gladen Amorel and Richard Howleman, the result would be a clear-cut win for Gladen Amorel.

I've seen Ludwig, Scarlett, and this guy play.

This guy is definitely the best of the bunch here, aside from all the others.

Assuming I don't use Enchantment, I'm not going to beat this guy. I've heard that Self-Suggestion has reached Rank A, but I'm not sure if that's enough to give me a clear advantage.

I don't know about using the power of words, but I haven't figured out how to make that work yet.

-click!

The winner, Richard Howleman, bursts through the doors of the bleachers and stares at me.

"Are you ready, royal class dregs?"

"......."

The victory is now in doubt.

Because I knew the enchantment wasn't really my power.

He looked at me with an unmistakable sneer.

"Why aren't you talking, are you getting a little scared?"

I looked up at him, crossed my arms, and smirked.

"I heard you failed the Orbis class character test."

"Yeah. It didn't go in, not that it didn't go in."

"What's toughness, I don't think it's toughness, I think it's the fact that you look like a beggar and you've been eating shit, don't you?"

His face contorted, and I chuckled.

This.

It's better to swear at a problem that can't be solved than it is to swear at a problem that can't be solved.

"That's so fucking ugly. That's what you call a face. You look like you're rotting your eyes out. Get out of here and wash up some of that gravy. You smell like a pig."

I mean, there's nothing like a personal attack.

"You son of a bitch......!"

"Hit it. If you want to get disqualified."

I got right in his face. I chuckled as I watched his eyes roll back in his head. He raised his fist, but couldn't reach it.

If you stretch, you're disqualified.

I laughed at Richard Howleman, whose fist was crying.

"I thought you had a bad temper. I'm guessing you don't have a problem with character, but it's really your face that got you rejected?"

"This dog......."

"La, Reinhard....... Stop it......."

Eventually, Ludwig and Scarlett tore me apart. Gladen Amorell thought this was going to get him in trouble, so he left the bleachers with a very angry Richard Howleman.

We weren't the only ones in the bleachers.

All the other guys were looking at me like I was a mad dog.

Where's that asshole from regular class?

I also have a royal personality.

"......Reinhardt, I really don't understand what you're doing."

Eventually, Ludwig, a man of true character, was told.

"I'm so glad we're in the same class as Reinhardt......."

Scarlett sighed heavily.



* * *



Everything worked as expected.

Scarlett, Ludwig, and Glayden Amorel advanced to the finals of their respective brackets with no upsets. The first-year tournament was down to the final match of the day for each.

The variable is that my enchantments are eating away at my conditioning.

If I win two games in a five-game, three-way group final, but then collapse in a heap of blood in the last three games due to illness, it's still my loss.

-Waaaahhhhh!

The crowd went wild as it was now just a game for the big boys.

Of course, I still don't see what the fun is in this.

As someone who grew up watching warlords in full body armor fly around and shoot laser beams out of their hands, it's just not a fun thing to do.

This world is a cultural barrenness.

To be spectacular, you'd have to have a superhuman vs. superhuman matchup, but that's not what a first grade tournament is about.

An unlimited tournament would be a spectacle in that regard.

Finally, the final duel of the day.

I watch Richard Howleman stand across from me. He stares at me with eyes that seem to consume me.

Why did I keep putting in the ipsilon, even though it was a bit much?

Honestly, I do it just for the hell of it, but I do it for the look on his face.

If your opponent is the kind of person who loses their cool and gets excited easily, there's no reason why you shouldn't make them do the same.

It's best to win without using any enchantments.

If you can make an overwhelming weight difference with enchantments, you won't have to worry about this, but for now, I'm not going to use enchantments.

If so, you should go into battle with a clear understanding of the differences between you and your opponent.

My weapon of choice is the Longsword.

The Longsword is an ambidextrous sword, but not so much so that it can't be wielded with one hand, so you can switch between one-handed and two-handed use.

The saber is approximately one meter long.

However, Richard Howleman's weapon of choice, a two-handed sword commonly referred to as a zweihander, is the emitter.

The sword is about 1.8 meters long, which is about my height.

A weapon that outreaches my weapon in reach and outweighs it.

His sword is too long to balance his weight when thrusting, so his weapon has a ricasso that allows him to hold it above his guard and swing it.

It has an extension handle, so to speak, and Parrying Hooks, a second guard designed to defend against ricochets.

A sword that looks like a regular sword with an extra handle and guard.

Judging by his physique, he should be able to handle that greatsword with one hand to some extent.

He's got the range, he's got the height.

Like in his duel with Rilka Aaron, where he was eventually forced to stick to kicking because of his small stature. Being in the same weight class as Lich is already a deal breaker in itself.

You have to admit it and go with it.

The opponent has the advantage under the minimum conditions.

But when have I ever fought a losing battle.

A monstrous man with a monstrous sword will eventually be weaker than any opponent I've ever faced.

It's only the quarterfinals.

I've gotten stronger, but in the end, I've just recognized that I'm not perfect, and I can't be perfect.

It's just that the penalty is that I have to fight to keep one of my most important powers sealed away.

In the semifinals or finals if you're using a disenchantment.

Now is not the time.

-The quarterfinals of the Gradias Temple Tournament begin now, with Reinhardt of the Royal class facing off against Richard Howleman of the Irazon class!

-Waaaaaah!

-Reinhardt! Come on!

Olivia's cries sounded piteous.

There.

-Reinhardt!

I even added a voice I didn't think I'd ever hear.

Even as the showdown began, I couldn't help but turn my head in surprise.

Ellen made a hand trumpet and shouted.

-Win!

I hadn't expected Ellen to do that, so I was surprised, as well as Harriet and Riana, who were sitting next to her.

It's just a shout out.

But everyone who knows Ellen knows that it's very rare to see her like that, and that's why they're so surprised. Olivia watched in amazement from the sidelines as Ellen screamed at the top of her lungs.

Ellen does something she doesn't do, something you wouldn't expect her to do.

Ellen looks at me and exclaims.

-If you don't win, I'll kick your ass!

Most of all, I was surprised.

It's not self-explanatory.

It's not as if I've gotten better.

By the way.

Oddly enough.......

My hands stopped shaking.

So far, I've been relying on self-implication for everything.

When I believe in myself, I change, and it has shaped me so far. All the power I didn't have came from it.

But for once, it doesn't come from there.

For once, there are no superpowers, no exorcisms, no manifestations, and no enchantments.

Win.

Ellen's cry stopped all trembling.

It shouldn't make anything better, because a word of encouragement shouldn't be able to restore the broken balance of the body caused by the instability of the magic circuitry.

Why.

Why am I feeling like everything is okay?

"Huhhhhhh!"

Why.

A human tank is hurtling toward me.

"......."

I wonder if it's because I don't feel like I'm going to lose at all.





Episode 291.





A greatsword, a zweihander, is brought down upon me.

-Kagak!

I parried his blade with my sword, twisting it out of the way, then switched to a half-sword stance and slashed at his throat.

If you're a sloppy bastard, you've already allowed the nape of the neck here and that's it.

But he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick.

I thrust the spilling sword back up at an angle, catching my blade in Zweihander's parry hook and pushing him away.

From the weight of the weapon itself, it's a fool's errand to push the sword further if you're being outmatched in a power struggle.

-Ka-ching!

I pull my sword out at an angle, closing the distance. Howlman quickly switches positions.

-Ka-ang! Kagak! Kaduk!

A few more rounds of back-and-forth ensued.

He keeps his distance and utilizes a long reach to keep you at bay. If it works, great, if it doesn't, no harm done.

There's no reason why he shouldn't take advantage of his overwhelming advantage. So he's just doing what he does best.

The longer reach always has first dibs, and the shorter reach is at a disadvantage having to dig in.

That's why it's so annoying to play against spear wielders when you're using a sword. I can't say I've ever physically beaten a spear wielder in a qualifier.

In this case, the opponent was not armed with a spear, but in the end the reach difference was significant.

And another one.

-Ka-ching!

Even the weight of his sword is vastly different from mine.

So the weight on the tip of the sword was going to be different.

It's an unwieldy weapon, but in the right hands, it's a blunt instrument. And this guy had the physicality to handle a zweihander.

"Why, you act like you're going to chew them up on paper, but when it comes to dealing with them, it doesn't work out?"

Richard Howleman sneers at me with a wicked grin.

To others, I had to look like I was being pushed, and I was.

"Don't you dare get all gravy-headed over a holy duel. Wipe your sweat off, asshole."

"......hhh."

Even though he was smiling, I could feel his nervousness.

No matter how physical you are, that's a lot of armor.

I'm sure he's been training a lot, but at the end of the day, close combat takes a lot of heart and energy.

This isn't just a workout.

As long as there is a prerequisite of fighting, there will be combat fatigue.

When I say he has the initiative, I mean he's going to keep using that initiative and keep taking the offensive stance.

I ended up just calmly walking away, accepting the no preemption situation due to the reach difference.

Be exhausted.

Show me a crack and I'll bite.

Because we're not all Ludwig, our stamina is not infinite.

He's nervous, I see an opening.

If you're at a disadvantage due to a disparity in armor, you have to take advantage of his penalties.

-Kang! Kaang! kang!

I calmly back away, occasionally circling to the side to deflect his attacks.

Be urgent.

More.

Be a little more impatient.

I step back as if to entice him to attack.

He holds his sword in a long stance, his right hand on the handle and his left gripping the ricasso, and stabs backwards.

It's a two-handed sword with a short grip, but a monstrous length to begin with. Even held like that, it has a much longer reach than my weapon.

Basically, a reverse thrust is a top-to-bottom slash rather than a forward thrust.

The wider the gap between the hands holding the sword, the easier it is to balance the weight and the stronger the blow.

If I'm going to parry that sword, it's going to have to be an upward thrust, and he's actually applying force in a half-sword fashion, and I'm going to have to parry that downward thrust in a half-sword fashion in the same way.

But his sword has a parry hook and mine does not.

Then, even if I win the power struggle, the parry hook on his sword will block my sword, but if I'm pushed, my sword will slip and my hand holding the parry hook will be sliced by his sword.

Differences in armament.

It makes some choices impossible and others possible.

A low, backward thrust with a long grip on the sword is difficult to push off or parry due to the balance of forces. If I clumsily clash with my sword, I will be pushed back.

His reverse stab.

That one, and the others, happen almost simultaneously.

From one to ten.

I learned some things in class, but it was Ellen who really opened my eyes.

Using a variety of weapons, Ellen taught us how to attack and defend with a number of different weapons.

In this situation, taking a stab that's more like a slash, and half-sworded to an opponent with that armor, is suicide.

It's a split second, and judgment comes from the body, not the head.

Embodied memory.

A spinal cord reflex, if you will.

After so much practice and training, I don't draw conclusions from thoughts. I've been hit so many times that I've gotten to the point where my body is pulling memories out of my brain.

Of all my things, this one is a labor of love.

It's safe to say that the memory of this body, which has been broken, rolled, beaten, knocked down, and beaten into submission, is the only thing I've gained from my sweat.

This is not a cheat.

The general knowledge gained from Ellen is that in a situation where there is such an armed disparity, such a forceful slap should be avoided, not pushed away.

Neither he nor I have spent time in the Huturu Temple, so there's no reason to dismiss the other before we've had a chance to get to know each other.

He doesn't think it's going to work either.

He clearly has his own calculations in his head. At the end of the day, it's a battle of numbers as much as it is a battle of bodies.

It will assume that I'm going to dodge the stab, make me dodge it, and then design another derivative attack from that situation.

If I dodged to the side, or if I dodged to the back, I would be designing a derivative attack, such as a stab or a slash with a split-second change of grip.

The moment that sword is drawn, he designs it, and I design it to cut through it.

The bottom line.

Under normal circumstances, the general rule of thumb is to avoid this situation.

But.

I make judgments I shouldn't.

The judgment that he thought I couldn't get out.

With that, scatter all of his designs.

I, raise my sword to strike.

In a situation where I have a weight, reach, and physicality advantage over my opponent, I make the worst possible move.

Under normal circumstances, this would be the worst case scenario.

I'm not typical.

I put all my power into a single blow.

A blow ().

-Bam!

"!"

I am a superhero.

It's definitely in my power to do more than just generalize.

With a sudden burst of power, I knock his sword away from him, and then I plunge my half-sword into his open chest wound at the nape of his neck.

-Flash!

A bleary-eyed Richard Howleman was recalled by a recall artifact.

Critical Hit Success.

Set -1! Mr. Reinhardt takes it!

My victory.



* * *



Best of 5.

3 wins and 0 losses overall.

-Royal Class Reinhardt finishes Group A of the First Grade Tournament undefeated!

-Waaaaaah!

I was staring at Richard Howleman, who had been recalled to the tournament field after a reverse recall.

He doesn't know I'm a psychic.

And since this isn't a boy's cartoon, I didn't bother to explain to him that I'm actually a superhero and that I have all these powers.

So he must have thought I was up to some kind of trick.

Of course, he's been using all of his powers in previous duels. It's just that I hadn't utilized the self-suggestive, single-point focus, skill I had named.

After all, in a fight, a single gap is the difference between defeat and defeat, so I took his attacks as normal, only to burst into a burst of power.

All you have to do is poke around a bit and get in.

He doesn't even realize what he's done. He must have felt possessed. He must have gotten a clear sense of his opponent's capabilities, because he suddenly seemed to have a momentary burst of unusually strong power.

"You....... You're up to something....... It's clearly foul play......."

Richard Howleman muttered through clenched teeth.

I didn't bother to explain it to him.

"Your lack of information about your opponent is also your mistake."

There's no such thing as a superpowered ban anyway, so it's pointless to try it.

You've already won.

So I have no intention of upping the ante, no intention of provocation.

All that was left for me to do was win Group A.

Undefeated.

Minimize the use of disenchantment and succeed in achieving that.

My duel was fresh, but I was undefeated in sets and unbeaten. The crowd cheered loudly.

I was a little nervous at first, but after going through it a few times, I've gotten to the point where I'm not terrified of all the eyes on me, even if I don't enjoy it.

There were tons of people in the audience watching me.

I was there, watching people who would have hoped for my victory.

Semifinals, and if you win there, the finals.

Now, we're down to two.



* * *



I watched all the remaining matches.

Gladen Amorell, like me, went 3-0 with no sets lost.

Ludwig finished with a close 3-2 win.

The Scarlets took two games first, then dropped a set and finished with a 3-1 win.

In the end, everyone made it to the final as expected, albeit with different set scores.

The Royal Class, the Orbis Class, and the Special Class have all gone up.

After the first round of competition, there would be a short break and the crowd would either take a break or stay put.

The quarterfinals brackets were also immediately set.

I locked eyes with Scarlett.

"Ah....... Reinhardt."

"......Well, here we go."

Scarlett and I.

"I said Ludwig, take care of him."

"Me too!"

Gladen Amorell and Ludwig.

The semifinal matchups were determined as follows

They're all pretty tough opponents, so I figured it would be the same no matter who got caught. Enchantment is the key to this matchup.

The timing of your use of that power, which can only be used so many times, and your ability to withstand the aftermath will determine whether or not you win.

I was a little nervous about the fact that tomorrow was the final.

I thought the week-long festival was long, but after all, there are tons of events, and anyone who participates in anything has to be on a tight schedule.

It doesn't end when the finals are over.

Winning or not, I have a cross-dressing contest on Wednesday.

"......."

"Reinhard, what's wrong?"

"No, just."

Ludwig and Scarlett examined my complexion as my expression suddenly turned sour.

"Great job, everyone!"

When we left the stadium to head back to the dorms, Charlotte was there to greet us.

Class B power, including Charlotte.

And most in A class. Ellen and Harriet didn't say much, but I could see the emotion in their faces.

"Maybe I should have just left. I could have laid them all out with a phage."

Riana was scratching at her earlobe, making a mocking noise.

Apparently, everyone except Bertus.

The Ganodab trio plus Heinrich and Klippmann.

No, but I only saw Cliff, were they there? Where were they?

......I think he was sitting on the other side, but I couldn't find him.

There was Olivia Lancerredina, there was Saviolin Tana.

"Hey, junior, you're starting to get the hang of fighting, aren't you?"

"You can say good job, but do you have to say it?"

"Yeah, well, if you can't do that, it's weird!"

Redina giggled and grabbed my arm.

"We're all going to go get something nice to eat, let's go!"

In both Class A and Class B, it seemed like everyone was there to celebrate their success in reaching the finals.

In the original, Class A and Class B were rivals, fighting, biting, and getting along terribly. Class A was the one to bully Class B, but Class B didn't like Class A either.

But now the two classes were getting together, talking to each other, and talking about going out somewhere on this beautiful day.

-Hey, I thought you were going to an unlimited tournament?

-Ah, yeah.

-Well done, but that's weird, because I heard it's been a while since we've had a magic major compete.

-...... should be good.

-Yes, I hear you're pretty awesome.

-Heh, so far?!

Herriot doesn't seem to have much of a relationship with Charlotte, who she probably doesn't even know, but she's leading the way.

"Let's go, Reinhardt."

Ludwig laughed and tugged on my arm.

Everyone was leading the way.

I sense myself becoming part of this landscape.

I see people and their relationships that have been changed by me.

This situation was not intentional, but the result was perfect.

Everything is perfect.

Too much.





Episode 292.





There are twenty-two first years in the Royal Class.

Twenty-one people, all but Bertus.

Add to that Olivia Ranze, Redina, and Saviolin Tana, and you have twenty-three.

Of course, Olivia thought it was a bit of a cop-out to be in the middle of this, so she patted me on the shoulder for a job well done and walked away.

I didn't forget to thank Olivia for coming on the way out.

Despite the fact that I had a terrible relationship with Ellen, she stood by me and cheered me on. The same could not be said for Ellen.

Aside from feeling like my head was going to explode, I was grateful to Olivia.

'Take care of yourself, win, but don't get hurt. That's all you need.'

"Yes.

After Olivia returned, Charlotte and I wandered the streets with a large group of twenty-two people.

There were musicians playing in the streets, people performing, and the streets were alive with activity.

B-10, the musically talented Ranion Sesor borrowed instruments from street musicians and played them so perfectly that passersby stopped and applauded.

When was the last time you were running around doing this and that.

I couldn't even remember.

Of course, there was no time to hang out late into the night. After we gathered, ate, and hung out for a bit, the group split into two groups: those who went back to their dorms for work and those who stayed on the streets.

Charlotte wanted to play some more with some of the kids in Class B and Tana, the viola.

Back home, it's me, Ludwig, Scarlett, who has a final tomorrow. And the musically talented Lanyon Sessor.

And then there were the members of the Magical Research Society and Harriet.

Before I knew it, Ellen was walking beside me.

When he suddenly shouted earlier, I thought my heart was going to fall out of my chest, but now he's back to his old self.

"Body, are you okay?"

"Do I answer honestly, or do I lie and tell them not to worry?"

Ellen glares at me at my bullshit.

It's weird to see Ellen's lips popping out after all these years.

"Honestly, no problem."

In the end, it's not so much a serious injury as it is a nervousness that can make a difference at a crucial moment.

It's a big deal, just like Richard Howleman never beat me because he kept pushing that pawn.

"Don't hurt yourself. Don't overdo it."

"I hope so."

Ellen and Olivia end up saying the same thing.

Herriot was walking some distance away, chatting with members of the Magical Research Society.

The Magic Society seemed to have gotten their act together to support Herriot's unlimited tournament run.

I can see Louis Ankton in particular thinking hard.

What did it accomplish, which was most likely something I didn't know.

Can Herriot win.

I think that's probably going to be difficult.

However, just making it to the main draw of an unlimited tournament is already a huge accomplishment. It's possible that you got lucky with your bracket, but luck is a combination of skill and luck.

As if sensing my gaze, Harriet, who had been talking intently as we walked, glanced at me and shook her head.

"......Why?"

"......No, good luck."

"......Isn't that what you need to hear right now?"

I do.

There's still some time left in the Unlimited tournament, and the immediate finals are tomorrow. Herriot takes a moment to laugh at the absurdity of my comment.

"I'll be good."

Herriot gave me a warm smile.

I've never seen him smile like that before.

"So, you're good."

Not everyone is rooting for me, not everyone wants me to win.

But there are those who want me to win.

I started doing it for the achievement points, but for some reason it's gotten away from me.

I now wanted to win, even if there was no reward.



* * *



As soon as we got back to the dorm, Ellen, Riana, and Kliffman scurried off to get ready for Miss and Mr. Temple.

But Olivia didn't look that busy, so what were they doing that kept them so busy?

Herriot, who would obviously be busier, went not to the dormitories but to the manor house of the Magical Research Society.

The Ganodab trio and Heinrich seem to have stayed behind to enjoy the festivities, and Class B was pretty much empty except for the quarterfinalists.

It's a festival, and I'm pretty sure I've had my fill, but there's still plenty of daylight left.

"That's subtle."

I had just gone into my room and changed into my sweatpants when Ludwig, who was sitting in the lobby of my dorm, spoke to me.

"......You don't think I'm in the wrong class B dorm, do you? You don't think I can tell right from left yet?"

What are you doing here?

Of course, I guess it doesn't matter now that we don't have A and B classes anymore." Ludwig stood up.

"I'm a little anxious."

"Anxiety?"

"Because honestly, no matter how much I think about it, I think Gladen is stronger than me."

Ludwig doesn't look frightened. But there was anxiety lurking in his expression.

"So, do you think you could practice with me? Scarlett said she's taking the day off."

"Hmmm......."

Ludwig is an uncontrollable bastard, but I haven't gotten much more involved with him than that. I didn't want him to affect the main character in a way that other characters might.

But you can't avoid it forever.

"Yeah. I didn't do much either."

All injuries can be healed by the on-call priest, so there was no reason to say no if you weren't using enchantments.



* * *



-Kang! Kaang! ka-gak!

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

"Huh."

Ludwig took a short, deep breath and scratched his head.

"I can't do this."

I didn't use any enchantments, just self-suggestion.

We played about ten times, and I won.

The rank of Self-Suggestion is A. A clearly advanced psychic power.

There are obvious limits to self-suggestion, given the derivation of the higher-level power, Necromancy. But psychic powers are psychic powers, after all, and my significantly enhanced abilities were more than enough to take on Ludwig.

The conclusion was clear.

If Ludwig comes to the final, I'll win. I don't even need to enchant him.

"Fucking....... I'm tired of....... it's my side......."

But I was the one who won, and I was the one who was exhausted.

This guy, whose health was above S rank, kept losing the duel itself, but my health was running out.

Oh, the feeling of winning and losing.

"Let's take a break."

"Whoa....... Yeah."

I'm not weak, but Ludwig's stamina was a monster, so we had to play it safe and practice matches.

The dorms were empty because it was a festival, and the only people who showed up in the first place were Cliff and Ellen.

We had a lot of time, so after hours of crossing swords, I was exhausted and Ludwig was sweating profusely.

I was at the end of my rope and I was at my wits end.

"I'll lose, won't I?"

Ludwig muttered as he hung his dueling sword in its sheath.

It's not about being weak.

I just know in my gut that I don't have a chance against Gladen Amorelle.

He knows he's going to lose, but he's not going to give up. That's the kind of guy Ludwig is.

I look at Ludwig, wiping the sweat from my face with a towel hanging from the chair.

"I suppose."

I'm not going to deny it.

Gladen Amorelle's skills are beyond Ludwig's, and beyond Scarlett's and mine. I can only match him in terms of superpowers and magical enhancements.

But first, they'll have to get through their quarterfinal matchup against Scarlet without a hitch.

Ludwig opened a window in the smokehouse.

A cold winter wind blew in, but it didn't feel so bad because I was covered in sweat.

"Reinhard, I have a question for you."

Ludwig, who is looking out the window, says with his back to me.

It was the first serious look I'd seen from the always cheerful and jovial guy.

"What is it."

"You've been fighting even though you know you're going to lose, haven't you?"

"...... did."

"But, you won them all."

Ludwig gazes into the darkness of the temple during the festivities of winter.

I've been a part of some very strange things. I've fought battles I knew I couldn't win, but I've won them all.

In just one short year, everyone has come to accept that the combat-ready F-class Eevee is the strongest contender for the Year 1 tournament.

An egg that hits a rock with an egg and always breaks the rock.

That was me.

"How do you think that could have happened?"

Ludwig seemed curious about the secret.

I'm not asking for superpowers, enchantments, or tons of coincidences. Nor am I questioning your cheats.

"Trust me."

"You believe?"

"Yeah."

At a loss for words, I end up telling him about my superpower, which Ludwig of course knows.

Self-implied.

"You're going to lose, you're going to lose, but you have to believe."

"You can win?"

"Yeah."

I put my water sword in its cradle, leaned back against it, and crossed my arms.

"I'd rather believe that I'm going to win, and I'm going to win, no matter what, than that I'm going to lose, but I'm going to work hard."

"And if you still lose?"

"What does it matter?"

The result doesn't matter.

"I'm going to lose, but I'm going to do my best" is like a ready-made excuse for defeat: "But I tried, so I'll do better next time." Isn't that just setting up an escape hatch for your defeated self?"

I've been living in that mindset for a while now, since returning from Darkland.

I can't say I don't still feel that way. But I do know what's best.

You have to believe in possibility, even when it doesn't seem possible. Only then, when you see a glimmer of possibility, can you grab it.

I'm going to lose, but I'm going to do my best, which is not self-deprecating, it's just comforting.

I'm not that good, I'm self-aware.

It shouldn't be in the past tense of I worked hard, but in the future tense of I will win.

Not by judging the past, but by shaping the future.

It has shaped who I am today.

"Rather than prepare that excuse, I figured I'd better believe I was going to win anyway, because, well, what else is there?"

Of course, Ludwig is not a psychic. Accepting what I say won't change anything.

"I run away....... Yeah, that's it. I was....... You did. Saying you tried hard wasn't enough....... Yeah."

Ludwig closed the window and turned away.

You'll lose.

You can't win against Gladen Amorelle.

"See you in the finals. Reinhardt."

Ludwig certainly said so.





Episode 293.





"Reinhardt? I hear he's a psychic."

"That's not fair!"

"Did you just yell at me?"

"Oh, no. That. That's....... Sorry."

Richard Howleman shouted, then hung his head.

After not winning a single set in the quarterfinals, Richard was furious. He had already realized he was going to lose when his opponent enchanted him.

But they didn't use it.

Some strange force kept pushing me into unintended gaps, and I lost.

Lack of information about your opponent is also a mistake.

So I looked it up, and it turns out Reinhardt was a psychic in the first place.

That's not fair.

Why did I have to lose to such an absurdity, such a nonsense, that I had trained with honest sweat.

Richard Howleman's eyes widened and he gritted his teeth.

If I didn't have superpowers, I would have won. I could have trampled him. But that excuse didn't work.

Richard Howleman was now in the dormitory of one of the regular classes, the Irajon class.

There were classmates and seniors gathered.

Even a temple is a temple, and this was a festive time, so they were sitting around in their dormitories, drinking.

It's not quite up to par with Royal Class in many ways, but it's a temple after all, so it's not overly cramped.

They were the kind of students who, by all appearances, were not the most sincere practitioners of temple life.

The seeming organizer of the gathering poured a full glass of alcohol into the glass of Richard Howleman, who would have been the winner of the night if he had played his cards right, but who ended up being the loser of the night because of the Reinhardt factor.

-zorrrr

"Anyway, you have to keep your word, right?"

"Oh, that....... Hey, promise?"

"I thought you said you'd leave the pageant if you didn't make it to the quarterfinals?"

Why cross-dressing contests are always strangely successful.

This is because it's used as a punishment game between people who know each other. It's like a guillotine match between people who know each other, and there's always enough participants to make fun of the loser.

Those who are laughed at, those who seek to be laughed at.

That's why participants in cross-dressing competitions usually leave feeling like this.

Apparently, not too long ago, Richard Howleman accepted a bet. He was so confident.

Of course, I didn't realize at the time that things would turn out this way.

Overconfidence is a recipe for anger.

Richard Howleman's complexion became contemplative.

"Oh, no, that's not why I did it!"

"I said if you made it to the quarterfinals, I'd leave the pageant, and you did the opposite? Hey, did anyone here not hear that? Raise your hand if you did."

The extreme laughter suppression began.

Even if Richard Howleman's character is a dick, he doesn't have the balls to mess with you, but he's a dick enough to punch you in the face for smiling at him.

"Oh, I'll do whatever you ask me to do, but please don't do that......."

"Leave the pageant, that's all I want from you, asshole."

The senior gulped down his drink and exhaled. As Richard stood there at a loss for words, one of the first years muttered softly.

"Uh, by the way, aren't we done signing up for that?"

"!"

Richard's complexion improves for a moment.

"Don't you think I know that? Hey, you can apply for that an hour before the competition."

As if there was no way out, he giggled and the other seniors seemed amused.

"You would have been in trouble if you won! I was really trying to get out, you know?"

In the first place.

The seniors already knew that there was no way the regular class would be able to make it to the quarterfinals in a tournament where the specialty classes would be playing.

"Reinhardt, you cheating bastard!

Richard Howleman's hatred for Reinhardt was burning, but little did he know that they would meet again.



* * *



The day after the festival started.

Tuesday.

It was the day of the grade level tournament finals, and naturally, the first grade games were scheduled to start first.

Yesterday was the main event, but today is the real deal. As such, the audience was much larger today than yesterday, and the theater was literally packed.

In an effort to keep me sane, the kids left me alone today. But they'll all be sitting somewhere in the audience. Not only me, but Scarlett and Ludwig had advanced, so the entire first-year royal class would be sitting in the audience, just like yesterday.

It's all about elitism, whether it's Royal or Orbis. The fact that there isn't a single person from a common class in the final four means that elitism is right after all.

I'm not sure about that.

He will most likely meet Gladen Amorel in the final. Ludwig seemed to have made up his mind about something, but it's only in special cases like mine that determination becomes strength.

If you use enchantment against Scarlett, you're going to have to use enchantment against Gladen Amorelle in the upcoming finals.

For someone like me, who is vulnerable to back-to-back battles, that's the worst. If I pass out, I will be disqualified.

You can't overdo it either. Tournaments are all about earning achievement points, which in turn is about getting stronger.

There's nothing more ridiculous than trying to earn achievement points only to suffer irreparable internal injuries.

I'm not at an advantage by any means. I hold a powerful weapon, a double-edged sword, but if I use it wrong, I'll win more than I lose.

First-year tournament semifinals, first game in that situation.

-Royal Class first-year Reinhardt and Royal Class first-year Scarlett in their semifinal match. It's on now!

-Waaaaaah!

With a shout, I found myself standing across from a girl with fiery red hair and red eyes.

He is armed with a longsword in the same style as me. However, his sword is slightly shorter and lighter than mine. However, the difference in reach is not significant.

I haven't practiced with Scarlett that often, but we've had a few practice matches this semester while taking swordsmanship classes together.

Scarlet is fast and agile, and her swordsmanship is based on excellent reflexes. She tends not to engage in forceful fights, instead using her skill to deflect her opponent's sword or to change the path of her blade with a flick of her wrist to exploit her opponent's weaknesses.

With solid fundamentals, he anticipates his opponent's sword path and attacks with a counter.

Basics.

That is absolutely not good enough for me.

I don't think my skills are bad, but I didn't start from the bottom and build up slowly, because Ellen, who can do everything from the basics to the applications, gave me a good overview.

In a way, I'm a student of how to solve problems; I've been taught conclusions rather than theory, that this is the answer in this situation.

Scarlett, on the other hand, understands the theory perfectly and can understand all the problems that are built on it.

It's a matter of absolute time invested in swordsmanship, which is why I shouldn't be standing here in the first place.

I wouldn't be here if it weren't for Ellen, if it weren't for my superpowers, if it weren't for my enchantments.

But in the end, I'm here, and that means I have to deal with Scarlett, who has an overwhelming advantage in actual skill over me.

Scarlett, one of the two main heroines in the original, had been bullied for being ominous, and much of her confidence was now gone.

In the original story, Ludwig.

For now, Charlotte has taken Scarlett under her wing.

Then, a red-haired girl looks at me.

"Reinhardt."

"......?"

Scarlett opened her mouth before attacking.

The audience can't hear our conversation.

"You're my idol."

"......what?"

I couldn't help but be taken aback by this.

But it didn't make sense to me.

Scarlett and I both came from the same street, after all.

"I was afraid of being kicked out of the temple, and you were always so confident, like it didn't matter."

Scarlett was there for my duel with third-year Mayaton.

I had no contact or relationship with Scarlett.

And it was a duel in an A-class dorm. Scarlett, who was being bullied at the time, watched my duel until the very end, even though Erich had noticed.

After that, I continued to have little contact with Scarlett, but I knew he had something of a favor for me.

Even when I was injured, he would visit me and talk to me briefly about this and that.

It was a different feeling than liking me. We'd pass each other in various places, talking about nothing in particular.

I knew in my gut that Scarlett meant something to me in some way.

I mean, it was called Idol.

"I was looking at you and thinking."

"If I'm weak, it's not because of where I come from, it's just because I'm weak."

"I can do that, I can do that, I can do that and not get kicked out, no, not even kicked out. It doesn't matter if I do."

"Not everyone is going to like you, but not everyone is going to hate you either."

"I realized that if you live a life where you're just standing up for yourself, you can get something out of it, and it's okay to be hated by a lot of people, and it's okay to do things that make you hate everybody, because not everybody hates you, and somebody likes you."

"Just as it's impossible to make everyone like me, it's impossible to make everyone hate me. Looking at you, I realized that."

"I've been trying to change since I saw you, and I can't change completely, but I'm trying to change a little bit, because you can do it, and I thought I could do it, and I should be able to do it."

I thought it was Charlotte who changed Scarlett.

But, no.

Scarlett and I had no contact, but I realized that it was okay to be me.

So things were changing. Scarlett, who was Miss Temple, was now competing in the freshman tournament.

At the end of the day, they're both trying to prove themselves in some way.

Scarlett is trying to prove something.

"I'm sorry, this isn't the place for a conversation, but I had to say it."

I realized that the only reason Scarlett was in the tournament was to be my opponent.

"I consider it an honor to be your opponent here."

I had unwittingly become Scarlett's idol.

Scarlett points her sword at me.





Scarlett's eyes narrowed and her expression hardened, a far cry from her friendly demeanor.

"I'm going to do my best."

After a long, inaudible introduction, the roaring crowd fell silent again as Scarlett took a step forward.

Scarlett's drive to do her best was different. It wasn't the same as what she was used to facing in practice.

This is the main stadium.

Where you can attack with the intent to kill your opponent.

In other words, it's a place where you can just throw everything you've got at your opponent.

"Well, it would be polite to you."

Scarlet.

A crimson-haired girl lunges at me.

As it lunged at me, I could feel its red eyes tracing a trajectory through the air.

-Ka-ching!

"Boom!"

Along with the enormous weight in my grip, I felt an extreme sense of alienation.

Self-implication.

Does not trigger.

"Superpowers don't work for me."

Scarlett is not a superhero.

However, it's also not a superpower.

Because this guy's talents are clearly linked to his superpowers.

Scarlet, the crimson sword.

Talents are immune.

The original name is Spellbreaker.

Magic and superpowers don't work on him.



* * *



Scarlett's nickname, Witch, doesn't make sense in the first place.

Scarlet can basically take all kinds of mental and offensive magic with her bare hands.

This also negates any superpowers.

Scarlett's nickname is Witch because of her extreme resistance to magic.

Of course, he's not completely magic-free, as that would neutralize this stadium's crystalline magic. Adjustable anti-magic. Taking it to the extreme would only make him immune.

Antihorsepower definitely exists and can be trained.

However, there are only two people in this world who are resistant to superpowers.

One is Ellen Artorius, who has a two-way resistance, and the other is Scarlett. And in terms of resistances themselves, Scarlett is overpowered.

Therefore, Scarlett's talents do not grow. Where is the room for growth in her immunity levels and ability resistance?

I did that.

However, it has definitely grown.

I distance myself from Scarlett with a stern look.

Self-implication is the ability to influence yourself, not others.

However, the fact that Self-Implication, a power that strengthens myself rather than attacking Scarlett, doesn't trigger means that Scarlett's ability resistance is affecting her surroundings.

No matter how high your armor is, the only thing you can resist is the magic used on you.

You can't stop a mage from casting a spell on bare ground.

Scarlett can influence the psychic powers going on around her. I don't know if it extends to magic, but I can certainly block my own self-suggestion triggers.

Scarlett's talents are more advanced than the original.

The reason is probably I.

We don't know how, but Scarlet has definitely changed.

He wasn't playing me like a normal practice match, he was using his talent to beat me.

When I said I would do my best, I meant this.

If you haven't used this ability in your practice duels with me so far, was it out of sheer respect for me?

-Kaang! kang! ka-gak!

Your powers have been sealed.

"You can't use it without a magical enhancement, or without the aid of a superpower."

-Kang!

"Ahem!"

Soon, the enchantments that could only be used with the aid of self-suggestion were also blocked.

It's not Gladen Amorelle, it's not Ludwig.

Scarlett was my nemesis.

Scarlett's talents are of no use to anyone in this position.

Scarlett's talent only works for me.

Scarlett might lose to Gladen Amorell, and I might beat Gladen Amorell.

Scarlet can be overwhelmingly dominant for me.

-Kang! kang! kagak!

Ducking back and barely managing to deflect Scarlett's barrage of swords is only possible because her body remembers things that should be called wrong answer notes, if not the basics she's been working on.

She must beat Scarlett through sheer skill.

But is that even possible?

My opponent's time and mine are qualitatively different, but quantitatively, Scarlett wins.

Self-suggestion had become a part of me. Now that it was gone in a combat situation, I felt like I was missing an arm and a leg.

I didn't realize it when I was using it like my own body, but now that it was cut off, I was feeling extremely helpless and empty.

Self-implication was the bulk of my power.

Without superpowers, I've never been so bad.

-Ka-ching!

Scarlet thrust my sword upward, twisting the hilt and slashing at my throat with it.

"Aha!"

-pot!

Reverse recall.

-Royal class Scarlett takes 1 set!

I, lost the first set.





Episode 294.





-Waaaaaah!

Some people in the audience were cheering, but others who had been following the tournament since yesterday were confused.

"What the hell, why did Reinhardt lose!"

Olivia Ranze blurted out, not understanding.

This was mostly the case in Royal Class. Even the B class was like that.

The undefeated Reinhardt repeatedly backed away from Scarlett, only to be pushed back and drop the first set.

Without any magical enhancements, she was simply being pushed back. Sure, Scarlett's swordplay was flashy and quick, and she found the right gaps.

Reinhardt was strangely helpless.

Everyone in the room realizes that things are a little weird, but they don't know what exactly is weird.

"I'm not using my superpowers."

Except for Ellen.

"......what?"

"I'm not using my superpowers."

No one else does, but Ellen does.

Having shared a sword with Reinhardt more times than she can count, Ellen knows everything about his sword. When he uses it, when he doesn't, and when he uses it and uses the power of temporary enhancement. Ellen knew every detail of it.

So now Ellen could see that Reinhardt was somehow not using the power of self-suggestion at all.

"Why can't I use it?"

"I don't know."

It was Harriet who spoke up at Ellen's words.

"That....... I thought her powers were immune. Maybe that has something to do with it?"

Ellen doesn't know much about Class B's work, but Harriet does, thanks to the Magical Research Society. Immunity, a very unique but very powerful talent, depending on the circumstances.

At the suggestion that it might be working, Ellen nodded.

"So, you're saying Reinhardt can't use his superpowers......."

"What the hell, Reinhardt has a superpower of organs and it's not fair to let him use them, ahhh!"

Olivia sulked, and we all agreed that superpowers were already cheating enough.

The guy who's ridiculously pro-Reinhardt now knows that Reinhardt is a great man who would defend him no matter what he did, no matter what the reason.

He's too tired to talk about, so it's best to let him rampage on his own.

Bottom line.

An odd talent called immunity.

That's what makes Reinhardt so influential.

Hearing that, Saviolin Tana looked at Reinhardt, who had been recalled to the match for the second set.

Charlotte watched Scarlett and Reinhardt.

Scarlett, Reinhardt.

They both mean different things to you, but they are important to you.

They are the ones who feel sorry for the other when their heart leans one way or the other.

But this time, we're up against a bad opponent.

"What will happen?"

At Charlotte's question, Saviolin Tana shook her head.

"Reinhardt must be hard."

Saviolin Tana doesn't know much about Reinhardt's psychic powers, but if he can't even use his magical enhancements as a result, it's a no-win situation.

"Unless you summon Tiamata.

But that's not something you can easily show.

Saviolin Tana predicted Reinhardt's defeat.

If she had met Scarlett in the final, she could have been runner-up, or if she had fallen in the other group in the quarterfinals, she could have won.

As a result.

Reinhardt had very bad luck.



* * *



I ended up handing over the next set similarly to the first.

-Current set score 2:0! If Scarlett can take one more set, she's guaranteed a spot in the finals!

The moderator's voice rang in my ears like a madman.

The screen alternated between a calm Scarlett and a tense me. She said she would do her best, and she was.

I also did my best in practice matches, maximizing my strength.

Scarlett has been dealing with me without using her powers so far.

Scarlett does her best to honor me, or at least pay homage to me.

The words "cut her some slack" rose to the top of my throat, but they wouldn't leave my mouth. I have my powers, and Scarlett has hers.

They just take advantage of each other.

Scarlett doesn't laugh at me when I'm losing badly, and she doesn't worry about me.

I'm your idol?

Why am I your idol when I am so weak in your presence?

I know I'm not talking about the skill part, of course, but in front of Scarlett's expressionless face, I couldn't find a way to get through to him.

I was using a superpower to leapfrog an opponent who had a significant skill gap in the first place.

With those tools unavailable, there was no way I could overpower Scarlett.

I hadn't expected to be stopped by Scarlett.

I hadn't considered the possibility that Scarlett's talents might block my superpowers, and since that wasn't possible in the original, I figured it couldn't be possible here.

Using Riana as an example, in the original game, if Riana's Charge hits Scarlett, it does no damage to Scarlett.

Right now, Riana won't even be able to trigger a charge in front of Scarlett.

I had to admit it.

I was arrogant.

I wasn't thinking about Scarlett, I was thinking about the final after Scarlett.

But the reality is that I struggled here, dropped two sets, and now have to accept defeat.

There's no way to beat it.

After all, superpowers were most of me. In Scarlett's case, it was a bad match.

Rest assured, Scarlett is the only one in the world with that level of immunity.

When you wonder if the price of arrogance is defeat.

"Did you give up?"

The start of set 3 has already been announced, and Scarlett asks without approaching.

"......."

"Is it because I'm a superhuman who just happened to have superpowers, and without them, I'm an incompetent, shitty person who can't do magic or anything else?"

Scarlett says, "That's not true. Is that a criticism of me?

Are you laughing at me, calling me pathetic, a dog running away with its tail between its legs because there's nothing left to believe in?

It didn't sound like it.

"It's not."

Scarlett says, pointing her sword at me.

"When you're fighting with a third grader, and you know no one's going to help you, and you know you're only going to get worse if you get up, but you keep....... You kept getting up."

Scarlett takes a step toward me.

"I remember the look in your eyes."

What I was thinking then.

It was a long time ago, so I don't remember much about it. But sometimes, what you go through, someone else remembers better.

Scarlett seemed to think so.

It was a powerful memory for me, but it seemed to be even more powerful for Scarlett.

With nothing to play for and everyone wanting me to lose, I got up and kept getting up even as I was getting beaten, blown up, and knocked down.

My side was nowhere to be found.

Still, I managed to get up and give Mayarton a run for his money, eventually awakening his superpowers.

The look in his eyes, of course, is my look, so I don't know.

But Scarlett remembered.

"Show me that look again."

Scarlett slowly walks toward me.

They don't come to hold my hand, they come to point a sword at me.

Emotions are inherently unbalanced.

Scarlett was not important to me, but I was important to her. I hadn't done anything for her, but she had taken something from me, and through her efforts to make sense of it and to change, she had become a different person, with different abilities.

That's why Scarlett says I'm her idol.

Scarlett doesn't want me to give up here.

They don't want to see their idol run off with his tail between his legs because his powers are finally sealed.

Just like then.

You want to see them grit their teeth and get up and do something.

Scarlett doesn't know me. She only idolizes me. In her idolization, Scarlet has a version of me that she wants me to be, and it's not the real me.

A magnified, self-defined, and in a sense deified part of myself.

Scarlett wants something from me.

There's no reason for me to fulfill that wish.

This is coercion.

You can do it.

So show me.

Show me that I'm no match for you.

In Scarlett's calm, serene eyes, I see a certain intensity that he wishes for me.

Someone who I hope will forever remain my hero, someone who I hope will continue to be in front of me by becoming an even greater person.......

Obsession.

Painful childhood experiences twist people. Scarlett is no exception.

The memories of the streets and the bullying at the Temple, where Scarlett had been twisted. She may have gotten out of the quagmire, but she could not help but give herself over to a new twist.

Scarlett found her salvation in me, not in Charlotte.

Therefore, the nation that has found salvation wants me to stick to my way of life.

Like you've always done, even when you know you shouldn't.

This time, you're going to be your own trial, and you're going to hopefully overcome it.

Now that my superpowers have been neutralized, I'm not much different than I was at Mayaton in my first semester.

Scarlett turned me into a first-semester nerd.

As in, get over it.

What if I lose, what if I don't find the answer.

Will Scarlett be disappointed in me?

If you're disappointed, what's next.

Does he despair when he realizes I can no longer be his idol?

There's no reason I should be responsible for all those feelings. Scarlett only idolizes me and tests me.

However, I learned the real reason Scarlett entered the tournament.

I wasn't trying to prove anything.

It was for a completely different reason than the original.

Scarlett entered the tournament to make me prove something, not herself.

He knew he was his own worst enemy, and he wanted to see me surpass myself.

It can't fulfill every wish, and there's no reason it should.

I never said I wanted to be your idol, and there's no reason I should be.

Scarlet is no better.

He's not better, he's different.

He had a life that was bound to be twisted, he just met me and got twisted in a different way.

Scarlett.

I didn't always feel comfortable around him.

I'm a victim of what I think is a weird setup: being bullied for having red hair and red eyes.

It felt uncomfortable and weird, like my mistakes were walking around in real life every time I saw them. So when Charlotte protected Scarlett, I felt a little less guilty.

Somehow that worked out.

I felt a strange sense of guilt and relief that someone else had solved my problem.

Maybe I was hoping someone would fix it for me because I didn't want to ruin the original storyline, and I knew it was a cop-out, but I let it happen anyway.

But the answer was actually on my end, not Charlotte's.

I don't know what happens when Scarlett can no longer idolize me. But the Scarlett who idolizes me gets along with everyone and tries to stand up for herself.

Any problems that arise from idolizing me will only happen to me.

He might force me to do something, he might have unreasonable expectations of me, and he might be unreasonably disappointed.

If yes.

It's a fitting price to pay for my part in creating your misery.

"Yes, Scarlett."

If anything, it cleared my head.

I grip my sword and point it at Scarlett, who takes a step closer.

Self-implication is unresponsive.

"I don't know what you want from me."

But that doesn't mean the experience is gone.

The answer is only there.

"I'll show you more than that."

Enchantment.

Without even the aid of self-implication, it has to be done.

You might get hurt, you might get injured.

If you get knocked out, you don't win.

But, hey, it's okay. My classmate, the one who says I'm his idol, the one who wants to live with what's broken and too late to fix, says something to me.

He lived the misery I described.

You can't fix it, but you can live with it.

It can do that much.

I don't feel it, but I've felt it.

It doesn't seem possible, but I've done it.

Like going from a tetrapod to a unicycle.

It's a short ride.

Believing you can get a little further.

It doesn't generate as much power as faith, but that's what faith is in the first place.

It's rather odd that the power has been generated as you believe.

In the first place, faith is an unanswered echo.

Therefore, I believe, as all humans do, having regressed to a primal state of faith.

I, can.

You've harnessed the power that runs through your body before, so there's no reason why you can't do it again.

I nudge the things that feel right.

Scarlett watches me.

-Woof

The feeling of exhilaration in my body was like nothing I'd ever felt before.

Without the aid of self-suggestion, I am only now truly on the path to superhumanity.

"...... You did it."

"Yeah."

Scarlett was more pleased than I was that I had gotten stronger.

You're broken.

Just like the rest of the world.

Like I'm responsible for every bad thing that happened to you.

If you've overcome all your problems by idolizing me, if you're the way you are because I'm always in front of you.

"Here we go."

Forever, I will remain your idol.





Episode 295.





The moment I used the enchantment, the outcome was decided before the swords ever crossed.

Before Reinhardt's body was engulfed in blue magic flames, Scarlett had already lost her sword the next moment.

-Ka-ching!

Reinhardt's sword bounced off Scarlett's sword as he lunged forward.

Most martial arts techniques are designed to be used against opponents of the same class. Therefore, a fight between a superhuman and a non-superhuman is not a fight because of skill, but because of the weight class itself.

Weapon loss.

In other words, unable to fight.

-The third set is won by Mr. Reinhardt!

Set 3 ended with a shout out from the moderator.

"What the hell is going on here?"

Olivia didn't seem to understand. She didn't realize that Reinhardt could only use his Enchantment with the aid of Self-Suggestion, so it would seem that he had been deliberately avoiding using it until now.

Ellen and Scarlett are the only ones who know about it.

Ellen was the only one in the room who could see exactly how Reinhardt had grown in that brief moment.

Ellen clenched her fists involuntarily.

'Reinhard.......'

Reinhardt took the next step. No one else could know, but Ellen knew only too well how big a step that was.

I'm so glad it did.

Ellen had to fight back the urge to get up and run to Reinhard.

Ellen's excitement and the audience's bewilderment aside, the game goes on anyway.

Wins and losses are 2:1.

Even if Reinhardt succeeds in enhancing his magic without the aid of psychic powers, it's a double-edged sword.

For the next two sets, you'll have to rely on your magic to beat Scarlett, as you won't be able to use your psychic powers.

But if they do, will they be able to compete in the remaining finals?

We survived the crisis, but it was clear that the win was in doubt.

-Okay, let's go ahead and start set 4.......

However, Scarlett and Reinhardt are facing each other. Suddenly, Scarlett raises her hand.

-Yes, what happened to....... ah.

The emcee's panicked voice echoed through the stadium.

-Scarlett, a first-year rookie in the royal class, declared an abstention.

Abstain.

This out-of-the-blue declaration stunned the audience, as well as his opponent Reinhardt.



* * *



Waiting room.

"Reinhardt needs to win, we can't afford to lose any more steam here.

Scarlett abstained with those words.

It seemed to be satisfied already.

Scarlett wanted to see me not give up. My reaction when my most powerful force and tool, my superpowers, were neutralized.

Scarlett wanted me to get through it somehow, because she always showed me something, and she never gave up, so hopefully this time she would too.

I, somehow, reciprocated that unforced compulsion.

That was the purpose of Scarlet in the first place.

The moment I succeeded in enhancing my powers without the aid of psychic powers, and mastered myself, Scarlett stopped testing me.

If the set had continued, the outcome would have been unclear.

A split second.

It was a short-lived magical enhancement, but it was used without the aid of psychic powers.

My fingertips were tingling and a bizarre pain was coursing through my body, as if every muscle in my body had been torn.

Even with the help of self-suggestion, I couldn't use the power for a long time, and I couldn't help but overload my body even more.

Scarlett could have beaten me. But in the end, when she saw what she wanted, she gave up.

Blah, blah, blah.

I didn't want to, but in the end, Scarlett was playing in the tournament to push me to the next level.

I'm going full throttle. You can do things in this stadium that you can't do in practice.

The crowd went wild, but I went back to the waiting room, and Scarlett went back to tell me to win.

It was an uncomfortable, yet somehow responsible, stare, as if expectations were being imposed. If I had been a normal person, if I had been Reinhardt, I would have told him to cut the crap.

But Scarlett felt indebted to him in more ways than one, so she didn't say anything.

Ludwig and Gladen Amorelle left to prepare for their next match.

So, I was the only one in the waiting room with the first graders, and I was the only one in the stands.

No matter who comes up, I can use self-suggestion this time. Scarlett, my most unexpected adversary, dropped out when I showed him what he was expecting.

Ellen was probably the only one in the audience who noticed my change.

It's been three months since I've been nagged so hard by someone to enchant, and it's been three months since I've had to say no.

This time, however, he succeeded in enhancing his power without the aid of psychic powers.

......Can I have your compliments?

What is it?

I sound like a kid who wants a pat on the back for doing something good.

No, actually, Ellen is also my teacher, so it's not that different, is it?

Anyway, a lonely waiting room.

I sat down to watch the semifinals, which would determine my final opponent, while continuing to self-suggest to get back on track.

How long has it been.

-All right, the second game of the first grade tournament quarterfinals is about to begin!

Ludwig and Gladen Amorell were stepping onto the field.

In the original, Ludwig doesn't get a single set from Gladen Amorelle.

Ellen doesn't give up a single set to such a Gladen Amorelle.

But Ludwig is even stronger than he was in the original.

Still, he's not going to win. He's technically next to Ellen and me at this point. If he ever awakens to the power of magic, he'll be above me in a heartbeat. Except for Scarlet, who is a bit of a special case.

Willpower doesn't always equal power.

I, too, felt uncomfortable in the moment of self-suggestion, knowing that the power I wanted was not in my body.

I had gotten used to my superpowers.

It reminded me of how ridiculous it is to derive power from beliefs that don't have an inherent answer.

But Ludwig decided to stop talking about losing.

The screen illuminates Ludwig's face.

Ludwig, always with a slight smile on his face and a nice, personable expression.

His face was set, cold and hard.

I had never seen that look before.



* * *



Gladen Amorell.

He was an A-1 in Grade 1 of the Orbis Class, and his skills were not at all comparable to the Royal Class, making him a strong prospect for the next generation of the Orbis Class.

You can do it.

You can take down the royalty. Just keep doing what you're doing. No, you can do more, harder.

I've heard that phrase so many times that it's stuck in my head.

He does what he's supposed to do, when he's supposed to do it, better than anyone else.

Gladen Amorell.

Those who, in a sense of forced improvement, thought it was something they had to endure, but found it to be hell and fled from it.

Gladden Amorelle has found a way to laugh and relax.

Now that he's realized that there's no reason he should have to live a forced life, Gladen Amorel is more likely to be nice and kind to others than he used to be.

I don't have to live with the feeling of someone following me around.

But that doesn't mean I'm lazy. In fact, I feel like I've gotten better because I've somehow found the time to focus on the things I want to practice.

The satisfaction of voluntary training.

So while Gladen Amorelle's personality has changed, his skills haven't regressed. In fact, it's safe to say he's evolved.

The man who hadn't laughed in a while smiled again.

However, the relative.

Royal Class B-11 Ludwig.

Ludwig's good-natured, easy-going, friendly face was not smiling now. As if he was determined to do something.

It's as if there's a wall behind you, and once you reach it, it's all over.

A smiling Ludwig pointed his sword at Gladen Amorel.

Reversed, they are pointing their swords at each other.

Gladen Amorell says to Ludwig.

"Sounds like you have your heart in the right place."

"......."

After a moment of silence, Ludwig turns to Gladen Amorelle, his face still stony.

"I'm the last horse in the royal class, which means my talent is good enough to get me into the royal class, but I'm the least talented in the room."

"......, what's your talent?"

"Stamina."

Normally, Ludwig would be grinning like an idiot and scratching his head, but now he was stoic, speaking with a straight face.

"But I had a friend in Class A who was infinite, who didn't have a single talent. Even in Class B, he was talking a lot, saying that Class 11 should be his. Of course, I didn't think so."

"But the point is, he really, really had nothing, not even the slightest advantage of physical strength like I had."

"But he might be weak, but he wasn't weak, and that's not a good thing, but he didn't let all the bad things that happened to him get him down. No matter how many times he got knocked down, no matter how many times he got knocked down, he always got back up, even in those moments when it would have been easy to give up, when it would have been right to give up."

Gladen Amorel seemed to know who Ludwig was talking about.

"I'm the opposite."

"Let's work hard. Whatever it takes, and if I work hard enough, I'll be able to keep up with my incredibly talented classmates, even if I'm losing right now. That's what I believed."

"I was living in the mindset of a loser."

Always wait for later.

I've been too objective about who I am. I'm not good enough for him yet. I'm not good enough for him, so let's work hard. I'm still losing, but one day I'll be able to stand side by side.

I can't help it for now.

"But he knew he shouldn't, but he kept going. Bumping and falling and getting hurt, believing he could win even though he couldn't. I've spent this year trying to do things that are impossible and reckless."

"Right now, I'm much weaker than him."

"Obviously, I was originally stronger than him, but while I was rationalizing a lot of other things based on the idea that I was working harder, he was outrunning me and going the distance."

"While I was hiding behind excuses for myself, telling myself that I'm just working hard enough, he was tackling the impossible. Something that shouldn't be possible, but he believed it could be."

"Yeah. I admire Reinhardt."

"To catch up to this distance that has already been caught up."

"I think that's what I need to do from now on."

"I can't, but I believe I should, and I'm going to do it, because Reinhardt said I should believe it."

"I'm not going to hide behind the excuse that I'm working harder now, because that's just going to keep me stuck."

Ludwig grips his sword and looks at Gladen Amorel.

Gone is Ludwig, the bottom of the class B who accepted reality and resigned himself to it in the name of hard work and grit.

Changes.

Now, I don't console myself by saying I'll do my best.

To do well, not hard.

Not to do your best, but to win.

"So."

You find yourself scratching your head at all the things that didn't work out, saying that it will work out better later.

Now discard it.

Willpower is not power.

However, there is only one person in the world who knows the truth about this world.

Will is not power, but Ludwig is the hero of this world.

Causal nuclei.

By their very nature, protagonists can turn their will into power.

Such a protagonist.

Ludwig declares.

"I."

"Null."

"Win."

The world is, and always will be, on his side.



* * *



What the fuck is that?

I couldn't help but roll my eyes at the quarterfinal results.

The score was 3:0 in favor of Ludwig.

We seemed to be having a conversation, but when the duel started, things didn't go the way I thought they would.

Ludwig's sword struck Gladen Amorel with overwhelming force.

It's not even a disenchantment.

It's not like you have superpowers.

Ludwig used his physical strength alone to counteract every sword Gladen Amorell threw at him and stabbed back.

Overwhelming weight class difference.

Something that could only be done with a magical enhancement, Ludwig had done with his bare hands.

People in the audience stared at Ludwig, who had just defeated Gladen Amorell with monstrous strength.

-Waaaaaah!

While those who don't know the situation are thrilled by the overwhelming and enormous fight itself, I'm left speechless.

That's not the kind of speed and reaction you can get without a disenchantment.

We don't know what we did, but Ludwig is different.

This is bad enough without enchantments, but with enchantments, you're going to be even crazier.

I could tell that my words from yesterday had somehow resonated with Ludwig.

Will cannot be power. Except for me, who has the power of self-suggestion and word.

I watched as a stern-faced Ludwig stood tall amidst the cheers of the crowd.

I realized what I was overlooking.

Saviolin Tana, the current reigning world champion.

Ellen, the next worldbuilder.

Olivia Ranze, another World's Strongest candidate who survived when she should have died.

One of the most talented people in the history of magic, Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

And I, who had the gift of infinity and grew tremendously in a year.

What the hell.

-Waaaaaah!

In the end, the main character is Ludwig.

The protagonist can turn will into power. Anger, sorrow, vengeance, and desire can be transformed into strength, giving them unbelievable power. The world bends to Ludwig's wishes, even if there is no reason for it.

When you need strength, use strength.

In situations where deferral is required, use deferred.

The power I have.

Self-implication is, after all, a degradation of Ludwig's power.

The power to turn will into power was originally Ludwig's.

The world is built for the protagonist, and Ludwig will have everything he needs.

Ludwig looks somewhere.

To be precise, look at the inner bleachers.

I look through the window at Ludwig.

Ludwig looks up at me.

The guy who said he'd meet me in the finals, did meet me in the finals.



* * *



Nothing worked out the way I thought it would.

Nothing is easy, just as it was foolish to believe that a 10,000 achievement point challenge would be easy in the first place.

I struggled against Scarlett, who I hadn't really considered, and it looked like I was going to lose, but his withdrawal put me in the final.

Gladen Amorelle was eliminated by Ludwig by an overwhelming margin.

If I work hard enough, I'll get to you guys someday.

Ludwig, who believed so, abandoned his weakness.

A situation that is so different from the original plot that it is now impossible to predict and has become meaningless.

You're not awakening an enchantment, and you're not using superpowers.

It's just a protagonist.

That one advantage made Ludwig stronger.

After a short break, it's time for the finals.

You're not feeling your best. But that doesn't mean you're in bad shape.

If you use Self-Suggestion, you'll be able to match Ludwig, and if you use Enchantment, you'll be able to overwhelm him.

But you don't know if it's going to make it to 3 sets or not.

If I don't get it right, I'll be in the pathetic position of not losing to Ludwig, but losing to a failure to condition.

-The long-awaited final stage is about to begin: the battle between Royal Class A and Class B!

I see you're avoiding the whole "battle of the bottom" thing.

Ludwig and I were facing each other as the moderator spoke. Our faces, which had been smiling, had hardened.

Now there's a look I like.

Ludwig, who had been lacking in seriousness, became serious.

"I guess that worked, huh?"

"...... I think it was."

Ludwig seemed to have a hard time believing what had happened to him. Ludwig stares at me.

"I wonder if I can follow you."

"You haven't learned yet. Asshole."

Holding the sword, I smile at Ludwig.

"Don't think you can keep up. No, think you can trample over things like you and stand on top of them."

"Haha....... Yeah. That's right. Something like that."

Ludwig looks at me with a smile. But it's not the coy smile he's been showing me.

"Well, that's odd, Reinhardt, you're certainly strong, but there are plenty of people stronger than you......."

Ludwig grips his sword and sighs.

"At some point, ....... doesn't work."

"What?"

"That I beat you."

The smile fades from Ludwig's face once more.

"Well, I can't quite picture it."

That look on Ludwig's face, those words, I knew.

Because there is only one being who thinks so.

The one who will be looking at me from the audience.

There are many who are stronger than him, and many who are better than him.

But. I can't picture myself defeating Ellen Artorius. She'll always be the same, looking down on me from a vantage point far above me, and teaching me swordsmanship.

In the original, Ellen was that to Ludwig.

A wall you can't follow, no matter how hard you try. Something you always have to look up at.

Now, it's my job to look at Ellen.

"You're getting stronger so fast that no matter how hard I try to keep up, you're going to be way ahead of me."

No wonder.

Ellen came in already strong, but I started from a worse position than Ludwig and faded away.

That's why Ludwig's eyes are on me, not Ellen.

I can't help but think, why can't I be like Reinhardt?

Ludwig was feeling barriers to me, not Ellen, and he was forced to make me his object.

Ellen may be stronger than me, but Ludwig's goal is to overtake me.

An insurmountable wall.

For Ludwig, the wall had become me, not Ellen.

Ellen's place in the original is now mine.

The long-awaited finals of the 1st grade tournament are here!

The protagonist's eternal rival and object of admiration.

That's my role in this world.

"I don't think so, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt."

Ludwig takes a deep breath.

"I can beat you."

I sheathe my sword. I turn to face Ludwig.

I only taught Ludwig one thing.

Make resolutions for victory, not excuses for defeat.

It's not much, but it's what I taught them after all.

"No."

And, it's my specialty.

"You, you can't beat me."





Ludwig looks at me and says

"I."

I look at Ludwig and say.

"I."

And we look at each other and say at the same time

"You. I win."

-Kurung!

Blue magic enveloped my body, and Ludwig leapt at me, stomping his feet.

-Quack!

The moment their swords clashed, they shattered as if they had made a promise.





Episode 296.





The sword is broken.

But neither I nor Ludwig was fazed. As if he knew it, Ludwig tried to strike me in the head with the pommel of his broken sword.

"Suck!"

Enchantment.

Answer.

I let go of his head and drove my fist into Ludwig's abdomen.

-Bam!

-Puck!

"Poof!"

"Suck!"

Ludwig rolled several times across the floor before getting to his feet, the blow to the stomach terrifying. Their arms were broken. No time to reload.

I threw the broken sword away, and so did Ludwig.

Ludwig pounces, and the longer I hold on to the enchantment, the harder the next set becomes, so I have to finish quickly.

Ludwig, who has fallen, is scrambling to his feet, looking for a ground-and-pound.

Pounding after a tackle.

That's what we're aiming for for now.

-Thump!

Ludwig fell on top of me, crashing to the ground.

At this point, it's already over.

A moment of reflection.

The moment he fell, he grabbed me around the waist and flipped me over.

Enchantments provide protection, but do not add weight per se.

-Thump!

In an instant, I lost my balance and flew backwards.

Crazy.

The subject hasn't even been disenchanted, and his power is already out of the realm of normal.

That's a monster bigger than me.

Me, the unsteady hand.

Ludwig may lack physicality, but he makes up for it in staying power.

I don't know what the hell happened to his body, but I can't fight him without magnetic suggestion and magical enhancements.

I win.

I never thought I'd be in a position to rival it, but it shouldn't be any easier than it already is.

Just as in the original, Ellen's mere existence spurred Ludwig's growth.

I am also a growth engine that makes Ludwig stronger just by existing.

I even stir up Ludwig's tenuous sense of jealousy and inferiority because I started at the bottom.

The stronger I get, the faster Ludwig gets stronger.

I, for one, will not lose to you.

You will only be stronger if I am always a wall above you.

The protagonist must be strong.

One day you will be stronger than me, but for now I must be stronger than you.

That's what a rival is.

So, you can't lose.

I'm finally getting serious with the guy I created but always avoided because he was a subtle asshole.

He sees me as a serious rival, and I can't help but agree.

The last one standing is the winner.

You, for now, must lose to me.

I will concede the final victory, and you must continue to lose to me.

To do this, I don't think I can lose, but at the same time, I believe I can't lose.

"You, you can't beat me."

Declare that you will never lose.

"Suck!"

I lunge at Ludwig and throw a punch, but he dodges my outstretched arm with a shake of his head and grabs me by the arm to take me to the ground.

However, as I ran into the force of his pull, I brought my knee up to meet Ludwig's chin.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

Ludwig takes a solid knee to the jaw and stumbles backwards.

Ludwig rolled around a few times before waking up.

I looked at Ludwig's gums to see if he was okay, and saw a trickle of blood.

He doesn't even look sick. You have to give him credit for grit. Of course, it's only in situations like this that pain is felt less.

You can't lose.

The unexpected variables of this tournament, which I entered for achievement points, changed my purpose.

Scarlett and Ludwig, who were merely competitors, meant me in different ways.

I didn't think I had much of a connection, but as a result of my actions up to this point, these guys were seeing me in different ways, but ultimately similarly.

Scarlett was idolizing me.

Ludwig wanted to catch up with me, but he felt like I was a wall he could never reach.

So, I'll give you a landslide victory.

For the sake of the growth of this weirdo who wants to climb every wall he can't climb, I have to.

So, let me show you.

Ludwig rushes toward me, his lips bitten off and bloodied.

You've shaped this world so that it's on your side, but I have more.

Self-implied.

Words.

Enchantment.

And the feeling.

And a training partner named Ellen.

Under all conditions, Ludwig can't keep up with me.

So, trample it.

In this moment, your greatest weapon is not an enchantment, nor is it a superpower, it's your instincts.

Read it out loud.

To lunge is to take an action that causes your center of gravity to shift forward.

Timing is everything.

If you can read what step they're going to attack and how they're going to come in, you can put a counter in.

While it's important to know which foot you're powering through, it's even more important to look at your shoulders. You can predict the movement of the arm by looking at the shoulder. Someone skilled in martial arts might be able to throw a punch without moving their shoulders, but neither Ludwig nor I are at that level.

If the waist is moving instead of the arms, we can assume that the attacker is going to use their feet.

Moving with a sword is no different in the end. Every action has a starting point, and it must come from the body.

Ludwig's right shoulder falls back as he runs.

The right shoulder pulls back slightly, which means the right arm is about to reach out to me.

If so, you're trying to use your left foot as an axis and your right fist in my face.

It seemed too accurate.

There are many ways to do this.

Ludwig can either slip his right fist out and use his left fist to punch deep into his face, or he can use the thrust of his incoming right arm as a weapon.

The moment you read what's coming, the game is already won or lost.

I neither deflected nor returned the attack.

Before Ludwig can even get into an attacking stance with his left foot.

I take a step, or rather a poke, forward.

We know that as soon as Ludwig's left foot hits the ground, he will move his right shoulder on the axis of his left foot.

I poked the point one timing ahead.

The moment just before the attack begins.

-Bam!

I kicked the crap out of him just before his left foot touched the floor.

"Boom!"

As a result, it looked like he was lunging to kick me.

It's even more damaging because it happened when you weren't prepared for it.

Ludwig didn't get up this time as he sprawled across the floor. It was a perfect counter, with the power of magic and self-reinforcement.

It's weird to wake up.

-First set! Mr. Ludwig has been declared incapacitated, so Mr. Reinhardt takes the match!

Ludwig didn't even wake up.

"ugh......."

As the priests rushed to his aid, Ludwig collapsed and looked up at me.

It was like looking at an inscrutable being.

In fact, I only had to see Ludwig lunge to take him down with a single, precise blow.

It reads perfectly. No matter what I do in the future, it will eventually read.

How the hell am I supposed to beat an opponent like that?

He had a pensive look on his face.

My trait of clairvoyance was giving me too much efficiency. Partly, I suppose, because it's the power I've been given in exchange for the most dangerous thing I've ever done.

I was smiling.

"I told you you couldn't win."

"......."

Not yet.

I swallowed that afterthought.

I felt like a villain.

No, he's actually the villain. Because I'm the Devil, and Ludwig is the second hero of humanity after Lagan Artorius.

A warrior who is always defeated by demons.

But maybe one day we'll catch up with the devil and do justice.

The overly perfect picture seemed to foreshadow my eventual downfall.

After being healed by the priests, Ludwig stands up.

"Let's try again. Reinhardt."

Ludwig wonders if it's a good idea to have such an inscrutable opponent as a rival, but he doesn't give up.

"It won't be much different."

"Still, you never know until you try."

He'll fall again and again, but he'll get back up.

You're not going to give up, you're going to keep bumping up against it.

I've always been the egg that breaks the rock, but this guy is the one that throws the egg until the rock breaks.

I don't consider myself superior to Ludwig.

Someone who has never been broken, someone who has been broken hundreds or thousands of times and still gets back up.

Ludwig will be greater than the likes of me.

However, greatness doesn't buy you victories.

Right now, I'm stronger, and Ludwig can't cross the gap.

-Set score is 1:0! Reinhardt has taken the first set! Okay, second set of the first grade tournament final, starting now!

-Waaaaaah!

Amidst a roar that I had become accustomed to after only two days, Ludwig and I were issued replenished armor.

This time, a sword.

What's the difference between a fist and a sword?

In this first-year tournament, which was already full of upsets, there were no more.

I took a commanding victory in two straight sets.

And so, I won.



* * *



I'm technically outclassed by most close combat majors, but I'm outclassed by Ludwig.

So no matter how much his physicals rise, I'm still ahead of him with the enchantment, and his moves are too easy to read.

This is a fight where it didn't make sense for me to lose even one set. Ludwig's only chance of victory was if I overdid the enchantments and burned out, and that didn't happen.

My victory in the final clinched first and second place, followed by a third and fourth place match between Scarlett and Glayden Amorel.

The result was a victory for Gladen Amorelle.

And just like that, the first-year tournament is over.

I never thought I'd get to hold a trophy in my hands like this.



[Achievement - Win the First Grade Tournament].

[Earned 10,000 achievement points].



I've never scored so much in one go.

People have been cheering me on.

"Do you think I can keep up with you?"

There was no despair in Ludwig's defeated expression, but he seemed to sense the doubt.

"You know what I'm going to say, right?"

"......Yes."

Ludwig smiles at me.

"I'm supposed to believe I can catch up, right?"

"No."

I crossed my arms, holding my trophy.

"It's not a matter of believing, it's a matter of thinking."

"Oh, right. You did, didn't you?"

Uh oh.

Looks like the main character has been inducted into my school of self-suggestion, says Ludwig, winner of the 2nd place trophy.

"I can keep up with you, Reinhardt."

"What do you mean no way?"

It's a strange religion, where you want me to believe that your version of the future is true, but I don't agree with it.

Believe in your own future.

In the end, I and Ludwig had similar powers, albeit different ones.

I did run into some weird stuff while trying to earn achievement points, but my plan didn't deviate too much.

I won.

That day, Ellen was watching from afar.

He said he'd punish me if I didn't win.

Because you won.

Do you want a pat on the back?





Episode 297.





"Compliments."

"Well."

"Compliments."

"Well."

The same question was asked twice, and Ellen and I glared at each other fatally.

"You said you'd scold me if I didn't win, so I should praise you because I did!"

"I didn't say anything about compliments."

"Reinhardt's the best, you knew he was going to win!"

"...... is so full of platitudes that it doesn't even inspire me."

"Seo Woon Hae Ee Ee Ee!"

Ellen said she hadn't agreed to praise me, so she upped the ante. Eventually, the tournament was over, and I won, even though everyone saw it coming.

They won and lost fights, but they didn't have a grudge against each other. Ludwig was Ludwig, Scarlett was Scarlett, and they were unique.

Just like yesterday, all the members of Class A and B celebrated their victory together.

It is a festival, after all.

Both Harriet and Charlotte congratulated me on my win.

Ellen also stopped me on the way back to the dorm. We waited for everyone to go home, and then it was just the two of us.

"......."

Ellen was stumped.

I could give you some compliments, but do you think you can't handle me saying that?

He was a little red in the face.

"I....... Saying things like this. A little. It's weird....... I know."

"......what."

"I was proud of ......."

I felt like my head was going white from the sound of it.

"You, I was proud of you."

That's a little more than pleasing.

I was stumped.

No, not awesome, cool, or proud, which is a weird word!

"Are you my mom?"

At my words, Ellen's face turned fat again. You act like you've been raising me like a baby.

You know I fed you more than enough to eat.

"I taught you."

This kid, who was hopeless, ended up winning a tournament after I taught him for a year! He felt the same way!

"So you're the good guy after all?"

"Yes."

Ellen nodded and smiled.

"You've been good to me."

With that smile and those words, I didn't know what else to say.

It was mostly Ellen who made me who I am today. Ellen looks at me and smiles dazzlingly.

"You've done a great job, Reinhard. Congratulations."

"......."

In the end, even if it was all thanks to Ellen, I was the one who persisted in trying to learn swordsmanship by bullying her to the point of exhaustion.

There were a lot of coincidences and cheats, but I was the one who was willing to learn the hard way, swinging my sword, bumping and falling.

Not all of my power has come from hard work, but I can't say it hasn't been there.

That's why Ellen is telling me about all the hard work.

"What....... Thanks."

You whine for praise, but when you get it, you don't deserve it.......

Right.

Uh.

I even got a compliment from Ellen.

I don't think anyone disliked my win, and Ludwig and Scarlett seem to like me more, so it's a good result.

By the way.

My shoulders are getting heavier and heavier, and my stomach is rumbling like it's on fire.

This is due to the side effects of enchantments. In fact, I had to use enchantments for the entire third set to overwhelm Ludwig, and it was physically exhausting.

You're right, it's unreasonable.

I was dizzy, but not to the point of passing out or coughing up blood.

However, I don't think it's just about disenchantment again.

I'd like to get drunk on the joy of winning and forget about it for a while, but I can't forget until I try.

Today is Tuesday.

Tomorrow is Wednesday.

"ah......."

Pageantry.

It was coming up tomorrow.

Is this what it's like to cry and eat mustard.

My moodiness seemed to get worse, not better.

In the end, I gave up on qualifying for the Unlimited tournament because it was clear I wouldn't be in shape to do anything after the Women's event.



* * *



Tuesday night.

Hogwarts House.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen was experimenting in a safe room in the basement of his mansion. It's a very large laboratory, with enough crystallization, protection, and soundproofing magic to allow him to experiment with higher level destructive magic.

Outdoor labs are not out of the question, but since destructive magic is often accompanied by binge drinking, it's best to do it in a controlled environment.

It's a festival, and you can't do this experiment outside.

Inside the safe room, Herriot was experimenting with something, and outside, beyond the security window, the entire Magical Research Society was watching.

-Woof

A stream of flame shot from Herriot's fingertips and landed in a pile on the opposite wall.

-Bang!

Another explosion followed, this time a streak of flame that enveloped Herriot from the top of his head to his shoulders.

Lesser destructive magic called Firebolt.

In an instant, five fireballs form and hit all of them.

-Quack, quack, quack!

It was very fast, with almost no casting.

Herriot's wrists and forearms were streaked with blue energy lines.

"Success!"

"That's it......!"

"Wow, I can't believe this is actually happening......."

Herriot went on to demonstrate a number of sub-destructive spells, including Lightning Bolt, and even casting fireballs.

These are all spells that Herriot has mastered. And even if you don't specialize in destructive magic, you can still do this.

Except different.

You're casting unusually fast, and even multicasting.

When Herriot emerged from the safe room, all the members of the Magical Research Society's eyes lit up when they saw her.

"That's it! Are we done?"

At Christina's words, Harriet smiled wearily.

"Somewhat, but I think it needs some work."

"Junior, you're a genius!"

Redina jumped for joy like it was her job.

"There's no way this is going to be......."

Louis Ancton mumbled something incoherent. Harriet laughed at the dumbfounded Louis Ankton.

"What if it's something you made and you panic?"

"No....... It's just words, and I don't think it's exactly connected to the theory......."

Louis Ankton was even more stunned to see the spectacle he had envisioned come to life.

"This, I think, is a magic system that no one but you can use, like this....... There's no way other wizards can do it. I mean, I know it makes sense, but I never thought it was possible."

In other words, Herriot was using the tools that Louis had created too perfectly. The implication is that Louis Anckton was a genius for creating something like this in such a short time, but only Herriot was a better genius for using it.

"Really? Then I'm good."

On Herriot's right arm, beneath the cuff, blue, pictorial things hummed and glowed, then faded.

"Ugh, Reinhardt won too."

Herriot sighed heavily, stretching to see if he was tired.

"I should do something."

Unlimited tournaments are at a different level than Grade 1 tournaments.

Even though he didn't know who would win, he didn't think he was going to do badly.

The members of the Magical Research Society knew what Herriot could do, so they didn't think it was arrogant confidence.

An annoying human being who keeps interrupting and picking up bullshit.

Olivia Ranze.

She braced herself, determined to break his arrogant snout.

He's so focused on Ellen that he has no idea he's going to get hit in the wrong place.



* * *



Wednesday.

Herriot wasn't in the dorm because he was busy, and the girls competing in the Miss & Mr. Temple pageant weren't there because they wanted to start preparing properly.

In other words, everyone I know is busy with their own shit.

And.

I'm not idle either.

"Reinhard, we're going to watch the parade, do you want to come?"

For some reason, I've gotten to know them better since the tournament, the Ganodab brothers and Heinrich.

Kono Lindt looked at me and waved.

"No, I'm taking a break."

"Oh....... Did you push yourself a little too hard yesterday?"

"......."

It's true that it's overwhelming, and it's true that my body needs a break, but I can't take a break today.

Crossdressing contest....... I gotta go.......

With a 5 hp boost, this might just be the most important event of the festival.......

Right now my horsepower is 14.2, but if I go up 5, it will be 19.2.

Just 0.8 more points here and the Magic Dominance talent will bloom.

So I can't bring myself to give up.

In the end, it was a good situation for me to be in, where my best friends weren't asking me to go somewhere today.

No matter what I do, no one is going to care where everyone else is, so I can go to a cross-dressing convention and come back and no one is going to ask me where I've been.

You sneak out of your dorm to go to a cross-dressing convention and come back.

I'm such an asshole!

Yeah....... You're right, I am a madman who has sold his soul and dignity for events and challenges, but I crossed a river of no return when I turned into a woman and confessed to Kono Lint.

It's my karma.

If I stayed still, I'd get halfway there, but the asshole got wind of the weirdness and has been giving me this shit ever since.

If you hadn't done that, I might have given you a different festive event.

It's my fault, it's my fault, it's my big fault.



* * *



The pageant is held at night.

Of course, it's not going to be in a huge space like a main stadium, but in some kind of indoor auditorium in a regular classroom, but we already know the location.

It's lunchtime.

The competition starts at 6pm.

But I had to start preparing now: I had a dress that I could put on and take off by myself, but I couldn't do my own makeup.

I'm going to head out of the temple, get my makeup done by Elise, and return with my clothes.

And of course, I'm going out and back with a hood on.

Luckily, it's a festive time of year, so crowd control, including ID checks, is lax at the Temple Gate.

Once you're all set up outside the temple, you can kill some time in a secluded spot and then sneak in when it's time for the contest to start.

There's no point in wandering around in the temple.

I don't know why anyone would want to consider the number of cases of something like this in a covert operation.

In practice.

Oh my god, this makes me a million times more nervous than the tournament!

What if they recognize me? What if someone sees me? What if the moderator suddenly says, "Reinhardt!"?

Shouldn't we just go out? It's magic anyway, and if we keep doing it, we'll climb. Isn't it too much of a gamble? Do we really need to control magic? There are spirits?

Okay, no need to get greedy here, right?

Despite the mess in my head, I was now walking out of the dorm with a half-souled look on my face.

The streets were crowded with people during the festival. But wherever they were going, I couldn't be bothered.

I felt like my brain was going to split in two as I was simultaneously thinking about giving up on the pageant and trying to figure out what facial expression would make me look less like Reinhardt.

No, the brain is supposed to be left-brained and right-brained.

My mind was grinding away in real time, forgetting the obvious.

I don't know what the hell I'm doing, and it's broad daylight.

Elise was still running the store. Though it still didn't seem to be working.

But today, they closed the store and told me to wait at home.

A residential neighborhood near the Aligarh shopping district.

I knocked on the subterranean door and Elise answered it.

"Welcome, degradation."

"Uh."

She'd already gotten ready, and her room was clean and lined with makeup.

Eleris studied my complexion and shook her head.

"The tournament is at....... Didn't work out?"

"No, I won."

"But why does your face look like....... Ah."

Eleris nodded, the corners of her mouth twitching slightly, as if she'd forgotten why I couldn't help but look grim at the news of our victory.

"......But good job, Jae. That's some impressive growth."

"Thanks......."

After saying something I don't know if it was a compliment or a consolation, Elise sat me down in a chair.

"That....... Do you want to get started right away?"

"......I'm going to do it anyway, what's the point in dragging my feet?"

They both looked devastated.

I started by washing my face and using Sarkhegar's Ring to change my face into the shape I had previously molded.

It's a subtle difference, but add some makeup to it, change your expression, and you look like a completely different person.

The reflective shield she summoned reflected a face that had been slightly reshaped, but was still pale and silver-haired.

"......Why? Oh, no. No. Don't say anything."

It's weird to think about, I just changed a little bit, no makeup, and this is it!

It's like drawing a girl and calling her a boy!

"......Let's get started."

"......."

This is the beginning of a hellish time.

It's a day anyway.

In a day or so, you won't have to do this horrible thing anymore.

No matter how hellish things get in the world, you'll always remember it as the way it was. You can twist a chicken's head off, but the dawn will still come. Time marches on, the world turns upside down, and the pageant ends today!

No matter how slowly time passes, tomorrow will come, and when it does, I'll be able to say goodbye to this filthy mess, and all I'll have left is a bunch of fake hp and achievement points!

When you're done, you'll think, "Oh, I'm so glad I did that," and you'll swallow your shame and be proud of yourself for doing it!

I make excuses for myself to self-justify.

a.......

I think I'm going to level up my self-suggestion.





Episode 298.





I was ready to go. I got out with plenty of time to spare.

I've already changed my hair to the silver locks from last time. The expression is important, but I think the change in hair color also played a role.

The original impressions were much faded by Elise's and my exhausting efforts.

"Oh, well. Uh-huh."

And, most importantly.

Voice.

I changed my voice to an ambiguous one, not too feminine, not too masculine. With my original voice, there might be someone who would recognize me based on my voice alone.

In the end, it's sad to realize that making Reinhardt look so unrecognizable, and changing his voice so ambiguously, are all details for when he's found out.

If it were someone else, they could just be 180 degrees different.

I'd Rather....... Miss Temple was better.......

With the last insurance policy in place, there was no hesitation.

All that's left is to get back to the temple in time for the start of the pageant.

But if you're too timely, you never know what might happen. You'll have to get your team together before the start time to get ready in the first place.

So, I'm hanging out in Eleris' subterranean chambers, and I've just come out to the Aligarh shopping district.

Dress is casual.

It's not a temple uniform, obviously, and it's not women's clothing. It's just makeup and a different face shape and body type.

No...... Then you've changed everything, haven't you?

I was carrying my trunk, hood tucked into my robe, just in case anyone saw me.

I feel like I'm going on a secret mission.

Is status really that important.......

Did it really have to come to this.......

In a fit of self-doubt and self-rationalization, I slowly made my way toward Aligarh Station.

Inside the history, I checked every time I came back, but the store was installed properly. Of course, it was getting bigger than it was at first.

When I first proposed the business, I thought it would be a nice idea, but once I started it, I realized that it was a very good idea, and the Merchant Guild was investing more and more. It seemed like the number of shops was growing from just snack shops to more and more shops.

There will come a point where the Rotary Club will not be able to support the size of the business on its own, and you will need to reach out beyond the club.

At some point, we may see something like an underground mall in a large terminal. I don't know when that will be.

Regardless, the amount of money the club is making is growing exponentially.

If other organizations or other merchants come in, it won't be bad in the end. Since we have the rights to the business, there are a lot of ways to make money, whether it's by charging for the rights or just paying people to work like sharecroppers.

If you don't like a business, you can use your power to kick them out. That's what power is for.

I can't believe I've gone through life without thinking about this, and now I can't believe I've allowed myself to have such vicious thoughts.

Such.

Shops in front of Aligarh station.

The Aligarh district is the Seoul equivalent of Yongsan-gu. It has a very high foot traffic and is known for its shops. Although its merchants are more famous for being vicious.

I saw some kids skulking around the store.

-How much is this?

-Oh, that's ten fairy tales.

-That one, that one?

One was asking for prices in front of the club member in charge of the store, while the other was sneaking around in the club member's blind spot.

These assholes.

What is it?

One of them was catching the wind, and the other was sneaking snacks into their arms. I don't know if the people on their way to work didn't see it or didn't care.

Ha.

It's a cute thing to do when you're a subway vendor.

But.

Still, a rice bowl is a rice bowl.

Where are you, you little yellow bloodsuckers.

Just as I was about to approach a bunch of wannabe organized crime figures.

-Pak!

"Yuck!"

"Gotcha, assholes."

A man from out of nowhere grabbed the two kids by the back of the head.

"!"

When he realized the situation was out of hand, he tried to get away from the counter.

"Get him!"

At the command of the first two kids, someone else who was waiting jumped out and snagged the one that was trying to get away.

Suddenly, the three children were arrested for shoplifting, and passersby began to stare in amazement.

No, and what are these assholes?

My outfit doesn't look like a guard.

I'm not even a member of the club, and the store representative who is was just as confused as I was.

"Good catch, you little fuckers. You don't know how close we were, do you?"

-Bang!

"Yuck!"

I could only watch in disbelief as the bully who had snatched them up slapped the little girl across the cheek.

"With you!"

"Yuck!"

-Bam!

"You low-life bastards who do this!"

-Bang!

"Yuck! Hmph, hmph!"

"Lock him in a dungeon and never let him see the light of day......."

-Pak!

"......?"

My body went out of control. I found myself holding the hand of the guard who had slapped the child's cheek.

"......what?"

"Oh, no....... The kid....... What you did was wrong....... What did you have to....... do?"

No, but you still beat him like this?

"I don't know who these three are, but they've been to every station in the city, and they've stolen more than twenty times, so they're felons, if you want to call them that. They're social evils, and they don't deserve the attention of a young lady like you."

Oh, Miss?

I feel like I'm bleaching my hair with that statement.......

No, it's not bleached because I have silver hair.

And these three guys were professional thieves?

Twenty times?

You've touched my rice bowl twenty times now?

You deserved a good beating, didn't you? No, I'd like to beat you up, but not that badly.

People were looking on in confusion at the bullies who were suddenly beating her up, and at me, who suddenly jumped in to stop her, and at the kids who started crying when they were hit.

They were even more terrified when I appeared as if I was going to save them and then suddenly changed the way I looked at them.

"Well, still. I mean, it was wrong, yeah. But I still don't think that....... This is kind of. . It's gross, right?"

The expression dick.......

I didn't back down, but added my two cents, and the apparent leader of the gang narrowed his eyes.

"It's none of your business, lady, go on your way."

It was a threat.

By all accounts, these guys were not guards.

He was dressed in the same color as a passerby.

However, I do have to admit that I'm a bit of a snowflake now.

My wrists, thick neck, trapezius muscles, and forearms holding the kids. And the calluses on my palms.

That should give you a pretty good idea.

It's not a bully.

They're trained people, a lot of them.

If I went any further, the commotion would grow. The kids are looking at me like they're begging me to save them.

No, I was trying to beat you guys up for him, so it doesn't matter if you see me.

I don't want to cause any more trouble than this. I don't know who these people are, but if they're here, they're likely to get themselves into trouble.

I don't want to look like I'm a Reinhardt of the Temple Royal class!

When I glared and looked like I was about to back away, he smirked.

"You're a young lady who hasn't had to deal with a lot of shit because of your pretty face. Be careful in the future. The world ain't so easy."

a.

The feeling of a screw falling out.

It's been a while.

"This asshole is real."

"......what?"

"What kind of uneducated asshole beats up a kid on the street and then gets all smug about it?"

His expression changed drastically at my unnecessary insult.

With the screw broken, I could no longer hear the brakes.

"Who the hell are you guys? You're not even in the Guard. This is the Guard's job, not the job of assholes like you who don't have a clue."

"I told you to be careful."

"Be careful, you bastard......."

-Pak!

"!"

"Huh, so you're a hand-wringing asshole?"

I snatched back the hand he reached out to slap me on the cheek; he was stunned that his arm had been grabbed at all.

Yeah, he's a little smaller, but he's just as powerful. Same self-suggestion. I glare at him.

"Are you sure?"

It's not the Reinhardt of old.

Nothing, of course.......

It's a little different today in a different sense.......

"Ha....... Doing a shitty job got me a shitty bitch......."

His eyes changed, and there was a strange gleam in them.

Feeling detects.

Live.

From now on, if he's going to use his hands, I'm going to have to be serious. The man in front of me and my nerves are on edge, and a hand-to-hand fight is about to begin.

"Enough."

A voice cut through the silence.

"What's going on?"

I cut through the murmuring crowd and someone appeared.

"Do, dear......."

"I thought I told you not to make ...... too loud."

A calm-faced Bertus was walking toward them.

No.

Why is she here?



* * *



George.

I don't know what's going on, but I think it's early.

"I'm sorry."

"......No, I'm not, I'm not, I'm rude......."

I stood stiffly watching Bertus apologize as he served the tea.

Bertus didn't recognize me at all.

I never thought I'd have to go to this place to have my makeup validated. I'm wearing a lot of makeup, and I've changed a lot of things, so it's no wonder I don't recognize myself.

I was relieved that I didn't recognize him, but I also felt a cold sweat running down my spine because I didn't know when I would be caught.

"We've been experiencing a lot of inconveniences lately because of the temple festival, so we've had a lot of extra guards, and some of them aren't in full guard uniform, and they're not trained to do this professionally, so sometimes they overreact, so we understand that you might feel uncomfortable with that."

"Oh, no....... I didn't even know that......."

"However, their behavior was clearly wrong and they will be disciplined according to our internal procedures. I know it won't be enough, but I hope you'll forgive me this much......."

"Well, yes, yes, yes!"

When I asked what Bertus was doing away from the Temple dorms, here it was.

Bertus did not reveal that he was a prince.

I introduced myself as the person in charge of operational reliability and security for the horsepower train during the festival.

Temple festivals draw people from all continents to the Yellow Road. There's a huge influx of people, which means a huge influx of horsepower train riders. It's not just the temple that's crowded, it's the entire zodiac.

Bertus seemed to be more interested in getting back to work and racking up one more accomplishment than enjoying the festivities.

In the original, when Charlotte didn't have a competitor, she went to Mr. Temple, but now that she does, she feels like she needs to do something to earn it.

He's a workaholic, too.

Charlotte is playing.......

Still, I'm sure Charlotte would rather be enjoying the festivities than working this time of year.

It turns out that Bertus' constant absence was due to his duties as head of the magic train operation at the festival.

I'm here to take care of some stuff at Aligarh Station, and I think they've got a bunch of thieving kids who've committed more than two dozen thefts, and they've put them undercover in anticipation of them popping up around this time.

So I told them to go get them, and I saw them chasing after them, and I saw the guys who had gotten high, and I saw their hands on them.

This.

It's a terrible coincidence.

A coincidence too good to be true.

It's around this time that I meet Bertus.

You're such a dog! You're doing this on purpose, aren't you? You're doing this to me!

Bertus was apologizing to me. Without revealing his identity as a prince.

Bertus, this one is just plain badass.

I can't deny it now.

I feel like an emperor.......

"I didn't know the details of the situation....... I'm sorry too."

When I realized that the guy who was beating the kids up was actually a plainclothes cop or something, I didn't have anything to say. The kids will get what's coming to them, and the dude will get what's coming to him for trying to punch a stern man in the face.

There's no reason to stay here.

What's more, I don't want to stay in Bertus' line of sight any longer!

"Well, I'll leave you to it......."

"But she has silver hair."

Bertus's voice caught me trying to get up.

"You have a rare hair color."

"Hello, dyeing....... ."

"Oh, is that so?"

Bertus looks at me with a narrowed brow.

"By the way, are you a Temple student?"

"That's ....... Why, that's..."

"No. Look at ....... It looks familiar."

Shot.

Fuck! We have to run!

But Bertus blinked, as if he'd been surprised by his own spit.

"Oh! Not at all that. I have no other intention, really. that....... Looks familiar....... Hmm. No, that's just going to sound weird."

Perhaps thinking that his words might come across as condescending, Bertus fell silent.

Awkward silence.

I need to run, but when do I choose the right time to run? Bertus can't find the words to tell me if he thinks I've said something weird, and I'm watching for the right time to run.

"......Where are you going, traveling or something?"

Bertus asked, looking at the trunk.

Just saying. Should I say traveling?

"Well, just....... Yes."

With a cursory glance, I grabbed the teacup. It was black tea, poured by Bertus.

Teacups.

"A man who doesn't know how to hold a teacup can't be a nobleman.

A memory from long ago flashed through my mind.

How do you hold a teacup? I mean, you know, I've seen him do it, and I've seen him do it, and I've seen Reinhardt do it, and I've seen him do it, and I've seen him do it, and I've seen him do it, and I've seen him do it.

No, Bertus wouldn't remember that!

But what if I remember?

I was so anxious, I thought I was going to lose my mind.

C'mon, asshole, just suck it up! Why are you making things worse?

Even if the situation is malicious, after all, I started the car!

Struggling with the urge to crush my own skull, I gripped the teacup with both hands.

-MoonMoonMoon

Of course.

My hands shook as if I were suffering from catalepsy. Bertus stared at me in disbelief.

"Well, I'm a little bit....... that. have."

"Oh, is that so?"

I ended up holding the teacup with both hands and barely managed a sip.

What I was doing to act nonchalant was even weirder.

"I'm surprised you have hydrocephalus, considering how young you are."

Bertus raised his teacup.

Yeah. Hydrocephalus at this age? That's weird!

Why not?

Hydrocephalus at a young age?

"I'm an alcoholic."

"Poof!"

Bertus spat out the black tea he'd been drinking, embarrassed by the reason he'd thought of.

On my face.

"......."

"That, that, sin, I'm sorry!"

Bertus was genuinely flustered, pulling out a handkerchief and holding it to my face, then hesitating.

"...... is fine."

I wiped my face with the handkerchief Bertus handed me.

Hydrocephalus at a young age. The reason is alcoholism.

I'd say your answer is even more ridiculous.

Bertus was visibly flustered, as if he never thought he'd see such disrespect in his life.

I wiped my face with a handkerchief, as carefully as I could.

Fuck.

What if this takes off my makeup?

I'm already pissed off that I have to worry about this shit.

"Well, I'll leave you to....... to go."

"Well, I'm really sorry......."

Bertus lowered his head in pity. Better this way than that.

It's clear that he thinks I'm leaving early because of the rudeness he committed.

Luckily, I also knew my cover was good enough to fool even the snowy-eyed Bertus.

"Hey, I was wondering. If I asked your name, would it be....... ?"

Bertus asked as I turned to leave the stationmaster's office.

I didn't think of crossdressing pseudonyms!

I'm already "real" enough.

I don't want to be more real here!

"......It wouldn't hurt for you to know."

"......a."

Leaving Bertus's subtle reaction behind, I stormed out of there.





Episode 299.





After the mysterious ghostly woman leaves.

Bertus wiped the cold sweat from his forehead.

"What a mistake I made.

A cold sweat ran down Bertus's spine at the unimaginable rudeness that had crossed the line of decency.

Bertus had never seen or heard of the act of spitting tea into someone's face, nor had he ever imagined it.

The behavior was rude, crossing the line.

The other person seemed puzzled, but not angry.

It was a ridiculous answer.

His hands were shaking excessively, and I wondered why someone who didn't know who he was would be so nervous.

Alcoholism out of nowhere.

The answer was not at all in keeping with his seemingly noble demeanor.

The outfit was plain and not very upscale. I couldn't tell what was in the large trunk, but it didn't look like a luxury item.

Technically, she'd be a well-bred peasant girl.

Her features include shiny silver hair and delicate, almost painterly features. She wears heavy makeup, but it doesn't feel out of place.

He was a strange man in many ways.

From a distance, I could hear the commotion, and even as I walked, I could hear the angry voice.

-Huh, so you're a hand-wringing asshole?

-Are you there?

That doesn't sound like the kind of thing you'd expect a well-bred young lady to say.

-delay

"I, Your Majesty......."

"Uh, sit down."

Bertus froze, looking at the man before him and the two other men he'd brought with him.

They knelt before Bertus, not in chairs, but in front of him, even though he hadn't said anything. Bertus looked at the three kneeling before him, legs crossed and arms folded.

"What the hell is wrong with you?"

"Sin, I'm sorry!"

"Am I not understanding you correctly when you say that your goal is to ensure the safe operation of the horsepower trains and their respective stations, and yet you want to create a sense of urgency among the citizens?"

"I'm sorry, Your Majesty!"

The man who was about to swing his hand in frustration at a ghostly lady.

These three are not just troops, but vassals of Bertus.

In other words, the knights of the Duke of Salerian.

Bertus smirked.

"How much did you get?"

"Yes?"

"You're lucky it didn't happen. If you'd actually laid a hand on her, I'd be rolling around on the floor for a week, being told by the head of security that I'd been beating up citizens, and my half-brother would be doing nothing but watching me self-destruct. Too bad. It's a good thing she was bad enough to block your slap with one hand, huh? It's a good thing she didn't make my week of hard work go to waste, huh?"

"Sin, I'm sorry. God had a short fuse."

"Oh, how much did you get paid, I don't get it, why are you doing this crazy shit unless you got paid by Charlotte. Tell me, how much did you get paid by my half-brother?"

The three knights of the Duchy of Salerian grimaced at Bertus's evil stone joke.

Bertus' demeanor now was subtly reminiscent of Reinhardt's.

"Kill me, Your Majesty!"

Bertus had no intention of killing the three, though his judgment was warped.

Knights are somewhat above the law the moment they become privileged, especially those from families close to power.

So some people think that their privilege comes from them. So they can be overly ignorant and arrogant.

The knights of the Duke of Salerian are not the only ones.

The guards are just a few words away, and they're not held accountable for killing people, so they think it's okay to kill a few citizens.

It was a bit, well, seriously stupid to try to handcuff a citizen in public.

"If you try to ruin my week like this again, it's going to be fun."

Bertus said with a murderous look on his face, and then bit them.

There's no point in being competent if you're too short with your thoughts.

If they like stabbing, send them to a place where they can stab a lot.

Bertus has already decided which change to send the three of them to.

It's one thing to punch a shoplifter, but it's quite another to punch a citizen who tries to stop the situation.

Bertus didn't see it, but he heard the silver-haired lady grab the knight's wrist.

He didn't look like he had any power.

Bertus knew of a few out-of-standard cases, of course, where size and physical strength were not necessarily proportional.

What's he doing.

For the first time in his life, Bertus was very curious about the identity of the person who had spit tea in his face.

'I'm sure I've seen this before.......'

And somehow it felt familiar.

It's not a face, or an expression, or anything like that.

-Huh, so you're a hand-wringing asshole?

-Are you there?

Somehow.

That sounds familiar.

But the impression of the silver-haired woman was so strong that Bertus couldn't think of anyone else.

I think it was kind of cute how he was so flustered and fidgety at the sight of himself.

'......It wouldn't hurt for you to know.'

Also, he seemed to know who I was even though I hadn't told him. Of course, it's not like I didn't recognize the face, so it wasn't particularly strange.

Who.

What's he doing.

Bertus is disturbed by this sudden turn of events.



* * *



It was bad enough that I'd run into Bertus by some stupid coincidence. But it was even worse when I realized that if I'd just let the kids get beat up, nothing would have happened.

This.

It was a concept, but now that I'm living it, I feel like I've become this person.

No, but it's not like we're beating kids like dogs, is it?

...... may be true, but it's a bit glossed over by the time I say it.

Never mind.

There's no way Bertus would come to a cross-dressing contest. I thought he was supposed to be working on something important, not the Temple Festival, so he wouldn't be able to step foot in the Temple.

My steps were getting heavier and heavier as I got closer to the temple.

Real.......

I really don't want to go.......

Still, you have to go.

This is all for my own good.

No choice but to go.......

The trunk was heavy, too, as if it were dragging a load of iron.

One thing I did decide to do.

If you go off on a tangent like that, you might get into trouble.

First of all, whatever happens, just suck it up. If you don't, it could be worse.



* * *



"Why would I......."

Kono Lint stared blankly into space with unfocused eyes. She was now wearing the women's dress the organizers had provided.

Konorint wanted to cut out his own tongue for talking nonsense.

"The pageant, I hear it's today?

"Well.

Heinrich von Schwarz, Kaier Bioden, Erich de Lapaeri, and Kono Lindt.

The four of them walked around together throughout the festival, enjoying themselves.

"They're taking applications for that until this evening.

I only brought it up because I had the nefarious idea that it wouldn't be me.

'The guy who lost at rock-paper-scissors is out. How about that.'

Boys will sometimes bet their lives on strange bets.

To be more precise, we go on futile adventures to see the ugliness of others.

"......What? Why would you leave something like that? Are you crazy?

"Why, it's fun, right?

How embarrassing it will be.

Watching each other do things you'd never want to do in front of a bunch of people. Seeing the shame on their faces.

A lifetime of teasing.

There's no reason not to. Unsurprisingly, it was met with mixed reviews.

Until Kono Lint said this, it certainly was.

"It's not just me, right?

There are four candidates. So the probability is one in four.

It's a gamble you can't afford not to take.

Before rationality prevailed, Conor Lindt preached.

"If you don't pay, you're out!

The result is.

"......."

It's all explained by the fact that Kono Lint is now in the waiting room at the back of the great hall where the pageant is being held.

To be me is to be someone, and that was Conor Lindt.

It's equal odds, but strangely enough, it often takes one to go first, and Kono Lint was that one.

"Asshole, will you shut up?"

"Oh, okay......."

"Look at your face. What's wrong with your skin? You don't even wear makeup. Bam."

Liana de Granz was painting Kono Lint's face.

Riana, who usually treats herself like a cow, has the honor of having Duchess Young-ae do her makeup with her own hands.

Normally I'd be thrilled and my heart would be racing, but Kono Lint was just dying in real time.

"What, a cross-dressing contest?

"Do you guys have a hobby like that?

"Penalty?

"Oh, him?

'Hmph. Ugh. Oh, yeah. That's funny! Ah, ah, ah, ah! Makeover? Yeah. I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it! Where are you? Is it today?

I have no intention of putting on makeup, but friends, after all, are very supportive of those who are caught in the middle of a bad situation.

They go to her because they know she's the only one supporting Ellen and Cliff on the Mr. and Mrs. Temple issue.

As if on cue, when Kono Lint decided to participate in the cross-dressing contest, he managed to get Riana, who was usually a hard-to-reach person, to talk to him.

As if that weren't enough fun, Riana personally applied Kono Lint's makeup and picked out her outfit in the back waiting room where the pageant was taking place.

Of course, Riana didn't lend her clothes.

Dressed in one of the many women's outfits provided by the organizers, Riana fumbled around, trying on makeup and even a wig.

After a long pause, Riana clicked her tongue.

"What?"

"What."

"No matter what I do, it's just funny."

"......."

Riana giggled at the sight of Lint's face, as if it was too ridiculous to be true no matter how hard she tried.

A similar scene was unfolding around me. The convention isn't that big, so the waiting room is just a giant hall at the back of a huge auditorium. Some people sighed heavily, while others, like myself, had their makeup applied.

Usually, it's a bad look.

Some were fiddling with themselves in the mirror, and others were harder to see.

And there was this giant, giant humanoid chariot standing there, wearing the largest dress possible, but it looked like a short skirt.

It was even worse to watch him be ashamed of himself.

This is hell.

Kono Lint wondered who was worse, the demons of hell or the spectators who came to laugh at them.

Since the number of non-participants was limited to one person to help with makeup and outfits like Riana's, it was a good thing that she was the only one who could laugh at this.

His mouth is the problem.

There's no point in wallowing in self-pity.

Entry number 1.

Kono Lint wore a sign with his number on his chest.

It's even number one.

You said the entry numbers are randomized, not in order of application.

The last person to sign up must bat first.

It made me want to die even more.

"Why weren't you born prettier?"

"Why is that my fault....... Why should I be born pretty....... I'm a man......."

"Yeah? But he wasn't exactly handsome."

"Help me......."

Riana was applying her makeup and giggling about what was so funny.

Who's to blame?

You can only blame yourself for creating this hell.

In the midst of all that hell of looking at each other and holding back laughter, in the slightly rowdy waiting room while preparing for the competition.

Kono Lint saw someone sitting somewhere in a corner, among a group of people who looked like him.

It was a man in a robe.

Apparently, it was a participant.

I couldn't get a good look at her because she had her hood pulled down, but I could see that she had silver hair, a fine jawline, and shiny pink lips.

Even when I pretend, it's not the same.

Someone approached the person in the corner, not talking to anyone, just sitting there.

It was someone who appeared to be an organizer.

I couldn't hear the conversation because it was so far away, but he seemed to be saying something, and then he nodded in understanding and took off his hood.

For a moment, Conor Lindt was speechless.

It was the same for the other participants who happened to be in his line of sight.

We seemed to be having a conversation in that state, and the organizer nodded in understanding.

"Where do you see that?"

Riana turned her gaze toward Kono Lint as well, and dropped the cosmetics she was holding when she realized he was looking away.

"......What, are women allowed to participate? No, that can't be right, can it?"

Riana mumbled something to herself.

Even though I knew it wasn't true, I couldn't help but say it.

Girl.

No, not a girl, but a girl nonetheless.

When the girl was done talking to the organizers, she put her hood back on.

"That's a man?"

Riana asked, looking back at Kono Lint with a puzzled expression. Though her face was no longer visible,

"Well, even if you ask me about it......."

The two of them, and anyone else who saw the silver-haired contestant, were stumped.

Kono Lint even thought that the girl(?) seemed to make eye contact with him before she put on her hood.

I'm pretty sure I saw the hooded girl's face turn bright red.

'No way.......'

Konorint felt something in that face, in that demeanor, in that glimpse of the girl, however fleeting.

"You're not in love with me, are you?

Kono Lint was on a strange tangent.

Entry number 40.

If nothing else, Lint could see the number on the girl's chest.

Konorint could see that the girl kept mumbling something under her hood, using only the shape of her mouth.

-Why the fuck are they here....... Why the hell.......

Of course, I didn't realize that it was mostly gibberish.





Episode 300.





As the start time approached, everyone but the contestants and organizers had to leave the waiting room.

"It's the best I can do."

Leaving behind Conor Lint, who looked ridiculous in his wig and full makeup, Riana giggled and left the waiting room.

All that's left are about forty cross-dressing contestants.

Most of them looked like they were guilty of something. Of course, there were a few who were more than capable of cross-dressing.

Those who presumably have such a hobby.

With over 100,000 students at Temple, there's bound to be someone out there with a taste for it.

And someone who seems very dangerous and extraordinary.

Hooded entry number 40.

I was biting my nails at how anxious and nervous I was.

Kono Lint also realized that the situation sucked, but he wondered what was so disturbing about it.

If that's the case, what's the point of coming out?

Are you in the same situation as me?

"Okay, the competition is about to begin. Contestant number 40, please remove your hood."

"......."

The moderator came out and started to set up, but I didn't hear him, so I didn't know what to do.

"Take it off."

"......."

Eventually, Chae Geun was forced to take off his hood, and the other participants were speechless at the sight of him.

"......."

No.

That's a man?

They all had that look on their faces.

Entry #40 is completely unable to smile, but somehow manages a subtle forced smile with extreme effort.

"Are you sure you didn't go to ...... thinking it was Miss Temple?"

"Maybe......."

The participants seemed to know each other from the sidelines, and I almost wondered if Kono Lint wasn't real - in fact, it was more believable.

Yes, that's the only case.

It can't be a man with that face.

That's how I started to understand it.

Everyone was convinced that the pretty girl had sent her Miss Temple application to the wrong pageant, so when she got there, everyone assumed that she was in the middle of a bunch of weirdos and didn't know what to do.

I'm applying for the Miss Temple pageant, and the sight of cross-dressing men, and even Gurhan in a dress, is bound to cause panic!

I want to go out, but I'm too shy and embarrassed to do it!

Even though the organizers didn't say anything, everyone started to feel sympathy for the pretty girl who was blushing and stomping her feet (even though she wasn't).

Eventually, someone has to step up.

You don't belong here, and you need an escort to get you out of here.

The chivalry that was beginning to sprout in everyone's hearts was triggered first.

"Well, um. Big."

It was a human chariot in a dress.

"......?"

Entry number 24, a tall, sturdy human chariot. In a place where cross-dressers are mostly misfits, an overwhelmingly misfit has begun to approach a beautiful girl.

Conor Lindt was stunned.

"No! No one else knows, but you shouldn't!

That behemoth is too much of an eyesore to approach that frail, slender-looking girl.

A towering, all-muscled beast in a one-piece suit, made even more hideous by a blonde, long-haired wig, approaches the beautiful girl.

The girl stared blankly up at the hulking figure approaching her.

He doesn't say anything, but he's smiling sheepishly, the corners of his mouth twitching.

It's clear he's scared.

Konorint, even he was confident that he would froth and fall if a monster like that approached him in that manner.

But of course, the human tank, Richard Howleman, who thought he was being chivalrous and acting like a gentleman, was completely unconcerned with his appearance and smiled gently.

"Apparently, you picked the wrong contest to enter......."

"......?"

"This is, like, a cross-dressing contest. It's not a Miss Temple pageant."

I said it because I thought it would be cool, but it wasn't cool at all because of the situation, the outfit, and the fact that I was in a cross-dressing contest.

Naturally, all eyes are on her. The silver-haired girl's eyes rolled back in her head.

He wanted to say something, but didn't want to say anything, and his lips were moving nervously.

"Don't be intimidated. It's a simple event, so if you leave after giving a good explanation to the organizers, you can contact us at......."

The same thought is on everyone's mind.

That asshole. It's clear he thinks he's so cool.

Are you going to use your current gentleness and consideration as a weapon to find out what class the girl you're about to leave is from, and maybe even get her to promise to eat with you later?

The girl finally decided that silence was not enough to defeat the magical coven in front of her, and she spoke cautiously, her lips quivering.

"...... is a man......."

From the girl's mouth came an ambiguous aesthetic that made it hard to tell if she was male or female.

"Yes?"

Richard Howleman asked, puzzled, as if he must have misheard something.

Girl, no. Number 40, who identified herself as not a girl, bit her lip.

Of course, the girl is just angry at the abomination in front of her for not being able to recognize her words the first time.

Fuck off, asshole.

His actions were motivated by this, but in the eyes of others, they were merely an expression of vindictiveness toward those who were causing him trouble.

Pissed off and impatient.

Similar, but subtly different.

Everyone is just giving the poor creature the benefit of the doubt.

When that didn't work, entry #40 said tersely.

"That....... came to the right....... right."

"!"

Richard Howleman's face hardened, as did the faces of the others.

Sometimes it's hard to believe what you see.

I didn't believe it when I saw it, but now I've got confirmation.

That creature is.

It is claiming to be an entity that is biologically in the same category as them.

"No, no, no......."

Richard Howleman looked like he had just lost the love of his life right in front of him.

Looking as if his soul had been sucked out of him, the humanoid staggered back to his seat. But others, too, could not help but glance at entry number 40, whose face was flushed red and head bowed.

Forty times she bit her lip and said nothing, her face soaked with shame and embarrassment that red water dripped from her face.



* * *



-shoot

Shot.

I washed my hands in the restroom near the waiting area, with water running in the sink.

You can't wash your face, and you don't want to go potty.

I couldn't stay there because I felt like I was going to rip someone's head off.

Sickness.

I figured Kono Lint might be in the audience, but why the hell is he a participant, even looking like that?

My heart nearly dropped when I thought Riana, who was applying my makeup, would recognize me.

The first time I came, the organizers kept asking me if I was the person I signed up to be, or if I was someone else, and I had a hard time explaining it.

The good news is that my makeup and camouflage were perfect, so no one recognized me, and I was even told I was someone else.

That's why Kono Lint didn't recognize me, and even that human tank guy I played against in the tournament didn't recognize me. He even looked like he was trying to be nice to me.

No, not even close.

You mean to tell me that I look like an idiot for submitting my Miss Temple application to a cross-dressing contest?

-shoot

"Whoa......."

Real.

I'm going to lose my mind.

Be nervous.

If I relax and let my temper get the better of me, Kono Lint might recognize me.

That's a look only Reinhardt could make.

Oh, come to think of it?

It could be a crazy development.

Laugh.

I need to manage my facial expressions so that no one recognizes me by the time I'm done.

"Ew, ew, sin, sorry......!"

"......?"

"Huh? Here's a man's makeup....... Ah."

Even the tournament officials got confused and fell asleep when they saw me.

Fuck.

When something is too good to be true, it is.

You say you're overpaid.

I must have gone too far with this one.

And my entry number 40.

This is random.

There are only 40 participants.

Clearly, they chose me as number 40 on purpose. It's obvious.



* * *



A cross-dressing competition that's in a league of its own, if not the most anticipated.

-And without further ado, let's kick off the 8th annual Temple Sorority Pageant, hosted by the Temple Student Government Association!

It's been an annual cross-dressing competition for eight years.

While there wasn't the same overwhelming cheer as at the tournament, the room was packed in a rented auditorium for a regular class.

Some people were intrigued by the idea of such a weird competition, while others were there to see their friends' black marks on their lives as punishment.

There were no thunderous cheers, but there were plenty of people in the audience ready to laugh or watching with interest.

And there was a bunch of people from an Iranian class who had come to see Richard Howleman's black history.

And Liana de Granz, Heinrich von Schwarz, Erich de Lapaeri, and Kaier Bioden from the Royal Class, who came to watch the pageantry.

Four Royal Class students were there to observe the black history of Kono Lindt.

Heinrich asked, looking at Riana sitting next to him.

"Did it go well?"

"Well, in what sense?"

When the guy who said I was falling into my trap, that I was the only one, got caught, everyone cheered. Everyone was looking forward to seeing what kind of weirdness Kono Lint would come up with.

Erich asked, looking at Liana.

"But how many times is he?"

Riana giggled at the question and looked at Erich.

"One."

"Eek."

"Quack."

They couldn't believe their ears when they heard that they were the first to bat in this hellish competition. They can only imagine the look on Kono Lindt's face right now.

-Come on, we've got a lot of great contestants this time, and we're going to introduce you to the first contestant in the highly anticipated cross-dressing competition!

The moderator had a lot of tension in this bizarre competition.

-Royal Class First Year! I'd like to introduce Konorint-kun! Please welcome him with thunderous applause!

It wasn't thunderous, but the word "royal class" brought a round of applause.

"Ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Liana de Granz squealed and clapped, somehow more excited than when she was watching the tournament.

You'd think this would be the kind of thing a duchess would be honored for, but even the kids who didn't know her well knew that Liana de Granz was a great person who had nothing to do with that.

The Ganodab trio, now joined by one more, but they were fed up with Riana.

I can't believe they get so worked up over other people's misfortunes, even though they are the same way themselves.

'devilish.......'

Everyone, with that thought running through your head.

The first batter with a sour face. Kono Lindt was walking up to the stage.

Riana's makeup was perfect.

The outfit choice was perfect.

The wig selection wasn't bad, either.

"Poof!"

"Kitchen!"

"What the hell!"

However, there were a few flaws in the hangers.

Between the four of us, I can see why the cross-dressing contest has been going on for eight years now, despite its odd title.

I don't know what else, but it was funny.

-Mr. Lint, you're a Royal Class student, right?

-Yes.

-It's really cute, and it's okay to be confident.

-.......

The moderator glared at Kono Lint as if to say, "Don't give a fuck.

-Oops, my bad, I meant the clothes are cute, not Mr. Lint.

-Ah.

Lint's face fell at the emcee's words, and the audience erupted in laughter. This is what a cross-dressing contest is supposed to be about: a contestant who's in it for the wrong reasons, and a moderator who's gently scratching him.

-Did you do your own makeup?

-......No. If your friend is.......

-A friend? Someone who's watching right now, obviously? You're really good at this. Who is it? Can you raise your hand?

At that, Riana, who was watching from the audience, raised her hand. She didn't seem embarrassed by the attention.

Upon seeing Riana, the moderator looked back and forth between Konorint and Riana.

-Oh, you're a woman, is that your girlfriend?

"Aaaahhhhhhh, no way!"

A look of extreme dislike flashed across Riana's face, and once again the audience erupted in laughter.

The Ganodab brothers stared at her like she was some kind of monster.

I've gotten to the point where I can't stand George, the man.

-You deny it vehemently. Mr. Lint, are you hurt?

-Ah, no, no! Why would I be hurt!

Conor Lint, who admitted he was hurt by the vehement denials, was dying by the minute.

-Why did the Royal Class have a cross-dressing contest?

-Isn't it like the other kids, like a penalty or something?

-They play the same way we do? I don't think so.......

While his demonic classmates in Royal Class were busy scoffing, the audience's reaction was a little different.

For starters, Kono Lint comes with a royalty premium.

Even in a temple with nearly 100,000 students, there are only about a hundred people in the royal class. So when you hear the word "royal class," there's something you have to eat to get in.

The perception of the Royal Class is firmly ingrained in the minds of most regular class students that they are an untouchable elite and arrogant bunch.

So, the guy in front of me in the ridiculous cross-dressing who's trying to figure out what to do is Royal Class?

Somehow, the royal class student, whom you usually think of as a sky-high figure, becomes approachable.

With that royal class premium attached.

-Hey, isn't she cute?

-Response.

The reaction of female students was a little different.

Kono Lint doesn't fall into the handsome category by any stretch of the imagination, but he does deserve to be called cute.

Add to that Riana de Granz's makeup, and you've got yourself a pretty girl, if not a cute one. Of course, the boys would disagree, but there were plenty of girls who found Kono Lint's shyness a bit cute.

-Cute!

-You're cute!

The secondary school girls were throwing their hands up in the air and giggling, and Kono Lint's eyes were glazed over because he didn't know what he was getting himself into.

After a few more questions, the moderator moved on to the big question.

-Konorint-kun is supposed to be a psychic, by the way.

-Ohh.......

Superpowers.

People know they exist, but very few people have seen them. Even in the temple, there are royal class students and psychics.

No matter how much we know about psychic powers, they're still a foreign concept to most people. So it's no wonder that the idea of a royal class student dressed in a funny costume is so exciting.

I didn't just lie and say it was random and then put Kono Lint at 1 and Reinhardt at 40.

At the mention of superpowers, Kono Rint and the other Royal Class boys stiffened.

-I don't think you've decided what you're going to do during your appeal anyway, so why not show us what your superpower is? Teleportation, that's cool!

-!

-Ohhhhh!

Those in the know know.

Conor Lindt's superpower is not something that can be shown to the public.

Of course, the penalty is now somewhat offset by.......

Still, you can only go as far as your underwear.

-Ah, no, no, no, no!

Conor Lindt's desperate cries could be heard.

The boys stood gaping at the prospect of nearly squaring the black history of Kono Lindt.

Riana's mouth hung open in disbelief. If she'd been a little more mesmerized, she might have said, "Show me, show me, show me," but she was still keeping her wits about her.

But.

Some people don't know the full story here.

-show me!

Starting with someone shouting.

-Show me! Show me!

We were all eager to see the psychic demonstrate his powers.

"This, this....... What?"

Riana looked at Heinrich and mumbled something incoherent.

"Well, yeah......."

Even though it's a cono lint that fell into the trap I sold.

For once, it was a close call.





 301





Cannot be shown.

-Show me! Show me!

Kono Rint wanted to bite his tongue and die as he listened to the cries of the people in front of him.

"Do something stupid!

The moderator had no idea what to make of the superpower, but assumed it must be something special, and the audience was on the edge of their seats, eager to see what Royal Class had in store for them: teleportation.

If I suddenly teleported out of this spot in my underwear, this pageant venue would be a mess at worst and a laughingstock at best.

Your abilities are deeply flawed. So you can't show it.

I have to say that. I'm already embarrassed to be in public like this, and I don't want to do anything more embarrassing.

Because while people might want to see a skillful teleportation show, what they're really going to see is a very dangerous picture of a pervert in nothing but panties teleporting from bronze to bronze!

Just like that.

I have to say.

-Show me! Show me!

Conor Lint hears a cry directed at him, sees a gaze directed at him.

Even though you're standing here looking like this, you see their eyes on you.

It's an envious gaze.

It's a stare that Kono Lint has never received before.

The subtle jealousy, envy, and envy of those who are seen as royalty.

The boy has never been through it.

It's long since been stigmatized within the royal class as the same ability.

-Dude, that's awesome!

-Soon we'll be able to move the top with it, right?

-He, Chu, congratulations Lint.......

When I was able to move my underwear with me, my fellow psychic colleagues rejoiced.

It's the kind of pathetic ability that gets cheered and praised just for being less pathetic.

I don't think I'd ever be able to do what Reinhardt did, which is to travel around and do all these crazy things.

Or awakening superpowers while fighting a senior.

You're back from doing something crazy in Darkland.

Or awakening a magical enhancement at the end of a fight.

You win the first grade tournament with aplomb.

That kind of thing.

It's not your job to do things that make people's jaws drop.

But now, they're looking at themselves.

Just because they're royalty, just because they're superpowered.

Some people even said it was cute.

The first attention I've ever gotten in my life. What if I told them that they couldn't use their powers because they would strip them naked.

There's a useless guy like that in the Royal Class.

I wonder if that's going to change.

It was painful to imagine their excited stares turning to cold ones.

Useless abilities.

No, it's an awesome ability, but one that has too many critical flaws to be practical.

How long does it have to be like this?

Waiting to see what we can move with underwear next, and being happy with the small progress we've made.

I wonder, when am I ever going to be useful?

Kono Lint felt the cries of the people were distant. The moderator's chaegun also sounded like a distant echo.

With so many people in the spotlight, Kono Lint feels rather alone.

I don't want to be like Reinhardt.

He chooses to do things that are as dangerous as they are accomplished.

I don't want to live like that. I don't think I could.

However, I don't want to have to hunt and peck for risks like that dude with the stupidly handsome twin plates.

A little bit, though.

Like the world is being strangely generous to him.

Maybe I'm being a little generous.

How long do I have to go through life with these same powers, introducing myself as a psychic, but never being able to show it to anyone.

If Reinhardt taught me anything, it's this.

Recklessness sometimes has consequences.

Recklessness doesn't necessarily lead to failure.

Me too.

The world has something for you, too.

And I know that it's not going to be in my hands unless I try.

If a tree has fruit on it, and I don't take the risk of climbing the tree, the fruit will never be mine.

-show me!

Kono Lint brings us back to reality after a short but long hiatus.

The boy decided to do something.

His royal classmates, who had been sneering at him, were turning white. They had read something in the boy's determined expression.

-No! No!

Especially Riana de Granz, who was having the most fun so far, shaking her head in disbelief. While a moderate amount of embarrassment passes for humor, Riana is still not a naturally evil person.

The child is about to cross a river of no return, and you desperately try to stop him.

"No.

But Lint is no longer listening to anyone else.

I decided to do it.

Sometimes you have to move forward, even if it means failing.

-show me your brother!

It's not because of the squeaky-clean middle school girl in the front seat.

"Mr. Lindt, if you find the demonstration difficult, you can show me something else......."

And it's not because of the moderator who sits on the sidelines.

-show me!

And it's not because of the shouts of envy in the eyes of so many.

-Don't do it!

It's not for anyone.

Self.

You're tired of the stagnation and you're sick of yourself.

So, even though you can't live like Reinhardt, you decide to emulate the way he's done things in the past.

There is a point of no return, and that point is now.

Push yourself to the edge, and take the next step.

If it fails, it sucks.

If you succeed, you won't have to live on pennies anymore.

There is no more extreme situation than this.

Because I have to, I will.

"Something, let me show you."

-Waaaaaah!

Kono Lint, in her dress, strained her eyeballs.

I will complete my teleportation by moving my clothes along with me, and now I am truly on my way to becoming a psychic.

The coordinates to move are to the right of the stage.

The ability itself is easy to use.

I just can't figure out how to overcome the penalty.

I still don't know, but I'm determined to realize the extremes of teleportation in extreme situations.

"Suck!"

Kono Lindt clasped his hands together.

-pot!

-Oh!

In a flash.

A hush fell over the auditorium.

Kono Lint has successfully teleported.

-Urr......?

The audience was stunned.

"To......?"

The moderator was stunned.

-u......?

-What, what......?

And the royal classmates watching the scene were equally stunned-not by the predictable side effects, but by the sheer shock of seeing something so unexpected.

"......?"

And Kono Lint, who was present, was equally dumbfounded.

Clearly, Conor Lindt has succeeded in teleporting.

But his body was still there, right where he was.

It's the clothes that have been moved.

Kono Lint had all of his clothes, except his underwear, moved to the right side of the stage.

Conor Lindt was stunned.

So did my classmates.

ConoLint's capabilities have evolved.

What's happening now is ridiculous. That's why those in the know know that Kono Lint's capabilities have gone beyond quantum leaps and bounds to create something close to a miracle.

"Sue, did you know that teleportation is....... like this?"

"Uh, that, that....... Uh, no."

However, people, including the moderators, can't help but think that this is what Kono Lint's teleportation ability is supposed to do.

You didn't move yourself, you moved the clothes you were wearing.

Kono Lint has achieved miraculous ability growth.

-!

But.

The end result was the same as if I were suddenly naked except for my panties.



* * *



-Well, that was entry number one, Konorint-kun!

Kono Lint fled to the back of the stage, and it took a while for the confusion of the students and audience, who were caught off guard by the suddenness of the situation, to settle down.

"What did I....... What did I just see......?"

Liana de Granz muttered, frozen in place.

This was partly due to Kono Lint's sudden underwear breeze, but also, of course, to the fact that he was using an ability unlike any other.

Heinrich, Caierdo, and Erich were equally baffled.

People don't know Lint, so it's inevitable that they're going to be stunned and dumbfounded. Because teleportation doesn't necessarily mean you're moving.

To those in the know, however, Kono Lint's success in sending objects, when all he had ever done was move his own body, was astonishing.

While the result is a ridiculous shifting of clothes, it's safe to say that the ability itself has evolved by leaps and bounds.

Some of the people who didn't know the truth looked like they had thrown up their hands in disbelief, while others thought it was cute to see Kono Lint running away in panic.

But the four who knew the truth were speechless for a while, their mouths hanging open.



* * *



-And that brings us to our next two contestants!

The moderator began to move the contest forward to clear up the confusion.

The four of them were there to see the ridiculousness of Cono Lint in the first place, so there was no point in sticking around now that it was over.

Of course, after all the contestants have introduced themselves, there's still the voting process to determine the winner. But that's enough for now.

Despite the shocking results, the important work is done and there's no reason to stay.

But the Royal Class Four, as well as others, didn't get a seat easily.

-What have you prepared for your appeal time?

-Let me show you the dance.

The contestants' antics were hilarious and kept me watching. Some of them were punished and some of them were voluntary, but they were all pretty funny in their own way.

"Hey, what is that? What is that?"

"Ack! Ack! If it's funny, it's funny, don't hit me!"

After the shock of Kono Lindt's revelation, Riana laughed, patting Erich de Lapaeri, who sat next to her.

"No, you're going to have to shave some leg hair, ahhh!"

Riana laughs as she slaps the person next to her.

"This is crazy....... Oh, my stomach hurts."

I've seen dancing, singing, and out-of-the-blue defeats for appeals.

When a cross-dressing music major nailed a soaring baritone solo, everyone clapped along.

After a few minutes of this cross-dressing contest, Riana clapped her hands as if she'd remembered something.

"Right!"

"Well, what's the point of....... You gonna hit me again?"

Erich flinched as Riana's eyes lit up as if she'd just remembered something.

"That's right! That's right! You know what!"

-pakpakpak!

Sure enough, he did it again.

"Oh, why does it keep hitting me......."

Liana pats Erich on the shoulder a few times, then looks at the Ganodab triplets and says, "You're right.

"There was a weird kid in the waiting room earlier."

"Weird kid?"

Erich asked, and Kai'er's expression turned strange.

"If any of the kids there don't look weird, that would be even weirder......?"

That's true, too.

In a waiting room full of cross-dressers, it's even weirder when you're the only one who isn't weird, because where there are weirdos, you're weird.

"No, there was a pretty girl in the back?"

Riana hesitated, then settled on a harsh phrase.

"......?"

"......?"

"......?"

I'd even go so far as to say that Riana is a stunningly pretty girl.

Of course, being the place that it is, it must be a man. Riana shook her head, remembering the weird kid she'd forgotten about in her shock earlier.

"I think it was 40 or something."

Riana was going to stay until then, if only out of curiosity, and the rest of her classmates were curious, too.

To what extent?

I'm just curious.

If a man cross-dresses and looks that good, what are you going to do?

None of the three understood why they were sitting there, but they didn't leave.

-All right, I give you entry number 24, Mr. Richard Howleman!

"......."

"......."

"......."

The appearance of the two-meter-plus dress made everyone want to cover their own eyes, and the moderator was freaking out.

"......I want to get out."

The corner of Riana's mouth twitched slightly, as if she'd seen him earlier but hadn't noticed.

-Uh hmm, big. Um....... ugh. Mmm. Uh, yeah. Ah.

It would be even worse if the muscular hunk was blushing and crossing her legs while tugging at the hem of her dress.

After a hilarious exchange between a broken moderator and an embarrassed cross-dresser, the moderator decided it was time to move on and went straight to the appeal.

-What have you prepared for your appeal?

-squat, let me show you.

Everyone watched in bewilderment as the humanoid suddenly demonstrated a high-weight squat in a one-piece.

It was ugly in a lot of ways, so there were a lot of escapees from that part.

Amidst the cheers and laughter, the cross-dressing contest was coming to a close.

-And now, the eighth edition of the highly anticipated crossdressing competition is down to its final contestant. A final contestant who is sure to surprise you in more ways than one. We can't reveal her real name because she's requested identity protection, but entry number 40, please come forward!

The 40 John Doe entries weren't the only ones, as there were quite a few who kept their class and name a secret.

Riana had already seen it once, and the other three onlookers were curious to see what it was like, given what she had said.

The last such participant.

John Doe #40 slowly walked onto the stage.

-with.......

The audience's reaction to contestant #40 walking out under the spotlight was a stunned gasp.





"What, what is......?"

"No......."

"What......?"

The reactions of the Royal Class students weren't much different. Even Riana, who had already seen it once, was frozen in place, staring blankly at number 40.

Silver hair that glistened in the light. It's a wig, of course, but the hair is so vibrant for a wig that it almost looks like her own hair.

Golden eyes, seductive full pink lips, a fine jawline and forehead, and a clean, slender white neckline.

She had slender shoulders and a perfect waist, although it was hidden by the hem of the dress.

There he was, smiling a gentle, kindly smile.

So the same question is bound to be on everyone's mind.

That's a man?

That's a lie.

-He, he....... I hate to break it to you, but....... Are you a cross-dressing contestant?

-Yes.

There, a neutral, subtle minor.

Rather than cheering or exclaiming, everyone was frozen in place. One of those "does this make sense?" moments.

-You asked to keep your identity secret, is there a reason?

For a moment, his face cracked as if a needle could fit through it. Number 40 quickly regained his expression.

-......Well, everyone has secrets.

-I see....... Do you usually dress like this?

-.......

At the moderator's provocative words, Number 40 stared at the moderator for a moment.

Everyone has just sensed a fleeting glimpse of No. 40's true expression, but no one has seen it clearly. Quickly recovering his smile, Number 40 smirks and says, "I'm sorry.

-No, not at all.

-You mean this is your first time?

-Yes.

It looks fine, but people are watching.

Her expression was as nonchalant as a steel wall, but Number 40 was now clutching the hem of her dress.

It was clear that he was very nervous. His face was getting redder and redder, and it was clear that he was very embarrassed about the situation.





Episode 302.





-Why did you enter the cross-dressing contest in the first place?

-money.

-Ah, the prize. Yeah, you can do that.

The moderator kept asking me awkward questions, which I answered like I was fine with for the 40th time, but the longer he kept asking, the tighter his grip on my dress became.

After 40 times of embarrassment and shame, people's faces get weirder and weirder.

In fact, that's not much different from the behavior of the previous 24 humanoids. No, it's exactly the same.

But people who are nauseated by the same behavior 24 times are mesmerized by the same behavior 40 times.

It's cute, so maybe it works anyway?

Same.

Dangerous ideas are getting into people's heads.

-So, what are you going to do with your winnings this time? Buy another dress or......?

-.......

Of course, the moderator didn't stop being a jerk. The 40 awkward smiles of embarrassment were enough to make people sympathetic.

-Stop harassing me!

-Yes! Stop it!

-Ask me a normal question!

Eventually, people started to criticize the moderator for embarrassing 40. People had gotten to the point where they were emotionally invested in 40.

-Oops, that was a bit harsh, I apologize.

-No, thank you.

The moderator asked her about her daily life and hobbies, and once the nasty questions were out of the way, the silver-haired participant answered with a nonchalant expression.

It was the usual question-and-answer period, but people were starting to find themselves wishing this last segment wouldn't end so soon.

"......, I don't think I should look any further."

Erich muttered to himself.

You start to realize that you're about to take a dangerous step.

"......Yes."

"......."

The other two boys weren't much different.

Normally, Riana would have given her a disdainful glance, but this time she couldn't resist.

"Why do I get jealous when I see a man?"

Riana mumbled something along those lines.

-Okay, so now we're going to slip in an appeal to.......

-Later!

-You're doing it too fast!

People even tried to stop the moderator from proceeding.

Number 40 just laughed and said "ahhhhh" as if he was embarrassed by the audience's behavior, but it was adding fuel to the fire that shouldn't have been added.

-Well, it looks like you, #40, have come to exert an enormous influence on the tastes of a lot of people.

-He....... Sorry.......

-No, you don't need to apologize, but we can't drag this out forever, we have votes and the contest needs to wrap up soon. So, what do you have for your appeal?

In the end, the moderator didn't give #40 any more time.

-I will sing.

There was nothing new about it because everyone else was doing it. Of course, we didn't have any accompaniment, so everybody just did it unaccompanied or brought their instruments.

Singing is a common talent show, but everyone's eyes lit up when they heard that contestant #40, who seemed to have a lot of secrets, was going to sing.

-What song is this?

-It's my own composition.

-Oh, it's self-written, are you a music major?

As if trying to pry, No. 40 gave me a subtle smile.

-What?

Blah, blah, blah.

Number 40 sang during the appeal.

And everyone was stunned by the beautifully sung song.

It was the lyrics and melody of a song about a beanstalk hawk that I had never heard before.

Introducing myself, the song is called Chilgapsan.

It was bizarre and weird, but in many ways it was shocking because the style was completely unheard of in the zodiacal culture.



* * *



After all the participants introduced themselves, it was time to vote.

Forty contestants took the stage once again.

Everyone from No. 1 Kono Lint, who put on a silly underwear show but had a shocking evolution of abilities underneath, to No. 40, a mysterious contestant who looked like she could go straight to Miss Temple.

The results were obvious without looking.

Everyone just stares blankly for 40 seconds.

The more I look, the redder my face gets, and the more I realize that pathetic participant #40 is twitching the corners of his mouth trying to keep a smile on his face.

The sight of a man on the verge of insanity, unable to bear his own shame, is bound to set people's hearts on fire.

Sure, the song was a little out of place in the ecliptic, but isn't there a magic formula for this kind of situation?

Four dimensions.

So even if you do something weird 40 times, it's understood that it has its own charm.

"Really....... I guess he didn't want to come out."

Whether you think it looks good or not, you can't help but agree that contestant #40 is really, really struggling to get through this.

Why you're here when you don't want to be.

"But....... I wondered how much money I'd need, so I went to......."

Money.

People can only assume that contestant #40 really needs the prize money. People start gossiping and speculating amongst themselves.

"I don't know who he is, but he must be very handsome to begin with, so shouldn't he be on Mr. Temple?"

"Just in case, Mr. Temple is out too."

"Oh, right."

If you win the cross-dressing contest and also win Mr. Temple, you get double the prize money.

It unites all the spectators who have come to watch the competition.

Men wonder what the hell he looks like in the first place.

Women, on the other hand, wonder how handsome he really is.

If you're in a pageant because you're broke, you're going to be in Mr. Temple.

If you go to the Mr. Temple contest, you're bound to come away with the conclusion that you might know who this guy is.

In the midst of all the chatter, the Royal Class students were alternately staring at Kono Lint and number 40.

While the embarrassing underwear show from episode one seems to have been forgotten, Kono Lint was both embarrassed and appalled.

Kono Lint is both embarrassed and elated by this situation. I give my friends the "hey guys, I did it" look, but they just stare back 40 times.

"Hey, by the way."

"What."

Erich de Lapaeri thuds his shin into the meat of Kaier's side.

"Hey, don't you think he keeps looking at me?"

Erich is referring to participant #40, of course.

"......? I thought you were looking at me?"

"Wasn't it me?"

Riana frowned at Heinrich and Kaier's words.

"What are you talking about, you idiots? He's a man, if he's looking at me, he's looking at me, why is he looking at you?"

All four people in the room were thinking about how 40 kept looking at them.

"Me?"

"Because I am?"

"I think it's me."

"No, of course not me. What are you talking about?"

All four begin to sweat the small stuff.

They were actually right.

Number 40 kept rolling his eyes and made occasional eye contact with four people.

They look away as soon as they see it, but they're definitely doing it. So it's inevitable that thoughts like that will be running through boys' heads.

At least he's a guy.......

No, but still.......

No, absolutely not.

Maybe?

Maybe it's actually a woman?

I was drowning in a sea of confusing thoughts.

Of course, it's not like that 40 times, it's really just an eye roll.

"Hmmm......."

Riana was looking elsewhere this time, not at number 40.

"Why?"

"No, that guy over there."

Riana whispered to Erhi, pointing somewhere.

"Kinda, kinda spooky, don't you think?"

There was a man in a black robe standing at the very back of the auditorium, staring at number 40. Of course, there were quite a few people in the audience with their hoods pulled down to hide the fact that they had come to see this competition, just as there were people like Number 40 who came to this competition to hide their identity.

However, the overly drab black robes were off-putting to look at.

"......Yes."

Erich shivered slightly, feeling unnecessarily chilled.

With that out of the way, let the voting begin.

Contestant #40, who reluctantly cross-dressed because she was broke.

She would have gotten a lot of votes, but when she says she only entered the contest because she needed money, she starts to get sympathy votes.

It was obvious that I was going to win 40 times, and I did.

It was a near unanimous win, with no one disputing it.



* * *



It's a hell of a time.

"How does it feel to win?"

"Oh that....... Thank you so much. Yeah."

Still, it's a hell of a finale.

As I clutched the winner's crown and trophy, I tried to force a smile, but I also wanted this hellish time to end.



[Event Complete - Crossdressing Competition].

[Earned 4,000 achievement points].

[Horsepower status increased by 5].

[Antihorsepower is increased].



In the end, after a hell of a time, I got the reward I wanted.

And the prize, twenty gold coins.

20 million won.

That's actually quite a bit of money.

But I wondered if it was a price worth paying for my dignity, which had been lost and might be lost even more in the future.

My horsepower status was originally 14.2.

Now, my horsepower is 19.2.

Just 0.8 more and you get the talent Magic Dominance.

Yes.

Soon enough.

I did this shit for this.

Wreaths and trophies for the winners, and applause and cheers from the audience.

-Oh! Take me!

-She's prettier than me, so just do it!

The glow of middle school girls.

-You! Have me!

-siblings.......

The luminescence of middle school boys.

-Our secret friend Hajaaaaaah!

High school students were no different.

Dizzy.

I feel like throwing up.

Still, I tried to keep a straight face. Just as Bertus didn't seem to notice, the others didn't seem to notice me.

And the moderator who had been harassing me with stupid questions looks at me with a big smile on his face.

"Now, the song you just sang to celebrate your win, can you do an encore?"

"......."

They asked me to sing one more song to celebrate the win, so I ended up singing Chilgapsan one more time.

I don't know about you, but it was pretty funny to see everyone's bewildered faces as if they didn't know what to make of this.

Do you know the sorrow of the Seven Armored Mountains?

Anyway, the cross-dressing contest is over.

Now all you have to do is properly dispose of the trophy and return to Reinhardt safely.

-Ahhhhhhhh! Me....... That's weird......!

a.

Should I just kill you all and go to hell?





Episode 303.





You've won.

I accomplished what I wanted and everything worked as expected, but I felt like my soul had been stolen.

And I should have realized that I was only thinking about the pageant itself.

Anyway, I need to get out of the convention center, and there's no way I'm going to have an army guarding me. I should have thought that there might be some crazies around who would definitely try to catch me on the way back.

But I was only thinking about winning, not planning a safe route home.

Many of the exiting audience members were waiting to catch up with me on the way back.

I couldn't help but notice the crowd outside the auditorium.

"......."

I feel like a celebrity.

But the difference between me and a celebrity is that I'm a cross-dresser. I'm surrounded by a bunch of guys, both male and female, who all want to know who I am.

If you tell me it's Reinhardt, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't want to know!

If you leave, you'll get caught.

If they get within striking distance, I'm not sure I can keep my fist out.

The other contestants in the pageant saw me at the exit and smiled sheepishly.

Obviously, there was no way they were going to get screwed.

What to do?

Apparently, this is the only way out.

Should I go out the window?

"That....... If you're not going to leave......."

"?"

As I stood in the doorway, unable to get past, someone spoke to me. I turned around and there was Kono Lint. He'd changed his clothes so he wasn't wearing a dress, but his makeup made him look ridiculous.

Of course, I'm here with clothes on, so I don't have anything to change into.

I could have just walked away.

"Oh, I'm sorry."

When I moved out of the way of the door, he sulked and tried to get past.

He's a dick to me in a different sense than he was to Reinhardt.

Konorint, I didn't get a good look at what that guy was doing, but I know what happened.

You teleported something other than yourself.

In the original, the most advanced form of Kono Lint's ability was to move everything with him, including his clothes. I don't know what happened, but this guy can now move other things.

I don't know if it's an enhancement or what, but I do know that Kono Lint has come a long way from the original.

Conor Lint's ability boost is more massive than my 5 hp increase today.

Kono Lint continues to stare at me, and I'm about to make my way to the exit.

Ability boosts.

Spatially move something other than yourself.

"Okay, wait, wait, wait."

I grabbed Konorint's arm without realizing it.

"Eh, yeah?"

Conor Lint blushed as I caught him, his lips quivering sweetly.

A look of not knowing whether to like this or not.

It's not like that, asshole!

There are people outside.

"Uh, can you move me outside, please?"

The only thing that can save me now is Kono Lint.



* * *



Naturally, he freaked out.

Kono Lint went on to explain that his powers weren't meant to be, that there might be side effects, and that he might end up naked. Of course, that could happen.

That can happen.

No! It's okay!

I'm fired!

I've earned 14,000 achievement points for the tournament and the women's competition. Combined with your existing achievement points, that's 18,000.

You can write as much as you want!

"I'll live with the side effects, so please do it."

"Well, at least....... Well, you might get a nasty surprise......."

Even when I blindly asked him to just do it, Kono Lint had a hard time doing it.

"It's okay, I don't blame you, I'll take it."

He looks at me as if to say that he thinks it's better to be thrown naked into the distance than to be caught by the people outside.

No!

You made it!

You don't believe me, I don't believe you, but you're a god.

After a moment's hesitation, Kono Lindt nodded with a puzzled expression.

"That, that....... I'll try it then."

Today marks the first time Kono Lint has successfully spatialized an object. Now we need to succeed in spatializing people.

Of course, it's entirely possible to end up moving only your clothes.

So, use retire.

Kono Lint succeeds in spatially transporting me to an off-the-beaten-path area outside the great hall, clothes and all.



[It takes 100 achievement points to cause that event].



100 points.

To my surprise, it was very affordable. I was expecting something like 500 points. Is this guy's ability already so advanced?



[Use 100 achievement points].



"That, hand......."

"Oh, yeah."

Konorint took the hand she held out tremblingly.

Come on, asshole.

Don't be shy, I said, and I glared at Conor Lint as he concentrated.

"Well, even if it doesn't work out....... too....... resentful."

"It's going to be fine."

"......."

He breaks his concentration and looks at me.

"...... Do you trust me?"

No.

What was I supposed to do?

Just let me go already!

"Sure."

I couldn't help but smile and say so.

-pot!

Then, in a blink of an eye, the scene before me changed.

"Futile."

I had never seen this kind of spatial movement before, so I couldn't help but gasp in surprise.

In one fell swoop, we were on the outskirts of the auditorium, away from the crowds.

I was the only one who didn't move with ConoLint.

The effect of the resignation was clear.

Luckily, I was still wearing my clothes. Now that I'm safely out of sight, all I need to do is change and get back on track.......

While I was thinking about that.

-pull

"......."

I could see something falling out of thin air.

What is it?

I picked it up out of thin air as it fell to the floor. I held it up to the dim light around me.

"......."

The moment I saw it, I realized I had written the wrong exit.

The clothes Conor Lint was wearing just a moment ago have fallen off.

Kono Lint manages to move me to the outside of the great hall, away from the crowds. Along with his clothes.

That bastard.

He sent not only my clothes, but also his own.

Somehow, it was dirt cheap.

Oh no, there's a new penalty for Conor Lint: having to send his clothes with him?

Still a dime a dozen or you?

Do I need to return this?

No, why don't you just come over here too?

Now that things have gotten to this point, you're going to have to come get your clothes.

But this is the boulevard.

Showing up here in your underwear would be too much for Kono Lint to handle.

They think I'm just a girl in a dress.

Should I give this back?

"......."

What's the point of getting out of this?

I'm tempted to just take it out.

I can't do better than that.

"Fuck......."

Eventually, I was forced to stagger back toward the auditorium where the pageant was taking place, still in my dress.



* * *



Luckily, I didn't have to face the crowds in the auditorium.

There were familiar faces on the benches slightly further away.

Heinrich, Erich, Kaier, and Liana de Granz were nearby, waiting for the upcoming Kono Lindt.

It's also dangerous to go to them.

But I hated being caught by the "I'll give you my brother" crowd more than I hated dying.

-Why doesn't she look like this?

-Do you want to change?

They were grumbling that the cono lint wasn't coming out fast enough, so I approached them, fortunately in a position where the light wasn't too bright and they couldn't easily see me.

"Well, over there......."

"......?"

I could feel everyone's surprise when the winner of the pageant suddenly showed up with the clothes.

"He's prettier than me. Why? Do you have to pee?"

Riana smiled at me and asked.

You are such a bitch!

All the other men were frozen, so Riana was the only one who could talk.

"Royal Class....... You're students, right?"

"Yes, but?"

It didn't matter if I noticed because I was wearing a royal class uniform.

"These are Mr. Lint's clothes......."

"......?"

At that point, everyone's faces went blank.

"He asked me to spacewalk outside....... I asked for a favor, but I also asked for your clothes....... and send them to....... It's going to be difficult....... But I'm not sure I can go back......."

"Ah. I see."

Riana held up a hand to silence me, as if I didn't need to say more, and then snatched up Kono Lint's clothes.

You're so good at recognizing these things.

My assessment of the subject I'd just thought of as a bitch had changed like the flip of a palm. Riana giggled and looked me up and down.

"If you're into that sort of thing, you should come over to the Duke of Granz."

"Is that ......?"

"If you say your name is Liana de Granz, they'll open the door for you, and you can try on all the men's and women's clothes you want."

He laughed, and it was clear he was trying to put me down.

You.

You're a real bitch.......

Anyway.

After returning Kono Lint's clothes to their side, I left the place like a fugitive.

I've seen enough dirty looks.

Now, please, let's get back on track.



* * *



There's no end to the dirty looks.

Yeah, there's no way you're going to let me off scot-free in this situation where your goal is to humiliate me.

I try to get away, but I end up being chased by someone who recognizes me.

"Hmm, that. Not a weirdo."

"......."

"I'm just wondering, if she's so broke, why she's going to a competition like that if she's struggling so badly. Hmm."

A middle-aged man with a bald head grabbed me and started rambling on. I think he was in the audience, but he was talking about how he was not a weirdo, he had a successful business, and his children were about to enter the Temple.

"I mean, if things are tough, I can personally sponsor you."

What is this.

I don't know why it's gotten to this point.

It could be that this person is actually a do-gooder who's trying to help you out of a pinch.

But you have a weird look in your eye.

You know what's really weird about the way you're looking at me right now?

I felt goosebumps all over my body.

"Of course, I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but I'm not looking for anything. It's just, if you have any difficulties with Temple life, you can talk about it. Uhm. Let's do that."

Yeah, I can say that, but you've got a weird look in your eye.

I'm pretty sure he's neither a Temple student nor a faculty member, so should I just slap him and tell him to stop talking shit?

Unfortunately, it's a festival and there are people everywhere in the temple. Naturally, there are guards on duty.

It would be even more embarrassing if I got caught punching someone in the face in public and had to be questioned by the guards. And of course they'd find out I was Reinhardt.

This is the final test.

If you don't hold your tongue here, the whole neighborhood will know that Royal Class Reinhardt won a cross-dressing contest and was dragged off to the Guard by a creepy middle-aged man.

Then it's a suicide angle, really.

Be patient.

One time I couldn't resist and ran into Bertus.

If I can't hold it together this time, it's really over.

"Oh, I see what you're saying, but that's okay."

"Uh-huh, I'll take the favors that adults give me, but let's go somewhere quiet and talk about it."

"It's okay, there's plenty of money in it, it's not that big of a deal."

"Don't think it's too weird, I'm just doing it because it seems like a good idea. Do I look that weird to you?"

"Not because I think you're weird, but because you're really good."

"Well, let's at least talk about it."

Oh, get away from me, you real asshole.

I'm pissed. If you can't understand me when I'm trying to make myself understood, I'm going to have to yell at you.

It's like it's never going to let me go.

"You're making me look so weird. Let's go somewhere quiet and have a cup of tea or something......."

That moment when you realize you can't use your fists, but you need to say something harsh.

"What are you?"

"!"

Someone approached, a man whose voice alone had a meaty resonance.

I turned around and there it was, a human tank.

She's changed into her own clothes, so she's not wearing a dress anymore.

Human Chariots, Richard Howleman.

I was not alone, but with a group of people. There were quite a few people, probably from the same class.

The middle-aged man froze at the appearance of a bully worse than a bully.

"What is it?"

"Oh, no. I don't want to talk to that....... I need to talk to this student about something......."

"This student doesn't seem to have anything to talk about with you."

Richard Howleman then looked in my direction.

Shot.

It's weird, but I'm glad you showed up.

Kick him out!

As if my pleading eyes hadn't already done the trick, the two-meter-plus thug twists his head and looks down at the middle-aged man.

"I don't think you have anything to say, huh?"

"Well, I'm not a weirdo!"

"A slender cow on a lustful night....... No, if you grab a student and don't let him get away with it, that's what makes you a weirdo, not anything else, eh, and won't you get the hell out of my way before I turn you over to the Temple Guard?"

A slender student.

You got your ass handed to you in a tournament by that skinny kid, asshole.

And I definitely meant to say girl.......

"That, that...... seems to have been a misunderstanding. Hmm. Uh, excuse me."

In the end, the middle-aged man ran away with his tail between his legs at the sight of the giant.

-Oh, that's great, Richard.

-Each, but this.

"Oh, it's loud!"

There were some assholes whistling in the back that looked like they were going to be bad.

Thanks for kicking them out, but I think there are worse assholes out there.

"Well, hmm. Big. Gee, are you okay?"

Richard looked down at me and coughed.

I'm kind of giving up now.

This is crazy.......

No, it's already gone.

"Ah....... Thank you."

My blood pressure is rising at the sight of a group of people who appear to be Richard's classmates or seniors whistling. They're probably here to see Richard in this state.

I have no idea why this guy is in a cross-dressing contest, but whatever.

Richard says, red-faced and unable to look at me properly.

"You might want to go back to that....... You'd better get back there quickly."

"Well, you should......."

-Dude, just send it?

-Let's eat!

"Oh come on!"

Richard shouted behind him.

Hey, at least you're being a gentleman. I thought you were a big ol' scumbag.

Now that I think about it, I was the one who started the fight in the tournament, not him.

Overwhelming garbage, I know. Richard looks at me with a troubled expression.

"Hey, you need to get back to work. Before you get in more trouble......."

"Ah....... Yes. Thank you."

Eventually, with the help of an unlikely source, Richard Howleman, I was able to peel back the layers of middle age.





Episode 304.





"No, your superpowers are stronger and now you have to move your clothes with you? Seriously, why does life have to be so twisted all the time?"

"......I don't know. How do I know that?"

The more Riana held his stomach and laughed, the more his face rotted. Luckily, Contestant 40 was able to return the clothes to the Royal Class students, and Kono Lint was able to get dressed and out on the streets again.

He didn't want to win, he just wanted the time to pass quickly, so he could go back to his dorm and get some rest with a fresh mind.

It was a horrible experience, but it's over.

Or was it just bad memories?

Someone who doesn't even believe in themselves, but then beams as they tell you they do.

That trust, even with the eventual penalty, is what made the new ability work once and for all.

Who's where.

I don't really want to do anything, but it would be nice to know that much at least.

At the very least, we can be friends.

The girl's-no, the boy's-hand, briefly grasped to move him, was strangely soft.

In the waiting room, I got nervous and bit my nails, which turned out to be unsightly, but they were as soft as the hand I was holding.

Kono Lint shook his head vigorously as the strange thoughts continued to overwhelm him, as if trying to get rid of them that way.

"...... What's wrong with him?"

Riana even took a few steps back, as if the cono lint had gone a bit too far.

"Uh, isn't that him?"

Kaier pointed as if he had spotted something, and there was what appeared to be a girl, though not a silver-haired girl in a hoop dress.

I could only see the back of his head, but surely the only other person dressed like that today was Contestant 40. Erich looked at him and nodded.

"Right."

"......What do you think is going on?"

Heinrich shook his head at the sight.

Standing in front of the two-meter behemoth was Participant 40, who was much shorter than him, while a group of giggling, pretentious-looking people surrounded him.

-.......

-.......

It's not close enough to hear what you're talking about.

However, no matter how you look at it, all you can see is a picture of him and a group of people harassing and threatening participant #40.

Everyone realizes that this is a guy who used to compete in cross-dressing competitions. The sight of a man of his size in a dress was quite shocking and memorable.

Riana smiles, the corners of her mouth turning up at an angle.

"Huh, are the boys bullying the poor little girl?"

It was a weird thing to say, and we all looked at each other in disbelief, but from a distance, it was true.

You don't know what's going on, but you're in trouble.

"This sister needs to be saved."

When Riana is about to go to the rescue of a poor little boy who is obviously in trouble.

"......I'm just going to?"

"......?"

One side of the encircling group opened up, and the silver-haired boy jerked his head at Geohan, then abruptly went on his way.

I don't know what's going on, but they just seem to let me go. They even say hello, so it's like they're grateful for something, right?

"What the hell."

"You're lucky if nothing happens......."

Riana bit her lip, glad that nothing had happened. Riana watched as the big boy stared at Number 40 as he stalked away.

"Anyway, sinful man, that."

Riana giggled at the sight, as if it were too funny.

"By the way, I was wondering what she's majoring in after all, and where her classes are......."

Riana said, and then fell silent.

The group that seemed to be harassing me 40 times let me go as if they weren't. It must have been a misunderstanding. But Riana gestured toward 40, who was getting further and further away.

A little further back than that, to be exact.

"Hey, that."

"That?"

"Hey, isn't that the guy who was at the convention earlier?"

Where Riana pointed, someone in a black robe was walking still behind Number 40.

"Something like....... looks like."

Erhi had seen those creepy black robes before, and he knew what Riana was talking about.

Someone in a black robe, who looked suspicious enough, was indeed following 40. Everyone's expression turned serious at Riana's words.

"I don't know what it is, but isn't he a little dangerous?"

A mysterious assailant is chasing Number 40. Riana and the other Royal Class students think something is going to happen to him.

"Let's follow along."

"Wee, isn't that dangerous......?"

Kaeir said, a little peeved. I wonder if I'm getting myself into trouble.

"Is this the time for that?"

Surprisingly, it wasn't Riana who said it, but Kono Lint.



* * *



Tailed.

And this time, I was sure it wouldn't be a simple pervert like the middle-aged dude from earlier.

At the convention, everyone was looking at me, but I clearly saw the guy in the black robe at the very back of the room, staring at me.

It was a little off-putting, but there are a lot of guys like that, so I let it go, and now he's following me.

What are you trying to do to me?

I have to take off my dress and remove my makeup, and a strange man is chasing me.

It's not following me fast, but it's definitely closing the distance. He can't do me any harm on the sidewalk, but I want to get back to the road!

I even went out onto the main street and blended into the crowd in an attempt to get away, but my black-robed pursuer was still following me within a certain distance.

I could have told the guards that I was being followed by a weirdo, but I didn't want to get in trouble.

I turned into the alleyway, wondering why I was going through this.

Follow him out of the temple. He returns to the dormitory as Reinhardt.

Just as I was thinking that, I turned the next corner in the alley.

"!"

"......."

Behind me, the black-robed thug appeared before my eyes.

This guy is dangerous.

Scarily, I already had my fist outstretched.

-Whoosh!

But my fist slammed into thin air, and the robed thug shrugged off my straight with a nod of his head.

Its movements are out of the ordinary. My sudden attack didn't deter the creature from attacking me.

"......I'm just reaching out to you because I think you're done with your work, Reinhard, and I have no intention of attacking you."

"!"

The words seemed to freeze my brain.

Know me.

No one noticed me.

"You, who are you?"

Despite my adversary's slurred voice, he remained calm.

"You should have known that Order would be contacting me soon."

Black order.

They said they'd be in touch soon.

If.

That happened to be today.

It wasn't just freezing, it was like being hit with a sledgehammer.

No, no.......

Why.

Why today?

Not to Ellen, not to Bertus, not to Harriet. Not to any of his dorm mates.

But in a weird way.

My cross-dressing has been discovered by a magical associate who is neither an enemy nor an ally, with whom I will be discussing big things in the future.

"Uh, since when have I seen....... since when? Oh, no, how did I get to....... in the first place?"

"I looked at the participant list. Entry number 40, Reinhardt."

Damn, you saw that. How did you know I was going to a cross-dressing contest?

I mean, it's a black order, it's not exactly classified, but they can just go through the list and find it, and it's okay?

The Black Order member stared at me through his black robes.

"You know, like....... This, this. I have my own reasons......."

This one has a story!

I can't really say, but it's a story!

"I have no interest in your personal preferences."

However, rather than respecting my taste, the salesperson dismissed me as if he didn't care.

The man I assumed was going to do something nasty to me actually didn't care what I looked like.

I'm trying to make excuses for this, but I don't give a shit about it.

Me, not so much. As far as they're concerned, I'm a pretty big deal with a road vampire as my henchman, and I thought it was a little unreliable for a guy like that to be traveling around like this.

"We don't care about how well you dress, we care about how much valuable information you have for us."

This attitude that it doesn't matter.......

This.

That's weirdly hurtful.......

Ellen's no slouch either.

Is the Black Order a group of extreme douchebags, or is it just this guy.......

I wasn't sure if it was because it was a festival, or if it was actually no big deal to infiltrate the temple.

Whether or not I was teetering on the edge of embarrassment and crisis, the Black Order member had his say.

"You said you needed knowledge of the Order, and you said you could give us information on the Cantus Magna. Is that correct?"

"...... did."

It's so embarrassing to talk like this, and I feel like I'm the weirdo because the other person doesn't care.

"What knowledge do I need?"

Dealing with the Black Order.

That's where this bizarre timing comes in.

Are they really unrelated to the gate situation? I don't know. But we have to find out somehow.

No time for pranks, and no time for embarrassment.

"How to Open a Portal to the Otherworld."

"......."

He didn't answer my question, didn't ask why I wanted to know, just watched me in silence.

"Do you know?"

"You asked what knowledge we need, not that we would provide it. If you have something of value to offer, we will share knowledge in return."

"So, are you admitting that you have some knowledge worth sharing?"

You don't need to know how to do it specifically.

The fact that the Black Order can tell me how to do that is proof enough for me. Give me the information about Cantus Magna, and I'll tell you how to open the portal to the other world. The moment they say that, the Black Order becomes an organization capable of causing the Gate.

I don't want to know how.

Whether you guys know it or not, that's all I need to know.

"I can't answer that."

However, the Black Order was not without its challenges.

"Then the deal is so unfair. If I give you information about Cantus Magna, you might not be able to give me what I want. Why should I make such a deal?"

There is no reason to make a trade where one party loses. Just making sure that we both have a hand is my goal.

"Do you have any reliable information about Cantus Magna?"

"Well?"

"Does this mean the information is not ready?"

The settlement agent's mood changed; he looked a little angry.

"It's like you can't tell me yet whether your knowledge is ready or not."

"......."

Neither he nor I were displaying any animosity or aggression toward each other.

"We'll discuss this and get back to you."

After all, it's not something you can decide from the line in front of you.

"......."

"Until then, we hope to have information on Cantus Magna ready for you."

"What if I'm not ready?"

"I don't think you're the kind of guy who would play games with us."

At the end of the day, we both knew what we wanted, but nothing was really exchanged.

However, the Black Order didn't say they didn't know.

It seemed like there was a glimmer of hope for resolving the gate situation.

My heart was beating like crazy.

This won't solve all your problems, but it's another one.

You're over one of the biggest hurdles.

The Black Order didn't seem to wonder about my intentions at all, just that a deal is a deal when the parties are ready for each other.

"At the appropriate time, we'll come back to you......."

-Bang!

"......."

Just as the conversation was coming to a close, a lightning bolt suddenly flashed out of thin air and landed on the underside of his right cheek.

But the light was interrupted by a flash of protective magic.

Suddenly, what?

"Pretty girl, come here!"

I turned around and there they were, the Royal Class guys from the cross-dressing contest with Liana de Granz and Kono Lint, watching me.

Why did they come all the way out here? But by the looks on their faces, I knew what they were thinking.

What's wrong with you, pretty boy? What's wrong with you?

Riana exclaims, her face turning white.

"Quick!"

Riana called out to me urgently, and the settler looked at me and nodded subtly, as if he knew what was going on.

Is it a signal to go.

You're a dumbass, but you seem to have a point.

"Yes, yes!"

I scrambled to Riana's side, and she squeezed my hand, her eyes lighting up at the sight of the black-robed member of the Order.

"What are you, a wizard?"

"......."

"I don't know what you're up to, but what the hell are you doing in the temple, get out of here!"

-Pajik!

A light flashed near Riana's hair. As if to say, if you try anything foolish, I'll blow you away.

Oh, no.......

I don't care who you are, you shouldn't be arguing with a Black Order member.

Lucky for me.

"Hmm, that's too bad."

The Black Order member suddenly started playing kidnapper and backed away.

"I'll see you next time, pretty boy."

"......."

That.

Was that a tease?

I don't know if he was acting or teasing me, but he slowly backed away, turned, and disappeared.

Riana looked at me as the black robes disappeared and asked with concern.

"Are you okay? Did something happen to you?"

"Oh, that....... Yeah, yeah, yeah....... Nothing happened......."

No.......

You didn't have to come.......

"Uh-oh, so you're not going back fast enough, what were you doing? I mean, I tried to get away from you, but you can't just walk into an alley like this, you idiot. Where do you live? I'll take you home."

"Oh....... No, that. That's a nice......."

The long, dirty day ended with Riana's fumble.





Episode 305.





It took another three months of stubbornly insisting that Riana take me, and then another three months of trying to get her to let me go. Luckily, after a while of convincing her that the other girls seemed to be okay with her and that she should just go, she finally let me go with a sour look on her face.

There was some discussion about whether or not we should call security, but we tried to convince them that we weren't in trouble.

After removing all my makeup and changing my clothes outside the temple, I returned to my dorm.

The dress is in Eleris's basement.

It was an expensive piece of clothing, so I thought it would be better to return it rather than throw it away.

Naturally, I threw away the trophy.

There's an expression in martial arts.

Oscillator.

It's kind of like the fundamental bioenergetic energy of a human being, and it's kind of like a last-ditch emergency battery that if you run out, you die.

My whole body was drained of energy, to the point where I felt like I had written something like that.

I've been out and about all day, so you probably haven't seen me in the dorms. Of course, I wasn't the only one running around.

Naturally, I didn't get back until quite late, so when I got back to my dorm, I saw the same guys I'd encountered today in a completely different light.

"Hey, what have you been doing all day?"

Case in point, Liana de Granz, who cheerfully told me her sister would take her home.

"It's a festival, so I'm running around."

"Alone?"

"Sometimes you just want to be alone."

My shoulders tensed unnecessarily.

I might make a connection between what I just saw and what I look like now. Honestly, I don't think I'd recognize myself in the mirror.

I actually didn't recognize all of them.

But seeing him as Reinhardt made me feel uneasy and my heart was beating like crazy.

Oh, you?

Ya.

a.......

Oh, was it you or not?

I pretend to be okay with saying this, but it sends a chill down my spine.

Riana giggled and threw her arm around my shoulders.

"Didn't you watch the pageant?"

"......Why would I go there?"

Actually.......

Gone.......

He was a contestant, not a liver, and even a winner.......

It's even weirder that I don't recognize it at all.......

"Oh, you didn't get to see that. Phew, you should have seen him."

Riana giggled and went into her room.

The Three Stooges, nay, the Death Penalty, have since bumped into me, but they haven't reacted.

However.

"......?"

"......why."

"Huh? Oh, no."

Only Kono Lint had a bit of a weird reaction.

But in the end, he didn't seem to notice.

Of course not.

I'm back to my Reinhardt self, not just the makeup, but my body type, height, and face shape.

It's kind of weird when you realize it!

Something like......?



* * *



Outlying regions south of the ecliptic.

A group of people had gathered on the grounds of an abandoned monastery that occupied a fairly large plot of land. It's impossible to tell who the group is by their clothing, but in the center of the bonfire, someone is sitting on an old wooden chair.

A man in a chair.

Leviathan Lanze, the leader of the previous Crusader Legion, stared at the girl in the Temple uniform standing across from him.

Her name is Radia Schmidt.

He was a quarterfinalist in the Unlimited tournament and a sixth-grade student in Temple Royal's class.

"I don't think that's a good idea."

"I think it's worth a try ...... and Lord Boulton has said he'll do what's necessary if things go that way."

"Elion Bolton?"

"Yes."

"Well, I'm sure he'd be happy to welcome Olivia back."

Radia Schmidt looks determined, like she's got her mind set on something.

"But if things don't go as you expect, things will go as planned. Radia."

"Yes, sir."

Apparently, even though the current Crusader Knight Commander was Elayon Bolton, the girl was calling him Levi Lance.

Everyone here had no hesitation in referring to the former master, Leverier Ranze, as master. When she was done, Radia Schmidt turned to leave.

"Sir."

"...... have anything else to say?"

Radia looked off into the distance of the monastery and couldn't help but feel sad.

"Does it have to be....... Does it have to be that child? That child will eventually become....... faithful....... in the arms of God."

"Enough."

Leviathan cut him off mid-sentence, as if he didn't want to hear more.

"It's not that I don't realize that Reinhardt is better suited for this role, as you say."

At the mention of Reinhardt's name, a strange emotion flashed in the girl's eyes. A twisted hatred and anger flickered in her eyes.

"But Reinhardt is a student in the same Temple Royal class as you, and even a classmate of the Prince and Princess. You realize this is not a situation to mess with."

"......."

"Of course, if the situation warrants, we may have to reach out to them, but keep in mind that this is for the best at this time. Also, we're not necessarily sacrificing the child. Under the circumstances, no one will get hurt."

"......Yes, sir."

When Radia Schmidt had finished speaking, she left the monastery.

The man at Leverier Lance's side says cautiously.

"Do you think it's going to work out the way he thinks?"

"Not at all."

Levereer Ranze shook his head in disbelief.

"The idea is bold, but....... It's not going to work out the way he thinks."

"......Yes."

"I'm nervous, I know you're good at what you do, but......."

Leviathan clicked his tongue as he looked in the direction the girl had disappeared.

"Let's hope I don't do anything stupid."

"Sorry about that. We thought it would be helpful for you to see......."

The man who had brought Radia Schmidt to the nameless monastery bowed to Reverie Lance.

But what happened was what happened.

Radia Schmidt's usefulness isn't limited to this one time. She's about to graduate from Temple, but she's also set to join the Knights Templar.

"In the future, block people."

"Yes, sir."

Like it or not, Radia Schmidt was going to be a useful member of this group for a while.

"What about Adriana?"

"......Please wait."

"Yeah."

Levereer Ranze nods and instructs the man beside him.

"I think we should wait and see. See how Radia Schmidt's plan works out, and if it doesn't, write to Olivia. Tell her you have Adriana with you, and she'll understand."

As long as you have Adriana with you, it's too easy to call Olivia out of the Temple.

It's only what comes after that matters.

Leviathan Lance stared at the blazing flames.

Only Olivia Ranze can restore the honor of a fallen Squadron Crusader leader.

Take it slow from there.

Leverier Lanche intended to write a history of the sacred land that would last a thousand years.



* * *



Sitting on her hard wooden bed, Adriana watched the pale moonlight stream in through the tiny opening.

A room with a single hard wooden bed and two paladins standing guard.

"......."

Adriana buried her face between her knees.

The Order of the Nameless.

Brought here by Revere Lance, Adriana is under the watchful eye of the paladins of the Order.

He thought that Leviathan was trying to retaliate against him.

But that's not where his value came from.

"In a few days, Olivia will be here.

"All you have to do is explain the situation to Olivia and convince her to change her mind.

That was all Leverier Lancet said.

If it's a situation, what's the situation, and if it's a persuasion, what's the persuasion?

It's about convincing Olivia, who has abandoned her faith, to return to it, and Adriana doesn't see why she should.

We just know.

That he was bait to bring Olivia out.

Levereer Lance attempts to change Olivia's mind. Even if he fails, he hopes to restore his authority and honor by reversing the words of his foster daughter, Olivia, who has brought him down.

You are just bait for it.

Adriana rejected it.

Olivia made her own choices, and she sees no reason or need to force herself to reverse them.

After that.

Adriana was stuck like this, forever.

The Order of the Nameless.

Adriana knew they were trying to create a new divide in the human race after the Demon War.

I was disappointed in people of faith. I thought it was the fault of the believers, not God.

But.

If God's followers are getting it so wrong, shouldn't God be warning his followers?

Olivia will be here soon. If she knew she was being held hostage, she would have no choice but to come.

Because she is that kind of person.

Despairing at her hostage situation, Adriana couldn't do anything about it.

There was a festival going on in the temple to the north.

In a ruin to the south, Adriana crouched, silently cursing the gods.



* * *



Thursday, breakfast time.

Kono Lint was eating breakfast. The word was out in Class A that Kono Lint was going to a cross-dressing contest.

But Cliff was the only one who freaked out when he heard it.

-Will you be okay today, Harriet? How are you feeling?

-You're good, you're good.

Ellen was uninterested, and Adelia and Harriet were busy talking about something of their own.

I thought Reinhardt was going to say something when I told him I was out there, but he was like, "Uh....... Why would you go out there?" and that was it.

I was surprised.

I thought you'd be freaking out, or sulking, or lashing out, or something.

So Kono Lint was unnecessarily watching Reinhardt. He might not be the first one to touch him, but he'd be the last one to be grumpy.

Kono Lint had a strange feeling when he saw Reinhardt last night.

It's hard to put into words, but something.

A strange feeling. You can't quite put your finger on it, but you feel like you know something, but you can't quite put your finger on what it is.

Such a subtle feeling.

Despite the festivities, the morning scene doesn't look much different.

Everyone is at their desks except for Bertus, who seems to be busy with his own business.

Such a normal breakfast time.

Kono Lint unnecessarily looks at Reinhardt. To look is to stare.

To look up means to watch Reinhardt.

Then, not far away, Kono Lindt sees Reinhardt's hand on Ellen's, eating next to her.

That hand.

Nails.

Its shape.

It was jagged, as if it had been bitten off.

"......!"

When Konorint saw those nails, he had a hunch, almost a revelation, like electricity running through his body.

Anxious number 40.

The 40 times I've bitten my nails.

The 40 times he asked if he could be moved.

The 40 times you meekly reached out when asked for a hand.

of the nail.

The.

A nail that has been bitten off and ruined.

"Aye."

"?"

"?"

Kono Lint mumbled something under his breath and met Erich and Kaier's suddenly confused stares.

Absolutely not.

Yesterday's him, the silver-haired, angelic one.

It's hard to put into words, but that.

With that someone.

Reinhardt didn't just bite his nails because they looked alike.

Number 40 was silver-haired and gold-eyed.

Reinhardt's eyes are blue.

But that's what lenses are for.

"Aye."

"......What is it?"

"What's wrong with you?"

Kono Lint knows his idea is not even worth considering.

-You're playing in an unlimited tournament today, aren't you?

-Yes.

-......Will it work?

-Well, whatever. But aren't you going, too? You won the first grade tournament.

-No, I'm not going out, which is a good thing for you, because I'm going out.

-What?! You think I'm going to lose to you?

-Huh, where do you get the idea that you're going to win?

-Yes, look!

The voices are also too different.

Compared to the laid-back, warm aesthetic of yesterday, today's Reinhardt sounds a bit cloying, doesn't it?

There are qualitative differences in people.

There is as much difference between 40 and Reinhardt as there is between an angel and a devil.

Kono Lint tried to force down the unpleasant images that were swirling around in his head.

By the way.

If I had a silver-haired wig on my face, golden eyes, a shorter stature, and a slimmer build, I'd look like him.

Right.

"Aye."

"What's wrong with you?"

"What hurts?"

Eventually, Kono Lint struck out on his own and bought some beanchuk from his friends, who were eating quietly around him.





Episode 306.





As of Wednesday, my own participation in the festival was over.

As long as Riana is helping Kliffman and Ellen prepare for the contest, there's nothing I can do about it.

Today, Thursday, is the main round of the Unlimited Tournament. And tomorrow, Friday, we have the Miss & Mr. Temple contest and the finals of the Unlimited Tournament.

I had qualified for the unlimited tournament by winning the first-year tournament, but chose not to play.

I suppose it wouldn't be a bad idea to get some experience, but I'm not sure I'd want to risk injury, and I'm not sure I'd want to risk my health when I'm using a power boost.

My lighthearted first-year tournament turned into an unexpected struggle, and now with the Black Order and the Vampire Council, I don't know when I'll have to play for real. I couldn't push myself any harder in the tournament.

So there's not really a schedule to participate in.

The damned cross-dressing contest was canceled, and of course the Black Order thought I was a bastard with bad taste.

Herriot was in Group C of the main bracket of the Unlimited tournament.

Participants had to get to the stadium early to set up, so Herriot had to leave early.

Before we left, I had a chance to chat with Herriot for a bit.

"I don't know what to say, but....... Would that work?"

I feel bad saying this, but I don't even know how the hell Herriot made it through the qualifiers.

"I'll figure it out."

Herriot chirped, annoyed by my concern.

I've been nervous since the morning, so I've been asking her questions, and she doesn't seem overly confident, but she doesn't seem overly nervous either.

"Earrings?"

She wasn't even wearing her serenity enchanted earrings.

At my words, Harriet sighed.

"Artifacts are off limits, right?"

Was it?

Come to think of it, yes.

Granted, I'm a full-time artifact user at the point of Sarkhegar's Ring, but I didn't really check to see if I'd gotten the artifact.

That said, you'll have to fight with Herriot's easily-excited temper without anything to back it up.

"Anyway, don't force it. If you feel like you can't, just hit him. You won't get hurt, but you might, so be careful. Almost all of the finalists will be able to enchant, so think about that......."

"Hey, even my mom doesn't nag me this much!"

Eventually, Harriet squealed, and then looked at me with a sad smile.

"Are you that insecure about me?"

Was it supposed to look that way?

"Oh....... No. Not that......."

"No, I know, it's just the way it is. And the truth is, I'm not that offended that you're doing this."

Herriot sighs.

"I know you're just worried about me, thank you."

While it could have been hurtful to take the nagging as a sign that she didn't believe in herself, she chose to look at it positively.

"Still, I'm trying to be different."

I want to be strong.

It's a physical strength thing, but I was thinking before that it's a mindset thing.

Ellen was thinking that her mind was ready, but her body wasn't.

Herriot didn't think either was ready.

In the end, after many days and events, both Ellen and Harriet had changed. There was no single event that caused this, but rather a series of events that overlapped and accumulated to instill a desire to be strong.

To both Ellen and Harriet.

"That, I'll show you this time."

Herriot said it proudly. It was the first time I'd seen him smile in a long time, and he'd always seemed so serious and serious lately because of everything that's been going on.

"Is that something to look forward to?"

"No matter what you expect......."

Herriot chuckles.

"More than that?"

With those words, Herriot left.

It's hard to believe, but when Herriot said that no matter what you expect, you'll get more than you bargained for, I knew he wasn't lying.



* * *



I know of only two people who make it to an unlimited tournament.

One is Herriot de Saint-Ouen, who has just taken off for the stadium.

The other is, of course, Olivia Ranze.

When I said to Ellen that she was Miss Temple or that she could beat me in a no-limit tournament, it wasn't a taunt, it was because I actually played in both.

After Harriet left, I found myself at the front door of the dorm.

"Hmph, were you waiting for your sister?"

"Well. Right."

"I didn't think so. I'm surprised."

Olivia spotted me on her way out of the dorm, squinted, and smiled.

"By the way, senior, can't you use divine power?"

We know that Olivia is confident in her abilities. Although we don't know how much.

Still, Olivia's greatest asset is her divine power.

But of course, since she had renounced her faith, Olivia shouldn't be able to use divine power, regardless of whether or not she could. At my words, Olivia smiled.

"Right, because we can't fall prey to the Inquisition."

"Is ...... really that bad?"

"Unauthorized use of divine power is, of course, forbidden."

You're confident of winning the tournament without even using your long-term divine power? Of course, you've already proven yourself by making it to the main draw.

At my question, Olivia tilted her head and gave me a coy smile.

"Huh? Do you care?"

"......Well, you'll figure it out."

"Chet."

Olivia stuck her tongue out at me for almost feeling too good.

So confident, even when she can't use her most important ability. I wonder how good Olivia really is.

And I had one more question.

"I have a question."

"What is it?"

"Hey, I thought you didn't go to Miss Temple last year. And the tournament."

"You didn't have time last year because you were out serving, did you?"

"You said it was like that before, you weren't really interested."

"Oh, yeah. I did."

Olivia is not a person who likes to show off. Before this, she's always been humble, caring, and even took a year's leave of absence to do rear-guard duty in the Demon War.

Anyway, Olivia Ranze is not the kind of person who likes to show off, even though she has changed. She's never been to Miss Temple, she's never been to a tournament or anything like that.

"You want to know why I'm leaving all of a sudden?"

"Yes, it is."

You're constantly being urged to compete in Miss Temple or tournaments, so why are you suddenly competing in all of them?

"That....... It's not really that great......."

At my question, Olivia blushed and scratched her cheek with her finger.

How Olivia Lanchester, who was never interested in flaunting beauty or power, suddenly became interested in both.

Shyly, Olivia opens her mouth to speak.

"That....... money....... because......."

"Money?"

"Uh....... Yeah."

Money?

Someone who seems to be more indifferent to money than showmanship is competing for it? Olivia ahhhhs and laughs coolly.

What to say.

He looked a little silly and innocent.

It was the first time I'd seen a genuine expression on Olivia Ranze's face in a long time.

The first time we met, I felt like I was seeing the Olivia Ranze of old, when she complied with a rude first-year's unexpected request to meet face-to-face and talked to me in earnest.

"Well, I'm the one who got kicked out, not technically."

"......Ah. Yes."

"So....... I don't have any money, so now......."

a.

Was it?

As the daughter of a crusader knight commander, she may not have known anything else but that money was scarce.

But now that Revere Lance has been dismissed from the Crusader Order and his relationship with Olivia Lance has broken down, Olivia's been able to pull some strings to stay out of trouble, but now she's in trouble she can't tell anyone about.

He has no place to get his pocket money.

I needed money, so I started competing in tournaments with huge prize money and Miss Temple.

It was all about the money.

Olivia blushed, embarrassed to say the words.

Still, it's kind of cool.

"......Doesn't the dignity fee come from the template?"

Royal class students receive a monthly pocket money in the name of maintaining their dignity.

Four gold coins per month.

Four million dollars may seem like a small amount to some, but it's a lot of money.

On top of that, Olivia is someone who doesn't seem to have any interest in luxury. She doesn't wear any jewelry or accessories, and she doesn't have any expensive hobbies.

Isn't the dignity fee from the temple enough then?

"That....... Yeah, but......."

Olivia bit her lip slightly.

"This is really stupid and kind of. I thought you might be embarrassed, so I wasn't going to say it, but......."

Olivia eventually sighs heavily and looks at me in frustration.

"I have a nursery school that I've personally sponsored for a long time, but I gave up my faith, not the kids. I used to have a lot of pocket money from my ex-father-in-law, so it wasn't a problem, but even after this, I've had to cut back on my sponsorship. There are some places that don't have enough money......."

"......."

"So I'm running out of money, and I'm kind of stretched thin, so I'm going to......."

I could see why Olivia was reluctant to tell me.

She knows she's going to be told she's stupid.

It wasn't a place she could support with her own hard-earned money.

But even now, when money is tight, I can't cut back on my donations or quit, so I need the money for tournaments and Miss Temple that I wouldn't have otherwise been interested in.

In the end, it was all about the money, not about getting in Ellen's face for nothing.

Olivia's lips twitched, as if she were making an excuse.

"Well, at least I....... that bad?"

"What's that?"

"The money I get paid to play for places like Chanapelle is not the kind of money I would use to....... for a sponsorship, it's not like that."

I once asked Olivia why she couldn't live for herself.

I wonder if he thought I'd be upset if he told me the real reason he needed the money.

"Actually, I've been thinking about it, but I talked to you the other day and I think it's not the best idea....... I'm thinking about it, but it's okay."

No matter how you use the prize, it's yours to keep.

I'm guessing that the organizations she's supporting are not financially comfortable. We don't know how much Olivia's donations are, but if they're reduced, they're going to be affected.

When I said nothing. Olivia smiled weakly.

"After all, I'm an idiot......."

Olivia mumbles to herself in disbelief.

"I do think it's stupid."

"......."

Is it stupid to try to help others when you can't even help yourself?

I used to think so. I still do, to some extent.

"Still, can that be a bad thing?"

However, those who don't live that way have no reason to look down on those who do.

Be yourself.

There are just some people who live like Olivia.

I don't know and can't judge its rightness or wrongness.

At my words, Olivia looks at me with wide eyes, slightly surprised.

That's not a bad thing.

By no means did I say it was a good thing to do.

"Thanks, Reinhard."

But Olivia smiled as if she was being cheered on. I felt my breath catch in my throat whenever I saw Olivia's expression, not her usual fake one, but her genuine one.

"You are my strength. So much."

Olivia smiled sheepishly, stroked my hair, and winked at me.

"Sis, I'm going to win."

"I didn't mean to say ...... to win."

"......Don't beat around the bush if that's how you got it!"

Olivia scrambled and ran out of the dorm.

......That was a pretty big deal.

By the way, Olivia did not compete in the grade level tournament.

If the prize was money, I could have gone to a grade level tournament.

He thought it wasn't fair because his opponent would be a fifth grader, when in fact he was in school for one more year, and he wouldn't be able to play in the sixth grade tournament.

I think that's why I only played in unlimited tournaments.

As I watched Olivia walk away, I became a little more agitated.

Miss Temple, and unlimited tournaments.

Olivia said after both of their dominant wins.

And I'm pretty sure Herriot and Ellen would be at a disadvantage there.

So, aside from my personal feelings, I was psychologically rooting for Ellen and Harriet. They were fighting a losing battle.

But Olivia was entering both competitions not just for fun, but for something very serious to her.

Now it's hard to know who to root for.

But the nursery's funding is a problem.

This was a bit of a mystery to me.

That can't be right.......

"Oh, there."

After Olivia left, I was walking back to my dorm when someone called out to me.

I was a student, and as the lowest ranking member of the Royal Class, I couldn't possibly have a junior, so it had to be a senior.

"What?"

"You're Reinhardt, right?"

"Yes, by the way."

It was a senior woman with a good-looking face, who called me over, but she was looking off into the distance, not at me.

He was staring in the direction of Olivia's disappearance, to be precise.

"What did you and Olivia talk about?"

"......Well, it was just a small thing."

But who is this guy?

"...... is it?"

The senior in front of me started to glare at me.

I didn't see anything hostile in that gaze.

What to say.

I'm overcome by a strange feeling that sends chills down my spine. He's smiling at me, and I don't know what to say.



It's a weird feeling, like smiling isn't really smiling.

"So, who are you?"

"Oh, you didn't introduce yourself."

He held out his hand to me.

"It's Schmidt. Radia Schmidt. Sixth grade."

"......Ah, yeah."

I clasped her outstretched hand.

Despite its good looks, I felt it in my hands.

Not a normal person.

For some reason, I feel uncomfortable, so I stare at him.

"What can I do for you?"

"Oh, no, Reinhardt. Nothing to do."

He looked at me and gave me a coy smile.

"Not yet."

What is it?

Leaving me with a strangely creepy comment, the unnamed senior slowly walked away from me.





Episode 307.





I met a senior who gave me a strange feeling, but in the end, I didn't learn anything about him other than his name.

Radia Schmidt.

She was a cheap person. She was definitely different from Bertus and Charlotte, but I couldn't put my finger on what made her different.

Herriot is in Group C of the main draw.

Olivia was also in Group C of the main draw.

With a full round of 32, I figured I'd have to get there early to see Herriot play.

Herriot was the only first-year Royal Class competitor, so you'd think there would be a few people in Class B who wouldn't come to watch, but strangely enough, everyone was in the stadium.

Even if he wasn't close to Heriot, he seemed to be curious about the fact that a first-year student, a magic major, was competing in an unlimited tournament, and he wanted to support her because she was his classmate.

It was interesting that there was a sense of motivation as classmates, if not chemistry, since there was no knowledge between A and B classes.

The entire first year class was on their way to the stadium, except for Ellen and Cliff, who would be at the contest tomorrow, and Bertus, who wasn't even in the dorms.

"Whoa......."

"......."

"Hah......."

"......."

"ah......."

-Physics!

"Hey, why do you keep sighing like an asshole?"

As I walked away, sighing heavily, a feverish Riana flashed a light bulb and screamed. The whole class turned to look at her, but I didn't give a damn.

"Aren't you worried about him, he's about to go fight amongst the big boys?"

My kid walked into a tiger's den, man!

It's not like they're freshmen in the waiting room, and the mom is like, "Hey, cute junior, what are you doing here, this isn't the place to show off your skills," and she's like, "I don't think Harriet can handle that!

What if there's a guy in there like me, arguing with me!

"Is Harriet a child?"

"So it's not a child?"

"......."

"......."

a.

They were classmates, not us.

Still.

We're @Mr_Parker.......

I can't help but worry. No matter how much I say I'll take care of myself.......

"Hah......."

I sighed again. Riana frowned at me as I sighed, wishing the earth away for nothing.

"Be very sacrificial to the negativity, eh?"

"......Jesse?"

At Jessa's words, the Dettomorian, who had been following along, stared at her.

"It's not a ritual, but it's a quick spell to bring good luck......."

"Detto. If that works....... Isn't that like cheating......?"

"Is that......."

"Yeah, let's not do that."

"Yes......."

Charlotte realized that the Dettomorian was trying to do something.

From the look on Charlotte's face, it was clear that cheating wasn't the issue, but rather that she thought there might be side effects to what the Detomorian was doing.

"Don't worry. Reinhardt."

As I continued to fidget, Ellen spoke up next to me.

"She'll be fine."

"Based on what?"

"Just."

Ellen wasn't smiling, nor was she making a face.

It was just the usual blind, fat look.

"I'm sure you'll do great."

Believe.

The phrase was eerily familiar.

I told the Grand Duke of St. Thuan that your daughter was the most magically gifted person in the history of mankind, and that there was no limit to what she could do to astonish the world. I said so.

On that note, I can't believe I'm sighing amongst my seniors about playing in a tournament.

As if it weren't enough to believe that you're going to do something, that you're going to show us something great.

This must have been how Archduke Saint-Thuan felt when he heard about the Magical Research Society's research project.

The feeling that when someone is important, everything they do is ugly.

It's like you're so worried that you don't think he can do something that he's perfectly capable of doing.

Herriot is ugly.

But that's only because I value him so much.

I don't want you to get hurt.

I'm not his parent.

Still, it would be disrespectful to him to think of him in that way.

Still....... Our paktong.

If you get beaten like three times in the first game.......

What to do.......

I try to change my mind, but it's not easy.

That's a bottle.

"It's okay, Reinhardt. You'll do fine."

This time, it wasn't Ellen who said it, it was Louis Ankton.

Naturally, the Hufflepuffs were there to watch Herriot play, as was senior Redina.

There was a strange lack of concern on their faces.

"Hey, Reinhardt, stop worrying so much and get ready to be surprised!"

Redina giggled, covering her mouth.

Is there some kind of secret weapon?

It seemed like the Magic Society guys put their heads together for this Heriot's tournament and came up with something.



* * *



The least fun of the grade-level tournaments is obviously the first grade tournament, because it's the lowest level.

It's no surprise, then, that the most fun you can have in a grade-level tournament is a 6th grade tournament. But as you move up the grades, it's not uncommon for juniors to be stronger than seniors.

That's why there are unlimited tournaments.

Ever since we went from matching grade-level tournament winners against each other to having an all-ages unlimited tournament, this was the big match of the festival.

For generations, when the winner of a 6th grade tournament advances to the main event of an unlimited tournament, that person often wins, but there are quite a few times when they don't.

As such, this is arguably the biggest event of the festival.

Soon.

This is the crowning of the strongest in the temple.

Of course, there's a catch: it's only for contestants.

-Wow!

Therefore, the excitement and buzz was not comparable to the first-year tournament.

The crowd was huge, standing room only.

"Ugh, that's too loud."

Riana's voice came from behind me.

Royal class seats were also quite full.

Olivia Ranze, Harriet, and the rest of the royal class would be there. There would be so much shouting that others wouldn't be able to distinguish the sounds, but with my enhanced hearing and focus, I would be able to make out the din of the crowd.

-Who's going to win?

-Wouldn't Radia do it?

-No, Olivia, you're in the race, too.

-Ah....... Yeah? I've never seen him fight before. Isn't he a divine power major?

-That was my major, but....... I hear you're really good in melee.

-Yes? Who?

-Huh? I heard that somewhere too....... Who said that?

Stories swirled around her about other people who had come to watch, but in the end, it was all about Olivia. Some fifth graders came to watch her play, including student council president Ceres van Owen and members of the religious club Grace. It was crowded, so I only made eye contact with them.

"......."

Even Saviolin Tana has admitted that Olivia is the next big thing, so you don't have to look far to see what she's capable of.

Sitting next to me on the right is Charlotte.

To his right sits Savior Tana, the governess and Charlotte's bodyguard.

Olivia kept telling me she was a good fighter.

He also said he hates violence.

We know both to be true. That's why the Royal Class audience was mostly talking about Olivia's performance.

But an important fact.

It's clear that very few people have seen Olivia in action.

Rumors abound, but no one seems to have seen her in action because she's not one to show off her power.

There's a lot of talk about how great it is, how amazing it is, but when I saw it, I was like, "What? I didn't see anybody doing it.

"Is someone named Olivia that great, Lord Tana?"

Charlotte, sitting next to me, whispers to Savior Tana.

Charlotte was eventually bothered by the sounds she heard around her.

"For now, you must address me as Sir, Your Majesty."

Seriously, this guy is weirdly sensitive about how he's called?

"...... If you're going to do that, you're going to have to pay me as a Temple student in the first place, right?"

"......That's not allowed. How could I commit such blasphemy."

"Oh, so you're just calling me Charlotte and treating all my classmates as if they're blasphemers?"

"That's not true, the temple has its own rules, so follow them......."

"No, I'm the headmistress, and the rules require me to call you Charlotte.

"Isn't it self-adhesive?

"I made a mistake.

"What do I do?

Is it an illusion that I feel like I can read your thoughts even when I'm not looking at your face?

'Let's just....... Let's talk about it.'

"Well. Olivia Ranze is an excellent student. Especially among the talent of Temple Royal's class, with a promising future."

"Oh. How much?"

"Hmmm."

Saviolin Tana crosses her arms and watches the competition, which has yet to begin.

"I'd be very surprised if there's a student who's at the same level as Olivia, if not slightly below her."

"Hmmm, Lord Tana....... No, I mean, how do you know about Olivia Lanchester?"

"Most of that is from junior Eppinhauser, but from what I understand, Olivia Ranze hasn't taken any close combat classes since her junior year."

I realized that most of the students were talking about how great Olivia was, but I had never seen her in action. There was no reason to show it in class.

"Why?"

"He said he didn't want to learn more skills to hurt someone."

"......That's a funny thing to say."

"Effinghauser said Olivia was already at a point where she didn't need to learn more."

"......a."

Charlotte looked incredulous.

"The moment you said you didn't want to learn more, you had already learned so much that there was nothing left to learn, right?"

"......, so to speak."

I don't want to learn any more skills to hurt someone! (There's nothing more to learn)

What a funny guy.

Anyway, since then, Olivia hasn't taken any hands-on classes or competed in any competitions.

"Of course, I've never been good at it either."

Even Saviolin Tana only heard about it from Effinghauser.

"So it's all just a bunch of rumors then?"

At that, Saviolin Tana shook her head.

"Hmm, at least it can't be a rumor."

"Why?"

"Yes. You do realize that Olivia Lance went to the front lines during the Demon War, don't you?"

"I heard you're going into wounded warrior or medical......."

"Your Highness."

Saviolin Tana looks at Charlotte.

She did not participate in the Great Demon War. Not that she didn't participate, but she couldn't.

But she could not help but know the details of the circumstances of the Demon War itself.

"At a time when a human hand was a precious commodity, a powerhouse of divine power like Olivia Ranze could only do that?"

"......Did they put you in the field?"

"Of course, they say they didn't send him into battle against his will, but anything can happen behind the lines. A raid by the Demon Army, for example."

I do, and so does everyone else in the temple.

I was thinking too naively.

It was a war, and when I told people that Olivia's job was simply to heal people and take care of the wounded, they were like, "Oh, yeah, that's what you do when you go to the front lines.

Saint of Eredian, as she was nicknamed.

When she told me that she had come back from doing something noble, like a white-robed angel, I just assumed that was it.

"I'm not going to tell you the details because it's not a good thing for you to hear."

Saviolin Tana looks out onto the field where the first match is about to begin.

"Olivia Ranze has been in unsafe places, faced unsafe things, and come out alive."

"......."

Olivia is not a greenhouse plant.

She lived through a real war and came out of it alive.

I wonder if that made me hate violence even more.

For Olivia, it would never be a good memory. That's why she would tell everyone that she was just doing her service.

"Olivia Ranze was called a reaper in your part of the world, not a saint."

Olivia killed countless demonic forces on the battlefield where she went to save people.

Thus, even her allies feared her and called her the Grim Reaper.

I didn't think Olivia would like being called Saint Eredian.

In fact, she had a nickname she was sure to hate even more.





Episode 308.





Unlimited tournaments are a far cry from the first-year tournaments I experienced.

Many of the participants were seniors from the Royal Class or former Orbis Classes, and none of them were so good that they could be ignored even if they were from the regular class.

First, of the finalists, the Melee class had awakened to the power enchantment.

It's true that many people don't become enlightened until they graduate from Enchantment, but that means there are those who do.

This is the place to see who is the strongest in the Temple. As such, enchantments should be built into the foundation.

Some brackets are designed so that people who are close to winning in the first place don't meet in the preliminaries and get knocked out.

As I watched the Group A match, I caught a glimpse of the strange female senior who had spoken to me earlier in front of the dorm.

-Ladia Schmidt, 6th grade, Royal Class!

She was also a tournament competitor.

It seemed like she was the favorite to win before Olivia's name came up.

Was it competitor conscious, like if Olivia didn't compete, you were almost certain to win, and then all of a sudden Olivia competed and you felt like it would make it harder for you to win?

Olivia is a year behind, so she should be in 6th grade.

This means that Olivia and Radia Schmidt would have been in the Temple for a long time.

But Olivia's been doing some crazy things lately. I can't imagine Olivia being in bad blood with anyone.

Radia Schmidt, 6th grade, Royal Class, B-2.

Whatever he was thinking, the important thing was that he was very good.

I could feel it in my hands, but seeing it in my eyes was something else.

"......that's a lot."

"Sure."

After watching Radia Schmidt's main event, Ellen and I couldn't help but agree.

Paladin family. A monster that uses both divine and magical enhancements.

She walked away with a clean win, and the people in the next match, winners and losers alike, were incredibly talented.

Even if I had won first grade, I wouldn't be able to show my business card. I wasn't particularly proud of myself for winning first grade, but I couldn't help but think that I still had a long way to go when I saw how good the seniors were.

I don't know about Ellen, but I'm not there yet.

The crowd was also on the edge of their seats as they watched the students battle it out with their enchantments.

Charlotte didn't seem to care about any of this, but she was paying attention as she listened to Saviolin Tana's commentary from the sidelines.

It was quite helpful to listen across it.

Who's going to win this time, who's going to act this way in this situation, the outcome is already decided, etc. Saviolin Tana was pretty much right.

Of course, there were those who weren't interested at all.

"Adelia, wake Harriet when she comes out."

"Huh? Ah....... Yeah."

Riana slashed at the thigh of Adelia, who was sitting next to her.

Me-Ellen-Liana-Adelia

Since they were sitting in this order, he lay with his head on Adelia's side and his legs across Ellen's thighs.

Ellen stood still as if she didn't care, but I didn't.

"Do you want to fuck in a skirt?"

"I don't care if you're wearing shorts."

Riana lay back as if it didn't matter and tried to run her hand under her skirt.

Well, what the heck!

-Bang!

"Yuck!"

"......."

And just as she was about to do so, Ellen, who hadn't moved, slapped Riana's thigh with a loud crack.

"Stay still."

"Uh, yeah......."

Ellen stared at Riana, and Riana nodded as she lay there with a dazed look on her face.

Ellen clutched at the hem of Riana's skirt as if she were afraid Riana was going to make a fool of herself.

-Bang! Quack!

In the meantime, two of the enchanted students were getting into a rough fight.

It's not hard to follow visually, but it's a battle of monsters that I'm not sure I'd win if I stood in front of it.

Now, it's time for Herriot to take on those guys.

How the hell are you supposed to deal with kids who aren't confident in themselves?

We're @Mr_Parker.......

You're good at this, right?

I'm so anxious I'm going to lose my mind!

It's not like you're mentally going through a hard time because you lost, right?

-MoonMoonMoon

"Stop dropping your legs."

Ellen finally said something to me.

No, but I'm not sure what to do with my anxiety.

-Haah.......

From somewhere, I heard the earth sigh, a sound very similar to my own.

It wasn't the sound of a sigh that made me suddenly focus on something else.

I'm not sure what to say right now, but it felt very similar to me.

It was familiar.

-Honey, stop it.

-You're not even anxious?

-My kid will figure it out eventually.

The Grand Duke and Duchess of Saint-Thuan sat side by side.

When you think about it, it's festive season, so it's not that unusual for the Grand Duke and Duchess of Saint-Thuan to be at the Temple. Herriot was even competing in an unlimited tournament, so it was only natural that they would come to watch.

The seats weren't very close together, so I don't think the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan recognized me.

But it was clear that both me and the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan were thinking the same thing.

I was doing it, so I was definitely the crazy one around here.

This....... But.......

Should I go say hi......?

I think we've cleared up that misunderstanding.

It's not like your friend's parents came all the way here and you didn't see them, and it's not like you didn't see them and say hello.

But I'm not sure I'm supposed to say hello.

What to do?

Once that's done, let's think about it.

Anyway, it's nice to have someone who shares the same anxiety.



* * *



Third match of Group C of the Grand Finals of the Unlimited Tournament.

That was Herriot's first bracket.

The only first year, and also the only Magic major in this tournament, is Royal Class First Year A-4, Herriot de Saint-Ouen!

Herriot stood still, dressed in a long-sleeved outfit that looked comfortable for the activity, not a school uniform.

A first year, and a magic major at that.

Even the most casual observer already knows that Herriot is at a disadvantage.

Naturally, the Royal Class first years were there, as well as Riana, who had been lying down and was now sitting up properly, looking out over the pitch.

Her opponent is Isa Shelkin, a senior in Eleanor's class.

Whoever it is, they'll have access to disenchantments, as will all of the main eventers in the Unlimited tournament.

He's listed as being from the regular class, but it's entirely possible that he was a transfer from the Orbis class.

Armed with a sword.

Herriot was unarmed because he was a magic major.

The Unlimited tournament is a best-of-five, best-of-three format starting with the round of 36.

Herriot's expression was tense. This would be her first time fighting someone in front of this many people.

I hope it doesn't fail to cast.

After a brief introduction from the moderator, the first set began.

I enhanced both my eyesight and hearing to get a better picture of the situation.

Isa Shelkin stares at Herriot.

-Magic major, though I don't know how a first year made it to the finals.......

The fourth grader points his sword at Harriet and says, "Hold still.

-If you were lucky, that's over, junior.

Herriot didn't say anything.

When it comes to defeating magic majors, it's all about speed.

Don't give them a chance to attack. Aisa Shelkin's body glowed a pale blue.

Enchantment.

-Thump!

And with that, a rush. Isa Shelkin's new model comes at Harriet like the wind.

Herriot stretched his hands out in front of him as he watched the rush.

-Quack!

Isa Shelkin's lunging thrust was blocked by a blue veil centered on Herriot's hand.

It is presumed to be a protection class magic. So far, so good. It's been pre-cast.

But the protective magic can't last indefinitely.

As if she knew that, Isa Shelkin pounded away at Herriot's protective spells.

-Bang! Quack! bang!

A blunt blow with the power of an enchantment. It's not enough to play defense.

The blue glow was fading, as if the protection had already reached its limits.

We all watched in silence. Even Saviolin Tana was watching, not wanting to jump to conclusions.

-Quack!

Isa Shelkin's blow leaves you unprotected, and she stabs again, taking advantage of the gap.

The next protection is not yet ready.

For a moment, I thought I was allowing an attack.

-shhh!

The new Herriot is gone.

"!"

Having lost her target in an instant, Aisa Shelkin threw her sword into the air.

She couldn't see it, but everyone in the audience could.

On the other side of the stadium, there was Herriot.

Blink, a short-range spatial travel spell.

"It's the first magic a Battlemage must master."

Saviolin Tana's comment was short and scary, and Aisa Shelkin turned her attention to Herriot, who had closed the distance in an instant.

But.

-Flash!

The blue light from Herriot's right hand connects with Aisa Shelkin's body.

-Crack!

Whether it was the protective force of the magical enhancement or her training in anti-magic, Aisa Shelkin flinched, but she didn't collapse.

But there's no easy way to recover from a lightning strike.

That brief moment.

-Currrrr!

A searing ball of flame hovered above Herriot's right shoulder. The fireball shot toward Isa Shelkin before it could be cast.

-Quack!

Before the explosions of fireballs had died down, I was looking at an unbelievable sight.

The fireball was scary to hit, and another fireball was already spawning and shooting to Herriot's left.

-Quack!

Another fireball was shot at Isa Shelkin, who was once again caught in the crossfire and explosion.

That's weird.

Saviolin Tana narrowed her eyes at the sight.

"The casting speed is....... very fast."

People were realizing that Heriot's spellcasting speed was very fast.

Not to be outdone, Herriot fired a total of three consecutive fireballs to Isa Shelkin.

It was already limited enough.

The third fireball struck, and with the glow of the recall artifact, Isa Shelkin was summoned back.

-First set, and it's a win for freshman Herriot de Saint-Ouen!

What the heck happened.

He's like, what the hell did you do?

Herriot pinpoints me from the crowd and looks at me.

As if he thinks it's a given that I'll listen to him. He says.

-When?

I don't know what the hell he's been doing all these years.

All I knew was that an unusually talented kid was starting to do unusually things.

-Waaaaaah!

And the crowd roared with delight at the destructive power and splendor of the magic itself.

I don't know what she did, but I'm pretty sure I'd be no match for her now.

I grinned at Harriet.

The mouse was worried about the cat.

But hey, it wasn't a bad feeling.

-What did I tell you? Didn't I tell you it would be fine?

-Yes, I knew this was coming.

-.......

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan had changed his tune.





Episode 309.





The result was 3-0 in favor of Herriot.

Her opponent, Isa Shelkin, was dumbfounded.

You've been defeated by a magic major.

It was inevitable.

The downside to magic is casting. But in the face of Herriot's unusually fast casting speed, Aisa Shelkin was always going to be a beat slower.

While Heriot obviously doesn't have the ability to no-cast, he literally tossed a melee major under the bus in a situation where his casting speed was apparently very high.

Redina's talent for no-casting is what makes it so ridiculous.

A guy like Heriot with enough hp can overwhelm a combat major with his casting speed alone, and if he didn't cast at all, he'd beat them to a pulp before they even had a chance to breathe.

The audience is just cheering, but we can't help but be baffled.

It's kind of weird for Heriot to be that way, because it's already weird.

That goes for Saviolin Tana, who has been watching all the fights and commenting on them.

"Magic requires casting."

"Yes, because it's common sense."

At Charlotte's answer, Saviolin Tana tilted her head; she, too, seemed to find the situation a bit bizarre.

"But at higher levels, Battlemages use magic almost instantaneously, without the computation of casting."

"Yeah, that's probably true too."

"Herriot de Saint-Ouen seems to have the casting speed of a skilled Battlemage."

The look on Saviolin Tana's face was one of conviction: "There's no way that's possible.

For Saviolin Tana, an experienced Battlemage was not a lightweight, but a battle-worn, battle-scarred Battlemage.

Casting speed of a Battlemage with at least 10 years of experience.

Is it really possible.

"Of all the mages, Battlemages are the only ones who care about multicasting or chain casting. The rest of the classes don't need to cast as fast, and finesse is the way to go, not speed....... Why else would you spend time on that skill......."

Fast casting speed is great, but it's only for Battle Mages. Battle mages are looked down upon by wizards, as I once heard a kid say.

Fast casting is, after all, a skill reserved for knife-eating mages.

It seemed incomprehensible to Saviolin Tana that a young lady of the Grand Duchess of St. Thuan should be skilled in a skill that only a Battlemage could master.

Herriot wanted to have real power. That's why he devotes his time to skills that don't necessarily have much to do with his noble birth.

Of course, the fact that I was able to do that just because I took the time to do it didn't make sense to me or to Savior Tana.

What the hell was going on at the Magic Institute?

Adelia met my gaze and smiled in embarrassment.

It's a secret.

"I think Herriot de Saint-Ouen is going to do pretty well."

In the end, it was clear to me that Herriot had gained a significant amount of combat power that I hadn't anticipated.

Ellen said that Harriet would do well.

I don't know if she knew this was coming, but Ellen didn't seem too surprised.



* * *



As the round of 32 matches unfolded, I realized that, contrary to my fears, Heriot had the right stuff. Heriot was clearly good enough to win the Unlimited tournament qualifier and earn a spot in the main event.

With the round of 32 matches in Group C underway, the moment everyone in the know has been waiting for has arrived.

Olivia Ranze, Royal Class 5th grader.

Because of her celebrity status, some people recognized Olivia and cheered, and the royal class reacted with enthusiasm.

The emcee rambled on about Olivia. There was a lot of unfamiliarity, but Olivia just stood there with a thin smile on her face.

But if it's a problem.

She gave up her faith.

But she can still use holy power. And at a very powerful level.

However, it would be problematic if she were to use her divine powers, having renounced her faith at this point.

She must fight without divine powers if she does not wish to be heard.

The opponent is a fifth-grade boy.

She's introduced as being from the General Class, but apparently she's from the Orbis Class. The Royal and Orbis classes have had quite a bit of interaction, so it's not too strange that Olivia would know each other.

Olivia didn't look in my direction.

Everyone is curious to see what Olivia can do, and it's the first time Saviolin Tana has seen her in action.

-And with that, let's start the last match of Group C!

With a startup declaration.

I was curious to see what Olivia Ranze would look like in a fight without using her divine powers.

The opponent is armed with a spear.

Olivia was unarmed.

The spear-wielding opponent's body is engulfed in blue mana.

Olivia looks at her opponent with a smile.

-Sorry about the audience.

Olivia's words rang in my ears.

-Because my game is kinda, kinda boring.

-Woof

Olivia's body was enveloped in blue, fiery mana.

I had assumed that Olivia would be able to enhance her magic. Without using any of her divine power, the naked Olivia moves.

No, I could tell she was moving, but I couldn't even follow her movements with my eyes.

-Bam!

-cur...... billion!

The next moment, Olivia was already ramming her fist into her opponent's abdomen.

The force of the blow sent his opponent flying, and he landed a good distance off the field.

Even with my enchantments, I couldn't believe the destructive power of my bare fists.

-Oh, was that too much?

Set 1 was over in a flash.

Strong contender.

No, I think I'm the only one who can win.

Me and Ellen were staring blankly at Olivia, who had just blown away an opponent who was just as enchanted as she was.

You must fight without divine power.

Well, I wonder if it was a penalty in the first place.

Olivia seemed unstoppable in her condition.

I can't believe the nickname for her is Saint Eredian.

Shouldn't he have been labeled the strongest in the temple?



* * *



After all the round of 32 matches have been completed.

After a short break, it was time for the round of 16 matches to begin.

Just like in the first grade tournament, the winners of each group will face off in the semifinals and finals tomorrow.

So Herriot will need to win this round of 16 and the next quarterfinal to have a shot at the final.

But finals aren't what Herriot is about.

Player Waiting Room.

Harriet sat still on the couch. She wanted to go into her room and collect her thoughts, but she thought it would be good to get a feel for the people she might have to deal with.

"You said Herriot, you're amazing. I'll see you at the next game, take care."

"Oh....... Yeah."

Some people were nervous, but the next match was with a cheerful-looking female senior. From the Royal Class, I knew she was a psychic, not a melee player.

The ability is Wind.

He easily defeated his opponent by blowing him away with wind pressure and knocking him out of the game.

She wasn't sure what to do about it.

"Would you like to try this? It's delicious."

"Oh, no....... It's fine."

She would sit next to him and mumble about this and that.

"Well, if my wind is blocked by your protection, there's not much I can do about it, and I don't really know how to fight."

I think he's pretty sure he's going to lose. He's counting on the wind to create a long hand, but his opponent is Herriot, who knows how to use protection.

The girl who whined that she was going to lose because she had a bad match, even though she was a senior, was subtly cute.

While he might be pretending to be vulnerable and then suddenly revealing his hidden skills, he doubted that his fellow royals would go to such lengths.

From the looks of it, he didn't seem too keen on winning. Harriet was a little annoyed by the constant chatter, but she didn't hate it in the end.

"Not really....... You don't seem to be nervous."

"Nervous? Well, there's no reason to be, is there?"

She nibbled on a macaron, sipped her black tea, and smiled bashfully.

"Olivia's going to win Group C anyway."

With Olivia in the race, it seemed like she'd given up because there was no way she was going to win. Her reaction made me realize that she might have.

I didn't even see what was going on.

Most of the participants are capable of enchantment, but this one stands out.

She hadn't even used her main divine power. Everyone seemed to have given up after seeing Olivia's overwhelming power.

How I would have handled it.

Herriot thought about it, but couldn't come up with a good answer.

Olivia Ranze.

An unlimited tournament to try and beat her. She'd just seen Olivia Ranze's skills, and she didn't think she could beat her.

But first, she wanted to stand in front of him.

She has to make it all the way to the quarterfinals, the last match of Group C, to face Olivia. I won't be able to beat her, but I'm going to give her a run for her money.

I'm not sure why.

Olivia Ranchada, who is sure to be tougher than Ellen.

Favoritism was an emotion Herriot didn't have.

However, it's been around for a while.

The desire to be strong naturally becomes the desire not to lose.

As Harriet chatted with the contestants, she saw Olivia Ranze approaching in the distance. She's been at Temple for a long time, and she's smiling and chatting with the other contestants, who are now her competition.

Ellen said she didn't like him.

Herriot hates him, too.

Olivia walked over and made eye contact with Harriet.

"Hello?"

"......Hello."

"Um, you're a friend of Reinhard's, too, right? Nice to meet you."

Olivia smirked.

The word "you".

That word that puts someone before me.

Herriot resents that.

She's seen Olivia Lanchester's unnecessary confrontations with Ellen before, and she knows where that desire to challenge comes from.

Olivia doesn't like Ellen.

Ellen doesn't like Olivia either.

"You're amazing. I can't believe you're already that good as a freshman. Aren't you playing against your sister in the finals of Group C today?"

But Olivia doesn't hate Herriot.

The kind look and tone of voice, the lack of animosity.

Unabashed praise.

"How are you feeling, do you need me to cast a healing spell on you?"

Unnecessary consideration.

Herriot knows that his opponent is not wary of him at all.

That attitude that you don't need to show hostility to someone as small as you.

It's not even ignoring, which makes me feel even more ignored.

"Good luck, both of you."

I don't like you.

You don't hate me.

Herriot hates this situation because of the gap in their feelings for each other.

"I, I don't like her."

"......?"

And so it was that Herriot suddenly threw cold water on the cheerfulness. Olivia stared at her, then scratched her cheek.

"Oh....... Really?"

Olivia gave a subtle smile, as if reading something in Harriet's expression.

It's the look he sometimes gives Ellen when he sees her. It's a smile with a subtle sneer.

"So what?"

Harriet stares at Olivia, still.

Ellen was annoyed and upset that she was being hated for nothing.

You don't even know what it's like to be hated like that.

You can't imagine how frustrating it is to have someone you dislike do you a favor because you've been deemed unworthy of them.

So.

I'm going to make you hate me.

I'll make it impossible to ignore me.

"Just, no."

"Really? That's too bad."

At Harriet's words, Olivia beamed.

"I don't really care about you."

"......."

"For you". A phrase that implies he doesn't know anyone else but you, and that he's not really interested in you.

Again, he was intentionally ignoring himself.

You may not be able to win.

I won't let you ignore it any longer.

Harriet gritted her teeth as she watched Olivia's back.



* * *



Herriot has grown by leaps and bounds.

It was the final Group C match of the tournament, and they squeaked through to the quarterfinals.

My opponent in the Round of 16 was a Royal Class 4, Wind-type psychic, and I lost. I blocked the wind and aimed five firebolts back at him, causing him to bow out. As if there was no point in trying.

She was the woman who told me to come to her if anything happened during the Mayotte incident. I never did, but I remembered her face.

In the end, it was a mismatch: a melee combat specialist who wanted to fight by blowing people away with the wind, and a magic specialist who was no match for him.

And just like that, the Group C final.

Unsurprisingly, Olivia made light work of her Round of 16 opponent and advanced to the Group C final.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

Olivia Ranze.

The winner of the two will advance to the quarterfinals, where they'll have a shot at the title tomorrow.

Despite two solid games, I and the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan eventually broke down again.

-MoonMoonMoon

"......just shake it off."

Ellen's face mask.

-Haah.......

-Honey, what's wrong?

-The opponent is not too bad.......

Likewise, the Grand Duke being confronted by Madame Saint-Antoine.

No matter how much Herriot has grown, Olivia Ranze is no match for her right now.

The only hope is that Olivia Ranze won't use her divine powers.

That slim advantage is the only way that Herriot can claim victory.

Everyone in the royal class, regardless of grade, was holding their breath.

Herriot doing well in an unlimited tournament despite being a magic major in his freshman year.

Olivia Ranze deserves the title of Temple Strongest.

They were facing each other on the field.





Episode 310.





Across from her, Olivia Ranze smiled weakly. Whereas Herriot's expression was tense, her opponent's was relaxed.

That arrogant attitude didn't sit well with Herriot.

"I wonder if I was once like that.

There was a time when everything in the world seemed smaller and more ridiculous than you.

Everything is determined at birth, and I don't understand why people are so desperate to be born.

There was a time when I would just laugh at them without trying to understand them. Even now, I don't think I've completely abandoned that part of myself, but I do realize that I need to work on it.

The opponent is arrogant.

Sure, she's known for her selflessness, as her nickname, Saint of Eredian, suggests, but for some reason she acts like a terrible person when it comes to Reinhardt.

I'd argue with Ellen.

Intentionally ignore yourself.

That look I get every time.

They put on a coy smile, hide their true colors, and try to provoke others.

Herriot knows the odds are stacked against him. He's seen that monster fight.

But that mask.

That abomination of a face, thick as hell.

Angry, frustrated, pissed off, whatever.

I'm going to rip that mask off for once.

I'm not going to let you look at me like that and ignore me forever.

-And now, the final match of the quarterfinals, Group C! Let's get started!

Olivia Ranze stares at Harriet.

"I hate sloppy work. I'll make it quick."

Olivia's body is covered in blue mana.

Dense mana surrounds her.

I hate clunky.

Herriot couldn't believe Olivia's words.

"That's not what someone who clings to a hated Reinhardt would say, is it?"

"Oh, that?"

Olivia smiles and slowly walks toward Harriet, not running.

"I like it so much that I have to do something I really don't like."

"......."

"You can't say that, can you?"

Olivia continues to approach Harriet with a dazzling smile.

Someone who is honest with their heart.

Someone you can be honest with.

Someone who is willing to push through, even if it hurts someone else because of their heart.

He accepts that in order to gain something, he must lose something, and so he tries to keep Reinhardt, even if it means hurting himself and Ellen.

Harriet felt a sudden surge of envy for Olivia.

But it's frighteningly infrequent. Your opponent is only provoking you.

That moment when Herriot tries to stop thinking about what the other person said to keep his cool.

She stomps her foot on the ground in a vicious manner.

-Tat!

The sound was light.

-shhhh!

However, the pace was not light.

-Chee!

Olivia's fist slammed into the blue force field as the protection activated before Herriot's eyes.

-Quack!

"!"

A fist was thrust in front of Herriot's nose as the protection collapsed.

-pot!

In the split second before she was about to strike, Herriot closed the distance with a blink. Olivia spun around and smiled at the sweating Herriot.

"That's fast."

Casting a blink scared the protection into collapse.

But unlike Olivia's laid-back demeanor, Harriet didn't have time to play around with Olivia.

-Flash!

A bolt of lightning slammed into Olivia's body.

This is the tactic I used in the first match. After creating distance with Blink, he unleashes a barrage of offensive magic to strip away the protection of Enchantment.

There are plenty of people who have gotten screwed in the qualifiers with this simple method.

If you're afraid of proximity, don't allow it.

Once a Lightning Bolt spell has been cast, the hit is almost instantaneous. This makes it nearly impossible to dodge. Of course, a normal person would be stunned or cut off by the blast, but an enchanted opponent is different.

It's better to make him incapacitated with a highly destructive fireball.

So far, so good.

But Olivia shrugged off the blow and charged at Harriet again, as if it hadn't happened. She didn't flinch, not even slightly.

Of course, Herriot expected this.

-Thump!

Herriot flicked his hand, and the arena floor rose, creating a stone wall.

Protection is easily breached.

If so, create a physical wall.

One, your opponent doesn't have a strategy.

"Lead."

I trust the overwhelming physics and push in.

"Are you going to stop me one bit?"

-Quack!

Olivia Ranze lunged at Herriot, smashing through the rising stone wall with her bare hands.

"I'm not trying to stop you.

In that short time, Herriot had already cast his spell.

There's no way a wall is going to stop Olivia.

Your opponent is overpowered.

If so, you don't need to win by force, you need to win by other means.

The idea behind building a wall is to disappear from your opponent's view.

The magic used is Hallucination. It causes hallucinations and prevents you from recognizing your own presence.

The magic is endless.

Confuse your opponent's perceptions, causing them to go on a rampage and lose the game.

Your opponent won't recognize you now. You've just broken through a wall and jumped out, and you've disappeared into thin air.

But.

Herriot felt it the moment he cast the spell.

'Resistance......?'

The spell cast at Olivia deflected.

Why.

This is intermediate, if not superlative, psychic magic.

It's not magic that can be so easily resisted.

Herriot could only watch as Olivia's fist flew toward him.



* * *



The first set was taken by Olivia after a short battle.

After being re-called back into the arena, Herriot stared blankly at Olivia's smiling face.

Illusions above Illusion were not just less effective, they were not effective at all.

"I can see what you were trying to do."

Olivia speaks to Harriet with her hands on her hips, as if to give her special instructions.

"Most psychic magic doesn't work on me, sweetheart."

Hearing those words, Herriot's head seemed to freeze over.

Not surprisingly, it's not well known that Olivia Ranze has an immune level of resistance to mind-based magic.

It's not surprising that Herriot doesn't know this.

But the price of not knowing was that all of her plans were wiped out.

I was hoping that the solution would be to use spirit-based magic since I can't physically match him, but it turns out that it doesn't work against him at all.

There's no way that was a bluff. Herriot could clearly feel the spell not having the slightest effect.

I was expecting some anti-horsemanship, but I wasn't expecting it to be completely ineffective.

"What's with the look of disbelief on your face? Isn't that the way the world works? Everyone is born with something. This is a place where you're supposed to be a natural."

Temples.

The royal class is where they gather.

"Just as you're a nonsensical person in your own way, I'm bound to be a nonsensical person in my own way, right?"

The second set was about to start.

"If that's all you've got, just abstain."

Olivia is still smiling.

"Before I make myself even more miserable."

I realized that the number of tricks I had up my sleeve in unfavorable situations didn't work in the first set.

It was hopeless.

I thought there was only one other person with that talent, Scarlett from Class B, but it turns out there's more.

Herriot's mind was racing now that his only option was gone.

-Ma! Bam!

And then, through the chaos, a voice broke through.

One side of the bleachers.

I heard a familiar voice.

You don't have to look at it to know.

If you call yourself that, you're the only one in the world.

-Don't pout!

He was shouting at himself. Not to win, not to be strong.

It's just a way of saying, "Don't suck. That statement in and of itself is not encouraging at all.

But.

"Chit."

Herriot could see Olivia Ranze's expression twist slightly as she heard the same shout.

It's times like these that you root for the underdog, and Reinhardt certainly said so.

It was a little nerve-wracking to hear him say that when he was sure he was going to lose.

But.

At the end of the day, it's all about results.

Reinhardt is cheering himself on.

-Don't squirm, just go for it!

Reinhardt is rooting for Herriot de Sanctuan, not Olivia Lanze.

"I guess this is what you mean by feeling like a winner even when you lose."

"......."

Harriet laughed at Olivia's stony expression.

The smile vanished from Olivia's face. There was no playful taunt, no sarcastic remark.

Herriot's confused thoughts were drowned out by Reinhardt's shout, but as it turned out, something worse could have been in store for Herriot.

"This is, like, weird."

Olivia Ranze was angry now.

Dear Herriot.

To Reinhardt.

"This sucks, I'm done."

The start of the second set had already been announced.

Olivia pounces again.

Herriot didn't bother to protect this time. Suddenly, strings of blue power lines appeared on the back of Herriot's hand, glowing blue.

"Suck!"

-Quadruple!

"!"

In an instant, the stadium cracked and the whole thing collapsed.

"Boom!"

Taking advantage of an off-balance Olivia Ranze stumbling, Herriot spread her hands.

The spell you just cast is called Shockwave.

With that, the terrain collapsed.

It's not low-level magic by any means.

And then there's some higher-level magic.

One set.

There's no looking back. I'll take a set at all costs.

Herriot stretched both hands to the sky.

A giant fireball that can't be compared to a fireball.

"Take this!"

A flame strike rushed toward the staggering Olivia Ranze.

-Koo-koo-koo-koo!

A massive explosion of flames engulfed Olivia Ranze.

The backs of Herriot's hands and forearms glowed with blue energy lines.



* * *



Suddenly, the stadium is blown to smithereens, and with it, a devastating flame strike.

The overwhelming spectacle left the audience speechless.

"It doesn't make sense."

Saviolin Tana, who had been watching the situation, spoke up briefly.

"I don't care how much of a genius Herriot de Saint-Etienne is, casting a spell of destruction on that scale and at that speed is simply impossible."

"......Are you saying I cheated or something?"

"Well....... But I don't think that's a normal way to use a spell at all. Just look at that symbol that suddenly appeared on the student's body......."

As Saviolin Tana had said, Herriot's hands had formed blue letters. They were gone now.

I cast a series of mass destruction spells. The time difference was almost non-existent. Ellen, me, Riana.

Everyone was stunned by the sight.

"No way....... Harriet is......."

I grabbed Ellen by the shoulders and shook her.

"Dude, does he have a tattoo now?"

"......?"

Herriot.

I don't know what it is, but it looks like a tattoo!

No, why not!

I can do it! I can do it! I can do it! Yes, I can!

"Does that matter to you right now?"

"Well, but!"

Riana's presence made me feel like crying. There were definitely guys here who knew what the hell that was.

"Louis, what the hell is going on, what has the Ministry of Magic done to our little bugger!"

At my near-scream, Louis turned to look at me from the front seat.

As if he had no idea I would react this way.

"Oh, no....... Why are you being so obnoxious?"

Louis sighed heavily, as if to calm himself.

"It's scroll magic."

"......What is that?"

Louis looks at Herriot, who is standing on one side of the half-destroyed arena.

"Herriot, you're writing a magic scroll in real time."

This is.......

What the hell is that supposed to mean?



* * *



-What did the Ministry of Magic do to my pout!

It wasn't just Reinhardt who was confused, but the archduke and his wife as well.

So I didn't even pay attention to Reinhardt, who was calling his daughter a punk.

"My baby....... What is that?"

"Well....... I'm not sure."

Even the magical Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan couldn't figure out what his daughter had done to his body.

It was a sight that no one had ever heard of or seen before. Of course, the Archduke was not as horrified as Reinhardt.

He is a wizard before he is a high noble. As such, he lives with the mindset of a mage.

"Looks like my daughter has already done something to shock the world."

It doesn't matter if you win or lose this fight.

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan had a hunch that his daughter had developed a new system of magic that had never been seen before.



* * *



Casting.

It's the beginning and end of the magic.

But casting still takes time, and no amount of speed can make that time zero. Magic is a great and convenient power, but if you're going to use it for combat, it's going to have a fatal flaw: casting time.

Given time, magic can destroy everything.

That said, with such a short preparation time for casting, there are times when Battlemages with such great skill can die for nothing.

Casting is a natural part of the process, and the idea of eliminating it is unthinkable.

Because that's like trying to give an answer without a formula.

But Herriot knows your story.

Royal Class 2-A, 1 Redina.

Talent is no-cast.

Call it a superpower, but Herriot has seen it happen.

Magic that manifests as soon as you think it.

If that's possible, what's not possible for you?

But you can't get superpowers.

Herriot worked to drastically reduce casting time, something many Battlemages have been working on.

Obviously, I didn't get any superpowers.

I just found a way to do it elsewhere.

At the Magic Institute, Herriot wracked his brains with everyone.

It wasn't Harriet who found the answer, but Louis. Louis Ankton understands magic, but can't use it.

As such, it has a different mindset than a typical wizard.

"Scroll magic can be cast instantly.

"That's right.

"A scroll is an enchanted piece of paper with a magic circle on it, right?

"Yes.

"But don't people already have magic in their bodies?

"Yeah, so?

"Can't I just draw a circle of magic on a person's body, assuming it's a scroll, and trigger it?

'......?'

"Huh?

Louis Ankton's response was that it was a bunch of nonsense.

But he wasn't exactly wrong.

Scrolls essentially require a magic circle to be drawn on an enchanted medium.

Enchanted Medium - Paper

Magic Circle - Formulas

It was a very intuitive understanding that if you put a human being as the medium and the formula on a human body, magic would happen. It was a bizarre argument that even Herriot, who had an intimate understanding of magic, had no clue about.

"Detomorian told me that the warriors of his tribe had their faces tattooed with the word Warpaint by shamans to draw on their extraordinary powers.

'I know witchcraft is the root of magic, but....... I don't know what that warpaint thing is, but it draws magic lines on people's bodies to draw power from them. What are you talking about?

"Yeah, I've heard it works, and if the warpaint harnesses the magic in a person's body, it's not all that different from what I was talking about after all, is it?

Louis was just saying. Using the human body as a scroll to reduce casting time, with the human itself functioning as a scroll.

It's too radical," Louis said, and Adelia shook her head.

"But assuming that works, if I can imprint a fireball spell circle and cast it, will that person only be able to use fireballs? If they try to use other spells, will they be able to use.......'

'I'm going to be covered in tattoos.......'

We all cringe, because even if we pretend, we know it's not going to be pretty.

And even if you did, you'd probably end up covered in tattoos if you tried to imprint all that magic on your body.

"And we can't learn scroll magic in the first place.

Christina said. The spells associated with the scrolls are top-secret and cannot be taught in the Temple, so whether it works or not, it's not something I can learn at this point.

"No.

But he shook his head at that.

"You don't need a magic circle, you need to imprint a 'language'.

Language.

Everyone was dumbfounded again by the noise.

"Once you've imprinted a language, there's a magical system that allows you to derive all sorts of magic just by putting together the right sequence of characters.

Once he said that, everyone knew what he was talking about.

Less ancient than witchcraft, but very ancient indeed, and the true source of magic.

"You just need to carve a rune.

With runes, you can create all the magic in the world.





Episode 311.





My body becomes a magic scroll.

You don't have to perform complicated maneuvers every time you cast a spell. You simply call upon the runes inscribed on your body and infuse them with magic.

The flesh is the paper, and the letters are the spellbook.

It's not quite casting-free, but it's close.

A never-before-seen magical system that combines runic and scroll magic with the human body.

Louis Ankton, who conceived of the first draft, nailed it when he said it wouldn't work.

Magic has evolved, and runes are overly primitive.

It was simply too inefficient to abandon the developed system and return to primitive methods to implement modern magic in an ancient magical language.

The first step was to reinterpret and translate modern magic into runes. A deep understanding of runes was a must.

Herriot could do that.

The Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, a magical master, had emphasized the importance of runes from a very young age, so Herriot had a very deep understanding of the language, if not the level of a professional scholar who had spent a lifetime studying it.

But on top of that, I had to memorize a huge amount of runic formulas and activate and rearrange them whenever I needed to.

Herriot could do that too.

Memorization is too easy for Herriot.

As such, Herriot's body, not his mind, was now doing most of the actual work of manipulating magic after the fact. All that was required was to memorize a number of magical runic combinations.

A magical scroll that can be used indefinitely, as long as your body's magic allows.

So while she doesn't have the superpower of no-casting, she has gained an ability that rivals Redina's.

-currr

It wasn't over yet. Herriot reached for the acrid smoke rising from the collapsed stadium.

Blue lines of energy are etched into Herriot's right arm in the form of runes. The greater the scale of the magic, the greater the magnitude of the power lines that color his entire body.

Herriot now had runes glowing all over his right arm, upper and lower.

-currrrr

Magic that is reorganized into runes and triggered.

Thunder.

We'll end with a thunderbolt, not a lightning strike. Sudden darkness descends upon the otherwise clear sky, and the people begin to shout.

-Flash!

A flash of light struck the stadium.

-Crunch!

Soon after, a massive roar shook the stadium as the thunderbolt inflated the air.

In the places where the blows hit, there was silence for a while.

"......."

"ha......."

A moment later, she smiled at Olivia as she emerged from the rubble.

I didn't win or lose, but I was confident that I'd already hit the nail on the head.

Olivia Ranze emerged from the rubble of the collapsed stadium.

"Is this....... I'm really pissed at......?"

Herriot may have gotten the better of her, but that doesn't change the fact that Olivia Lanchester is a monster.

He survived a Flame Strike and a Thunderbolt with his bare body. Flame Strike is a large-scale destructive spell, while Thunderbolt is a small-range but powerful anti-personnel attack.

But Olivia survived both.

The audience was in awe that such high-level destructive magic could be cast, even at the unlimited level, and that there was an opponent who could withstand it.

The smile faded from Olivia's face.

As if the fun were over.

Herriot's right and left arms, which are hidden by his sleeves, begin to draw power lines once again.

The stadium collapsed, and over-the-counter became meaningless.

Herriot will lose if she allows just one attack, and Olivia Lance will lose if that ironclad barrier of enchantment is removed.

The playing field itself is in Herriot's favor.

For Olivia Ranze, who needs to get close, the collapsed and bumpy ground is a tough place to move.

But Olivia is immune to such mundane standards.

Olivia leaps off the ground like a bird and approaches without losing her footing.

Of course, Herriot, who has done the unprecedented thing of imprinting magic on his own flesh, is not by ordinary standards.

Herriot is the point from which Olivia leaps.

Cast a spell, facing the arena floor debris where you will land next.

Casting is a simple telekinesis.

-Puck!

With a dull thud, the rocks on the ground Olivia was supposed to be stepping on suddenly bounced to the right.

"!"

Suddenly, your foothold is gone, so to speak.

-Kwadang!

"Yuck!"

Olivia stumbled to the ground and went from bad to worse.

In the heat of battle, the last thing you want is to stumble and go off the rails.

However, Olivia falls forward in such a ridiculous way that it makes for a rather hilarious situation.

"......pub."

And Herriot, who had created the spectacle, laughed at Olivia for not casting an offensive spell.

"Wow....... Wow really......."

Olivia staggers to her feet and turns to look at Harriet, who has a sneer on her face.

Oops.

I never thought I would be laughed at like this.

For a kid like that.

Only.

I didn't think a wizard would do this to me.

"Really."

"Dog."

"Pissed off at......?"

A dark fire burns in Olivia's heart.

The tendons in the nape of her neck and forehead stand out, and Olivia Ranze grits her teeth and approaches Herriot once again, this time calmly. This time, the same trick didn't work. That was an unexpected attack.

Just being careful isn't enough to stop you from poking holes.

Olivia lunged at him, stabbing him in the back, and Herriot disappeared in a short spatial shift.

But just as he finished moving. Herriot found himself facing a crashing boulder.

Late.

You don't even have a second to cast.

-shhhh!

He dodged it not because of his quick reflexes, but purely because the trajectory of the flying rock missed him.

The velocity of the flying rock was such that if a normal person had been hit, their head would have been crushed to death.

"This doesn't fit."

Olivia's mouth watered with regret.

I knew that if I got too close, he'd spacewalk away for a short distance, so the rock was aimed at the moment he spacewalked away.

Luckily, it was far enough away that it didn't hit.

A chill ran down Herriot's spine.

Your opponent is learning to deal with the same pattern of attacks, loopholes, and avoidance behaviors.

That moment of spatial movement, the short gap between arrival and departure.

In the heat of the moment, your opponent might snipe at you with a rock.

Next time, you won't miss.

This is the last time.

You don't have much horsepower left anyway. You've already used a lot of powerful magic.

"You're starting to look like you're running out of steam, aren't you?"

And Olivia knew that Herriot was feeling it.

-Thump!

Watching Olivia advance, Herriot opted to use a terrain feature rather than an offensive spell.

Use telekinesis to lift and throw debris from the arena.

-Bang! Quack!

Olivia pushed forward, smashing through the rocky debris head-on.

Ellen at least smashed through the wall and cut through the door with her new sword called Ramen.

Olivia Lanze was doing it with her bare body. Throwing stadium debris at the ever-approaching Olivia can only go so far.

But as if it's the only way to go, Herriot throws up a pile of stadium debris, which Olivia crushes as she advances.

So, it's no surprise that the macabre dirt spiked.

Olivia gritted her teeth as she reached Herriot's nose, only to see Herriot slip away with another blink.

"Sucks."

Olivia guessed this was Herriot's intention as she watched the dirt block her view.

This makes it impossible to see which way the opponent has moved. It was so dusty that the audience couldn't see what was going on.

"Whoa......."

In an instant, the blue magic in Olivia's body suddenly exploded.

-Quack!

It's what Savior Tana did when she fought Charlotte the Dark One.

A magical shockwave exploded, blowing away the dirt that had been scattered.

Olivia blew the dust away like she was clearing a fog, and watched as Herriot appeared on the other side of her again.

The stadium was now beyond a mess and had disappeared.

"Nothing more to throw?"

From Olivia's perspective, Herriot's spatial movement seemed daunting, and he'd been using his telekinetic powers to throw large pieces of debris.

But Olivia smashed all the rock-sized pieces.

All that's left are the stones.

Gone are the days of short-range spatial travel and shallow, dirt-stirring escapes.

At this point, you've spent too much time with the little wizard.

"You don't have to throw it anymore."

But Herriot was smiling.

"I threw them all away."

"......what?"

I can't believe I threw it all away.

What the hell?

Suddenly, Olivia realized that despite her magical shockwave, there were stones all around her.

These rocks should have been pushed back by the shockwave, but they stayed put.

Olivia sees.

In the scattered shards, the bits and pieces of stone.

Although we don't know the details.

Anything found in the form of those fragments.

Eerie regularity.

"I've used up most of my magic, but I don't have to use my magic to do this."

Herriot threw the shard.

And he was arranging the scattering shards so Olivia wouldn't notice.

How to use Nature's Mana.

Reinhardt tried to get him to figure it out, but he still can't.

But there is a way to use natural mana in the first place.

In the form of a magic circle.

Magic circles are used for all sorts of things, but large-scale circles use mana from magic stones, but are essentially mana draws from nature.

In this short span of time, Herriot did the unthinkable: he set up a magic circle in the arena.

-Woof

"Holy......!"

Olivia watched, dumbfounded, as the magic circle, already set up over an area too large to escape, began to react.

"I win."

With a smile from Herriot.

Herriot's magic circle glows blue and takes on the form of a complete djinn.





The magic happens.

Inferno.

A fire-based destructive spell that ranks above Flame Strike.

It's too broad a spell to avoid.

Olivia has a hunch.

This is, well, screwed.

Olivia cried out in frustration as she watched the flames begin to rise at her feet.

"You'll see......! You'll see!"

"The wait and see is the scariest part!"

It was too juvenile for a conversation at the end of a long, intense fight.

-Crunch!

A roaring inferno engulfed Olivia and shot skyward.

Olivia couldn't resist the magic this time.

-He, Herriot de Saint-Ouen, takes the second set!

The audience stared in disbelief as the eerie flames licked at the sky like a snake's tongue.



* * *



Herriot was unfamiliar with fighting, but he knew what was important in a fight.

Hide your information as much as possible.

Herriot hid his tricks well. He hid as much of what he could do as he could, and then let it slip away. By making it seem like throwing shards was all he had left, he hid his true intentions of setting up a massive magic circle on the ground.

But in the end, it's a mixed blessing.

Olivia looked down on Herriot too much, and Herriot took advantage of the trick.

Plus, of course, Olivia didn't use her holy power until the end. If she had, she could have survived the final Herriot attack.

In the end, Olivia outplayed her opponent with a lot of constraints.

Regardless of the outcome, the excitement in the crowd was palpable as the most spectacular fight of the tournament so far took place.

The set score is 1:1.

Olivia won't let her guard down now.

Herriot and Olivia have been summoned to the arena that was restored by the Restore spell.

Olivia glared at Harriet like she was going to eat her at any moment.

I will not be caught off guard, I will not be fooled, and I will not be tricked anymore.

So, looking at Olivia waiting for the match to start, Harriet threw up her hands.

"I'll abstain."

Not surprisingly, Olivia's complexion turned white.

"You, you, you, you, don't do it, don't abstain!"

"I'm tired, I can't do more."

Not having enough horsepower is not an excuse.

In Reinhardt's case, he was unable to recover from the effects of his enchantments, but his normal energy depletion could be addressed by a standby mage with a replenishment spell called Siphon Mana.

Declaring a pointless abstention.

-Get....... Well. Due to the withdrawal of Herriot de Saint-Ouen, Olivia Lanche is the winner of Group C of the main draw....... has been determined.

Of course, you can't force a player to fight more if they don't want to.

"Don't abstain! You! I said don't!"

Even when Olivia huffed and puffed, Harriet wasn't in the mood for more fighting.

Harriet can't beat Olivia.

"Yeah, one more set, one more set, and if you win the next set, you win, and I'll quit!"

"No. Why would I want to do that? I can't even fight you."

"Aaaahhhh!"

Her goal was never to beat Olivia, but to make her impossible to ignore.

Herriot succeeded in doing just that.





Episode 312.





Group C is over.

As such, neither Olivia, who advanced to tomorrow's tournament semifinals, nor Herriot, who was eliminated, had any business at the tournament site.

"You, you're such a bad girl, you're such a bad girl, you know you're a bad girl, right?"

"Only for my sister."

"That, that's......! That, but you're bad too!"

Olivia blushed bright red and followed Harriet inexorably. Olivia didn't win, she was defeated.

So I felt like I lost even though I won. No, I lost more because I won.

Harriet says, glancing at Olivia, who is giggling beside her as she follows.

"Shut up, the game is over, don't bother me, go on your way."

"......You! I'll get my revenge! You'll see!"

Olivia said something that sounded like a loser's excuse for a winning topic, then stormed out of the tournament.

Harriet smiled at the back of Olivia's head.

Still a bit.

I thought I was being self-controlled.

It looks like he's pissed off to the max, but when he's on the field, he's killing it, and now that he's out of the game, he's not touching a hair on his head.

If you're that upset, you might lose your cool and try to hurt yourself.

He ran away because he didn't think he could stand the minutes.

I'm sure he's a man of his word, but the way he's acting makes me think he's not at all.

'He's a weirdo.......'

For better or worse, Harriet still wasn't sure about Olivia Ranze.

Of course, you don't know if they're good or bad, but you know they're unpleasant.

We exited the main stadium. There was a crowd of first-year Royal Class students.

Reinhardt exclaimed.

"Bam, you did it, man!"

I lost.

Everyone was looking like they had won.

"I was believing?"

"......You didn't believe me the first time."

"Gah, hmm. Hmm. Hmmm!"

Reinhardt's excited shout made Ellen and the rest of the class stare at him.

Herriot knew Reinhardt was fidgeting with anxiety.

Everybody rallied around Herriot and said it was amazing. They said it was amazing.

Even if I didn't use my divine powers, even if Olivia was looking down on me, winning a set was huge.

The students weren't the only ones to welcome Herriot, of course.

"Baby!"

"Uh, uh, mom......."

Mrs. St. Thuan hugged Herriot fiercely. She knew her parents were in the audience, and she knew they would come for her, so she wasn't too upset.

But calling her a baby in front of everyone made her blush.

"That was great, sweetie. Are you hurt anywhere?"

"Oh, don't call me baby......."

Parents were there, and the students were sneaking off to watch.

Knowing that you're being treated like this at home makes the situation even more unbearable.

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan watched with a pleased expression on his face. He could see that his daughter, who had come a long way, was overwhelmed with pride.

Mrs. Saint-Antoine, who had spent a long time telling him he was fine and that he'd done a great job, held him in her arms and stared at him.

"But....... Mr. Reinhardt?"

"......Oh, yeah, it's been a while!"

Everyone was surprised that Mrs. Saint-Hatien knew Reinhardt.

Long time no see?

Where and why would Reinhardt have any business seeing Harriet's mother in person?

And Reinhardt was frozen, his complexion white as a sheet.

"If I'm not mistaken,....... I think it's my baby who you're calling paktong......."

Reinhardt's white complexion turned almost green with the words.

Madame St. Thuan looks at Reinhardt with a kind and gentle smile.

"Is that right?"

"That, that....... That, that. That. That said......."

"Yes, that's right."

The answer came from neither Herriot nor Reinhardt, but from Ellen.

Reinhard froze and looked at Ellen.

Are you going to kill me?

Ellen's stare only served to distract her.

Ellen looked as if she'd had enough.

Mrs. St. Thuan's smile deepened. But it was an eerie smile, as if a thousand blades were lurking within it.

"Mr. Reinhardt, can we talk for a minute?"

"That, that. That's, that's, that's the story......."

-chuck

Then the Grand Duke of St. Thuan, who had been watching the proceedings with amusement, stepped forward and placed his hand on Reinhardt's shoulder.

"This is the kind of story that makes me want to call my daughter Paxton."

Archduke Saint-Thuan's face hardened into a grim line.

"Oh, that must be a great story, yeah."

It must be a great story, the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan was saying with his eyes.

"Kill me."

Reinhardt eventually paid up.



* * *



I wasn't beaten back.

But when Mrs. Saint-Antoine patted me on the shoulder, saying she had no idea our daughter had such a cute nickname, I realized that a knife to the throat would be less creepy than that.

Herriot was stunned.

It would be weird to defend me or not defend me.

Yes.

I can't help but think that I'm now retroactively paying the price for teasing the daughter of an archduke and the princess of a country as a paktong.

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan did not say that if he ever called my daughter that again, he would kill her.

They just look at me with a cold stare.

It was even scarier when he didn't say anything.

"Lift."

"Oh, that. Yeah."

But.......

What am I doing here?

A restaurant inside a temple.

I was sitting with the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan and his family. The Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan exchanged a few words with Charlotte and Saviolin Tana, whom he was obviously familiar with, and then came over to dine with his daughter.

And.

Before I knew it, I was there.

I'm not trying to follow you.

I didn't ask you to follow me.

It's just that Mrs. St. Thuan naturally dragged me along. She didn't ask me to go out to eat, she just asked me to talk to her slowly on the way, and we ended up at the restaurant.

What is this?

What's going on?

Herriot was equally puzzled.

Why is she sitting here? No, why did mom bring him here?

He had that look on his face.

Feeling possessed by something, the menu came out and me and Harriet idly teased our forks and knives.

Don't say anything, don't ask any questions.

I feel like if I say the wrong thing, there's no turning back.

What it is.

Alone in Arnaria, meeting Harriet's parents, and now sitting here with them.

Even though Harriet and I are engaged to be married, isn't this a reversal of the order?

"Sweetie, when are you going to be able to do that again?"

"Yeah, I was wondering how that works."

Fortunately, neither Madame Saint-Antoine nor the Grand Duke seemed to have any spare time for my side of the story, and indeed neither did I.

The second set against Olivia. Her performance there was way beyond what I expected.

"Uhhh....... So I didn't give it a name, but I guess you could call it scroll magic applied to the human body."

Herriot rolled up his right sleeve. I didn't see any tattoos.

But as she concentrated, blue lines of energy began to form on her arms, taking the shape of letters.

Archduke Saint-Thuan looked at the complex string and nodded in understanding.

"It's a Rune."

"Yes."

"You mean you've translated modern magic into runes?"

"Yes."

Only the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan could truly know how difficult that would be, and so he stared blankly at his daughter's nonchalant yes.

Even though she was his daughter, he was clearly surprised that she had done such a ridiculous thing.

Herriot smiled subtly.

"I didn't do it alone, I had a lot of help from the Magical Research Society, and the idea came from another kid."

"If you're a magical researcher......."

Harriet looks in my direction.

"Yeah, the one he said we should make."

The words drew the gazes of Madame St. Thuan and the Grand Duke to me.

Your daughter has been raving about how she's going to do wonders for the world in her magical research.

It wasn't the way he wanted it to be, but Heriot had already done something outrageous. In collaboration with members of the Society for the Study of Magic.

In the end, I was right.

Archduke St. Thuan and Herriot discussed their new magic for a while.

Most of the time, I couldn't understand it at all. But I knew what it felt like because Louis told me.

You've turned your body into a living, breathing magic circle.

I couldn't figure out how to actually use magic and what making your body function as a circle of magic had to do with being able to reduce your casting speed so drastically.

"My daughter, this will be the only system of magic in the world that you will ever use. For an ordinary wizard, the act of translating modern magic into runes, memorizing all of it, and recalling it when needed would take much longer than the traditional casting method. While this method eliminates the manipulation of magic from the casting process, it does make the computational process longer."

"......Yes, I guess so."

In the end, it's just a case of hitting the nail on the head. It would be a disservice to the average wizard to use this method.

Increase the formula and skip the step of actually running the horsepower.

For Heriot, it's a way to use magic on the fly, but for other mages, it's a waste of time.

Anyway, I called him a genius, but he's a real genius and he's done something that's only possible because he's a genius.......

For what it's worth.

Hmmm.

I'm pretty sure I could lose to Ellen.

If I'm confident I can fight him, why shouldn't I?

"Why do you have the same face as your dad and mom? Gee, it's offensive......."

I'm pretty sure I and Archduke Saint-Antoine were making similar faces the whole time, and Herriot's expression turned sour.

Madame St. Thuan, the Archduke, and I.

Apparently, the three of them are feeling pretty much the same way right now.



* * *



"How's it going, you're not choking or anything?"

"It's okay."

"......I have to hold my breath to wear something like this, and you don't even have that, and honestly, it's not fair, is it?"

Riana tried the dress on Ellen and stuck her tongue out at how easy it was to get pregnant and how nonchalant Ellen was in the tight garment.

The Miss Temple contest is right around the corner. It is the main event of the festival, along with the finals of the unlimited weight tournament.

So Ellen and Riana were doing one last check, and Riana was busy running back and forth between Ellen's room and Cliff's room.

So the busiest person at the festival was Riana.

Reinhardt's tournament is over, and so is Herriot's Unlimited.

Now, only Ellen and Cliff are left of the first year Royal Class to do anything. Looking at Ellen in the mirror, Riana touched her cheek.

"Straighten up. Is something wrong?"

"No, not really."

Ellen sees her expression in the mirror.

I don't think I look like I'm in a bad mood, even though I don't feel like I'm doing anything out of the ordinary. Ellen tried to force a smile, but it didn't work.

Smiling naturally is hard for you, so when you force yourself to smile, you end up with a weird expression. I wouldn't say it's ugly, but it's definitely not a smiling face.

But right now, I was having a harder time smiling than usual.

I couldn't stop thinking about Reinhardt today.

'ha.......'

'Ehh.......'

"Ma, aren't you worried?

'What if we lose ....... What if we lose, huh? No, losing is losing, but what if we lose badly?

"Don't you look like you're shaking!

'Okay! I'm not dropping! I'm not dropping!

"You shivered again? When?

The one who couldn't sit still for a second and sighed heavily with anxiety.

'Wow. That. What. No. What is that? That.'

"What the hell, what's going on?

'Come on, look, he did it!

"I was counting on it!

Reinhardt jumped for joy when he realized that Herriot was strong enough that he didn't have to worry.

I could tell he was genuinely concerned about her and was rooting for her.

Ellen was surprised, too, because even though she abstained, she still managed to give Olivia a run for her money.

If I were in that position, I wonder if I could have done as much as Herriot.

Probably not, Ellen thought.

Well, if I were in that position.

I wonder if Reinhard would worry about me like he does today.

I wonder if he would have cheered me on like he did today.

Maybe, I thought, I'd be worried, but not to the extent that I was fidgeting like I was today.

Reinhard doesn't like Herriot. Normally, he'd be worried about a subject like this.

You're good at what you do, so I wouldn't worry too much about it.

If you lose, I'm sure you'll be able to figure it out on your own.

She is more concerned and interested in Reinhardt than she is in Harriet. Seeing Reinhardt like this, Ellen had to admit that uncomfortable feelings were already building inside her.

Jealousy.

You're jealous of Herriot.

So, I couldn't get the biggest question of the day out of my head, the one that felt like a stone in my heart.

"Long time no see!

Reinhard seems to be acquainted with Herriot's parents. So does Archduke St. Thuan, and so does Madame St. Thuan.

Apparently, Herriot already knew that, because he didn't seem surprised at all.

How?

No, not how, but why?

Why was Reinhardt meeting with Harriet's parents?

Did you ever get together with Herriot, and why, and Reinhardt, and why.

You haven't told yourself that it's happened before, have you?

No, there's no reason for Reinhardt to tell himself that.

But.

Still.

I realize there's a lot I don't know about Reinhardt.

I don't want to know about this.

I don't want to find out this way.

Of course, you're not the only one with questions.

"By the way, it's a bit odd that the Archduke and Archduchess know Reinhardt."

Riana said it in passing as she smoothed Ellen's clothes and matched her accessories.

Everyone was surprised to see Reinhardt being grabbed and dragged by the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan in front of the stadium.

"You never know."

"Is that so?"

Ellen said she was the one who was most curious about why.

At some point, you start lying. Pretending not to be curious about something, pretending to be okay with something when you're not.

Ellen hated the way she was changing, little by little. Lying, hiding her feelings.

"But is Reinhardt close enough to the Archduke to even dine with him?"

"......."

Ellen gritted her teeth at Riana's words.

If he didn't, his face would be distorted in the mirror.

It's hard to smile.

Ellen managed to keep a straight face.

"I think that's it. I'll just go check on Cliff. He probably doesn't even know how to get dressed."

"Yes."

Only after Riana had left her room did Ellen relax her grip on her molars.

Ellen looks in the mirror.

She saw herself in a colorful dress, her shoulders bare, her necklace, earrings, bracelets, and other flashy accessories.

Not bad.

I think so myself, but Riana kept telling me that it would be weird for you to be this good and not be Miss Temple, and so on.

Let go of useless thoughts, jealousy, inferiority complexes, and doubts.

Because you're not doing yourself any favors.

Ellen didn't wonder about anything else.

If you see yourself dressed like this, you can imagine what Reinhardt would say and how he would look.

I'm just curious about that.

I'm a little surprised myself, but I'm sure Reinhardt would be, and I believe he would be.

I'm both terrified and a little excited to see what Reinhardt has to say after that.

Inside her room, away from Riana, Ellen looked in the mirror and tried to force a smile.

It still didn't work out, but it's possible to try.

I figured that alone might make me laugh at some point.

Ellen practiced smiling at herself in the mirror.



* * *



"......."

Olivia Ranze was lying on her bed in her room.

Olivia may have won Group C of the main draw today, but we all know she was pretty dirty.

Olivia Ranze, A-0, 5th grade.

With a few exceptions, Olivia is still kind and gentle to everyone. She hasn't changed much.

But I knew Olivia would be a little sensitive today, so I didn't have any of her classmates come over to say congratulations to her, even though they're her younger siblings.

So, now Olivia was alone.

Lying on her back, Olivia stares blankly up at the ceiling of her dorm room.

Assuming he was using holy power, he could somehow survive the final magical attack.

No, we wouldn't have gotten there in the first place.

Divine magic isn't just about healing and protection.

In addition to that.

Olivia raises her hand and sees black smoke rising from it.

Corrupted Holy Power.

Olivia can use that too.

If there was a tiata there.

I wouldn't have been humiliated by a kid like that.

You lost because you won.

I'll never forget the look on her face as she declared her abstention.

He knew exactly what his victory would look like, complete with a disqualification.

You may have won, but you've lost.

You dropped a set that you should have won, and you won.

So, it's a lost cause.

Even if you win the tournament, it doesn't change the fact that you lost to Herriot.

There's no point in thinking about it. "What if?" and "What if?" are meaningless.

I lost to Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

That's all that remains.

You feel demoralized, but you can't shake it off.

After all, it wasn't about beating them up or beating them.

I need money.

Money.

If you win the tournament and are crowned Miss Temple, you will receive a cash prize.

That's the goal, so let's just focus on that. The tournament semifinal and final opponents won't be so easy.

And Miss Temple needs to get ready.

Olivia sobbed out of bed and opened her closet.

I sold everything but what I needed, so my wardrobe consisted of nothing but school uniforms and normal everyday clothes.

'I wish I had at least the dress I wore to the benefit.......'

I sold my things to help others. I sold all the dresses and jewelry that my foster parents had bought me and that I wore to various events.

There's no reason to do that.

I can't think of another reason not to.

I don't think my true needs are met by things.

Olivia did just that.

"Haha......."

So, Olivia stared at her closet, which was devoid of anything other than her school uniform.



* * *



The Grand Duke and Duchess of St. Thuan dined that day and didn't return until evening. The Grand Duke is a busy man in many ways, and it's clear that he's been forced to take time off due to Herriot's tournament appearance today.

"Well."

After seeing off the Grand Duke and Duchess, Harriet said.

"What did you say ......, I didn't say anything?"

"It's time to say something, now, what are you going to say, say it early!"

You've been holding your tongue in front of the Grand Duke and Duchess, and now it's time to spit it out. Herriot's face is bright red.

"Uh, uh, uh, uh....... My mom is going to make fun of me for just calling her that...ah......."

His lips were pursed as he spoke, like, "You're such an asshole." Does he think I'm going to argue with him?

"What's the point of teasing, you're a kid."

"You're making fun of me again!"

I haven't had a good reaction in a long time.

You're going to make fun of me even if you don't want to, and you're not going to be able to stop yourself!

"Hey, come on. I'm sure you could have done it without me."

"I don't do it, I don't do it, I don't do it at home!"

Herriot's face flushed bright red and he snarled, "No, you certainly wouldn't, I know that, but you're far too susceptible to demagoguery and fabrication.

But I'm already a kid, stomping my feet in frustration.

It's funny how you get stronger, but your mind stays the same.

"What did I say?"

"I don't do that! Why would I do that at my age!"

......what.

Why is it so cute when a seventeen-year-old says, "At this age?

It's a real flirtation!



If I pushed him any further, he'd probably do something magical, so I restrained myself, but sometimes you have to play it safe.

On the way back to the Royal Class dorm.

The crowds were still there. It would only get more crowded by Friday.

Today's Group C final of the Unlimited tournament must have been quite the talk of the town. It was a fight like no other, even for me.

A first grader who spins magic at near-instant speed.

A fifth grader taking it all in and charging like a tank.

It was crazy because it took me away from everything else.

"But....... Is that weird?"

Herriot walked still, then muttered to himself.

"What's weird?"

"My mom calling me that. It's weird....... don't you think?"

What is.

Was she still thinking about it? She seemed genuinely ashamed of it. Well, maybe it's a problem for him.

Neither the Grand Duke nor the Grand Duchess of Saint-Thuan will continue to treat Harriet like a child.

But maybe that's just the way it is.

Looking at the embarrassed Harriet, I smirked.

"Why is it strange for parents to love their children?"

"......."

The Grand Duke, who acts stern and stern, but oozes love for his daughter.

The Grand Duchess continues to hug Harriet, not wanting to let her out of her arms.

I don't think Harriet liked the look of it, but I did.

Why I had to watch that spectacle from start to finish is a mystery.

"Of course, it's mostly assholes who come out of that environment, right?"

"You, what are you trying to say!"

"You're not exactly a dick, are you?"

It's clear that he was raised in the wrong place at the wrong time, but it's not a sin for a parent to love their child, and Herriot may have been in the original, but he's not now.

"If you think about it, the words are good, but why are you always like that, asshole? I, I've never heard such, such, such words in my life!"

Needless to say, he was not amused.

I think it's kind of funny that you're saying this because your parents are good people and you've had a good upbringing.

I wonder if I have some kind of disease that prevents me from being able to say nice things straight out of my mouth.

But when he gets all red and pouty, you can't stop watching him?

With that, we head back to our royal class dorm.

It's winter.

It was nighttime.

So, it was cold.

"It's cold."

"It's winter, silly, of course it's cold."

"Do I have to be called an idiot for saying "cold"?"

"I don't know about anyone else, but that's not something you should be saying, especially to me, after all the times you've teased me about this nonsense!"

Herriot starts up again. No, but this time you started it first.

The weather felt particularly cold today. It's the middle of winter, it's nighttime, and we're dressed very lightly. Herriot and I were both breathing white.

How much colder is it going to get?

Of course, we're not at the poles, and the weather isn't going to be that harsh.

Come to think of it, magic is God, right?

Just because it's cold doesn't mean it has to be cold.

I nudged Herriot, who was walking still beside me.

"Hey, it's cold."

"......what."

"It's cold."

"Whatever."

"Do something."

"Why would I?"

Harriet glares at me, demanding I come up with something.

Even on the desert island, Herriot summoned a heating sphere and put it in the kids' tent.

It's a spirit, it's Nabal, it's magic. Herriot pouted at my demand that she come up with something, then closed her eyes softly.

I thought you were going to summon the fever spheres from the desert island.





"......."

Herriot suddenly grabbed my hand.

He couldn't even look at me, his head hung low.

No.

This.

When I first awoke from my enchantment and asked to be put to bed because I was so sick, Herriot didn't perform a sleep spell, but instead sang me a lullaby.

When I realized it was a misunderstanding, I wondered if it was really dead.

Am I asking for magic and I'm getting it all wrong again?

"No, dude....... It's not this, it's magic......."

"I know."

The words made my head spin.

"I....... I'm not that stupid......."

His voice trembled so hard it sounded like it might break at any moment.

I took his hand, even though I knew he was asking for magic.

Her head down, she takes my hand and leads the way.

I wasn't gripping it too hard. I can't squeeze harder, and I can't let go. I let Harriet take my hand and lead the way.

"Hey, how was your day?"

Herriot asked.

"It was the best."

I said, sincerely, without pretense.

"......."

"......."

We didn't have any further conversation.

No words, just walking.

The dorm was quite a distance away, requiring a tram ride back.

However, Herriot walked right past the tram stop and kept walking.

As if I wanted to walk like this forever.

It's like you're hoping the place you need to go back to doesn't show up.





Episode 313.





Putting on a dress and applying makeup to get ready for Miss Temple isn't something you can do all day.

After taking off her dress and removing her makeup, Ellen took a shower.

Riana didn't just go over the dress code and makeup, she also had me practice my facial expressions. She says you have to be prepared.

It didn't seem like she had done much, but the unfamiliarity of it all made Ellen feel very tired now. Both physically and mentally.

That didn't mean I didn't like it.

I realized that I was discovering a completely different version of myself that I didn't even know I had, so I looked in the mirror and thought, "Is this me?" dozens of times a day.

Ellen dried all of her hair and laid back down on her bed.

Tomorrow is the start of the Miss Temple contest.

-curl

Ellen narrowed her eyes at the rumbling in her stomach.

Normally, it's time for a late-night snack with Reinhard. Ellen thinks of Riana's firm caution.

"You, don't pick up anything tonight.

"......Why?

"I know you're not gaining weight, but what if you eat something the night before and your face is puffy the next day?

"......I'm not sure.

"If you're not going to eat it anyway, don't eat it. Maybe another day, but not today.

"......Yes.

I'm not saying starve yourself, I'm saying don't eat late at night, but you can do that. I can handle it for a day.

But routines are scary.

-cough

"......."

When you don't eat at the time you usually eat something, and your body is telling you that you shouldn't.

What's more, when someone tells you not to do something, it makes you want to do it even more.

I've gone to bed without eating a midnight snack quite a few times, and now I'm even hungrier because I know I shouldn't be eating today.

Normally, Ellen is very self-controlled. But even when she does eat, she tends not to gain weight due to her physical activity and constitution, and there is always plenty of food in the Royal Class dormitory. She even stuck with Reinhardt, who would do anything for her.

Ellen realizes that she has rarely been able to resist eating lately.

Still, I must do better tomorrow. I can't keep my hunger down this long.

I'm trying to force myself to fall asleep, but I can't.

Maybe it was the moonlight streaming through the window. Ellen scrambled out of bed to draw the curtains.

And.

Holding the curtains closed, Ellen could see the street outside her dorm.

In the dark, under the moonlight.

You see two familiar faces.

Reinhard and Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

They were walking, hand in hand.

"......."

Ellen stays still, watching the scene from inside her room.

Harriet walking beside Reinhardt with her head down in shame, and Reinhardt walking beside her, holding her hand slightly.

Ellen watched the spectacle, frozen in place.

Hold hands.

What a special act that is.

I've held her hand as many times as I can, and I've hugged her as many times as I can.

I've done it myself. I've been friends with Reinhard for as long as I can remember.

So, it falls into the category of things that friends do, and that's how it should be understood.

You have to understand that it's perfectly acceptable.

But.

Ellen can't take her eyes off their clasped hands.

Already.

Was it taken away?

No.

A long time ago.

It's an illusion to think that there's something that only you can reach.



"Long time no see!



Actually, already.

A long time ago.

Is that what happened?

Why are those two.

Substitution.

A hand is something you can hold.

It's a hand I've held many times myself.

I thought it was my privilege to be able to touch Reinhardt, so when I saw that he and Harriet were merely holding hands.

My heart is like, why is this.

Is it precariously close to breaking.



'Me, me, you know....... Really, really....... sometimes.'

'I think you're really, really mean.......'



Something Herriot had said once echoed in Ellen's head.

Ellen suddenly realizes that Harriet has always felt this way.

In a place you don't know. Watching from afar as they create stories and memories you don't know.

You've created a relationship that you can't break.

You have to watch it, and you can't do anything about it.

So this is what it feels like.

You feel betrayed, you don't know what to do, you're angry, you're upset, and you're frustrated.

Herriot summarized this feeling in one word: cheesy.

I don't think that's the best way to put it.

Ellen sees them walking back to the dorm.

It may be too late.

She's doing what she has to do. There is no need or reason to hate her. To hate that, Ellen would have to have been hated by Herriot long ago.

Ellen tries to convince herself that Harriet is doing her own thing, and that she doesn't have to hate her for it.

So, you do what you need to do.

You just have to be good tomorrow. If Reinhardt sees himself tomorrow, he might be a little different than he is today.

We'll talk about this and that, and maybe we'll do things a little differently.

That's it.

Today is today, and tomorrow is tomorrow.

Ellen squeezed her eyes shut, trying to erase the lingering images of the two of them from her mind.



* * *



That night.

I swung my sword in the smoke screen.

No Cliffhanger, no Ellen. So I banged on the scarecrow for the first time in a while. I could have asked Tana, the violinist, to teach me, but it was getting late, and I knew I wouldn't be able to get to bed on time if she did.

So, I swung my water sword at the scarecrow.

-Puck!

"......itis."

Your water sword is broken.

I don't think I've ever been that into swords as much as I am into trance.

What it is.

I forgot the time.

I was already well past my standard bedtime. It was time to call it a night, even with Saviolin Tana's lessons.

My whole body was drenched in sweat.

I gathered up the remains of my broken water lily sword and tossed it into the trash, then opened the window to the smokehouse.

A stinging cold breeze brushed against my cheeks and sweaty clothes.

Me Now.

Apparently, you're upset.

What should I do?

I couldn't figure it out.

It was well past my bedtime, and I knew I'd break it again if I tried to swing it, so I decided to get cleaned up and get some sleep.

I thought about doing something, but I didn't feel like doing anything by myself without Ellen.

"Uh."

I walked down the hallway and bumped into someone. He looked at me and scratched his head.

It wasn't anyone else who ran into me, but Bertus.

Aren't you busy managing your horsepower train? What's going on in the dorms at this hour?

"What, you're not going to bed until this time?"

Bertus said what I would have said.

"Some from the haze."

"...... Training late at night on a festival. That's amazing."

Bertus smirked.

"What about you?"

"Oh....... I've been working a bit, and now I'm going to take a break."

The festivities aren't over yet, are we done with the Zodiacal Horsepower Train?

Whether it was the vigil or too much work, Bertus had dark circles under his eyes. You shouldn't be praising me for training during the festival, shouldn't you? You're more uptight than usual.

"Oh, I heard you won the tournament. Congratulations."

"Uh....... Yeah."

Bertus patted me on the shoulder and walked toward his room. If the fatigue on his iron mask was any indication, he'd had a rough couple days.

He was about to go on his way, but then he looked back in my direction as if he suddenly remembered something.

"Oh....... Wait a minute."

"Uh....... Why?"

A cold sweat breaks out all over my body.

All the others passed with flying colors.

This one is not yet.

This is the first time he's seen me since he saw me cross-dressing.

Bertus narrows his eyes and glares at me.

No?

You're not recognizing me, are you? Honestly, I mean, we've met face-to-face, but it's been a quick glance.

"Hmmm......."

Bertus stared at me, frowning, and then shook his head.

"No, you look a little tired."

Bertus made a spine-chilling noise and went back into his room.



* * *



Entering his dormitory room, Bertus dragged his heavy body through the water, bathed, and flopped down on his bed.

Manage the operation of horsepower trains during festivals.

I didn't think it was a big deal. The Horse Train is the most important mode of transportation on the Yellow Road, and even at this time of year, riders come from all continents.

Goro.

Some people have never seen or heard of a horsepower train in their lives.

Children cry because they see a monster running, and adults run away in a panic.

This one's for you.

Even in the far corners of the continent, there is such a thing as status.

If you're willing to travel all the way to the ecliptic to see the temple festival, you've got the money to pay for the warp gate.

That's why, in general, those who are more retarded in their own region come to the ecliptic.

Not to mention, there's a whole bunch of people who want to know why there's no noble carriage on the magic train. There are plenty of people who ask how they can use the same transportation as commoners.

It's almost laughable to think of ants doing sequencing, but Bertus had to be good at it.

It was stressful trying to resolve every incident and mishap as smoothly as possible.

I didn't even get a chance to rest, so I went back to my dorm, thinking I'd call it a night.

Bertus's head is about to explode.

But when I looked at Reinhardt, something clicked.

You're too caught up in work to think about it, but you remember the girl you ran into last time.

The moment I saw Reinhardt, I immediately thought of that silver-haired girl.

Unforgettable.

Bertus can't get the look off his face for the rest of his life when he makes the ridiculous mistake of spewing black tea in the face of a woman he's never met before.

'Looks alike, apparently.

I thought maybe I was mistaken because I was tired, but after thinking about it, there's a definite resemblance.

Of course, you'd have to stand them up next to each other to get the full picture.

There's no doubt that the silver-haired girl and Reinhardt look a lot alike.

But Bertus's thinking takes a strange turn.

First.

Bertus is busy and unaware of the festivities. At best, he knows that Reinhardt won the first grade tournament.

So we don't know who the silver-haired girl is, and we don't know that she competed in the Temple pageant.

So, to Bertus, a silver-haired girl is just a silver-haired girl.

Two very different things.

But it's similar.

He even looks like he's got a bit of a mouth.

I was curious about the silver hair, so I asked her about it, and she said it was dyed.

And Reinhardt is from the streets.

"Does Reinhardt have a brother or sister?

It's entirely possible that Reinhardt didn't know he had blood relatives, even if he did.

Just ask Reinhardt.

Do you have a younger brother or sister?

Of course, you'll get a don't know or a yes or no answer, but Reinhardt will wonder why you're even asking.

"Well, maybe not, maybe not.

I'm just wondering if it's possible to have an unnecessary human resemblance.

Reinhardt would be pretty disappointed if you told him that you met someone you thought was your brother or sister, when it wasn't.

'Let's talk about it.......'

You don't even have to tell Reinhardt.

If it's true, it could lead Reinhardt to his lost blood relatives.

If not, it's just a matter of returning the handkerchief that wasn't returned.

Thinking it was nothing more than a frivolous task, Bertus slowly became immersed in Suma.





 314





Friday.

Today we have the Miss Temple contest and the finals of the unlimited weight tournament.

Olivia Ranze, who has to participate in both, will be very busy. The Royal Class first-years didn't seem to have much interest in an unlimited tournament starting with the quarterfinals now that their classmates aren't competing.

Ellen, Riana, and Kliffman were busy preparing for the contest.

However, Ellen saw me in the morning and just stared at me.

"Today......."

You know what to say.

"Why don't you go?"

"......Yes."

Ellen watched all of my tournament matches. Even if she didn't, there's no reason she can't go to the Miss Temple contest today.

I'm still not sure what to do about Mr. Temple, though I'm sure I could write a retrospective and make Cliffman Mr. Temple.

There's no reason I shouldn't go to the contest. Ellen looks at me hesitantly, then with a look of determination on her face.

"...... come on."

"Okay, be prepared."

"Yes."

When the contest is over, I wonder if I'll have anything to say.

He had that look on his face.

Ellen left with those words and went off somewhere with Riana to get ready.

While the others were off to their own festivities, I decided to go it alone during the day.

Without anyone present.

Now I'm going to watch the finals of an unlimited tournament, away from the attention of my classmates. I'm sure some of them will be there, but I'm going alone.

Olivia has a lot to be sorry for. She's always there for me, and she'd do anything for me, but she always puts me down. Yesterday, she even cheered for Harriet in public.

Just because you're a jack-of-all-trades doesn't mean you're a master of none.

I don't know if any of you guys are going to watch the finals separately, but I was going to watch the finals of an unlimited tournament without going with anyone.

Even if you start with the quarterfinals, there are only three matches left. So even if you didn't have to sit for very long to watch the final, it would be quite short.

-Wow!

The cheers from the crowd were incredible.

It doesn't change the fact that Herriot lost.

But just because the result was what I thought it would be doesn't mean the process was what I thought it would be.

Just as my tournament had its own twists and turns, the Unlimited tournament had some upsets.

Olivia has only dropped one set so far, and that was the one that Herriot took.

I was waiting for the game to start when I heard someone calling out to me from behind.

"Reinhard, you're here for the finals too, right?"

"Oh, Charlotte."

It was Charlotte.

Even if I was watching it alone, it was zoned so I was bound to run into someone if they came by.

Why would Charlotte need to watch the finals anyway?

The reasoning behind this was simple.

"I see you're here too?"

"Yeah."

Apparently, it's not Charlotte, it's Saviolin Tana who misses her. She can't leave Charlotte's side, but she wants to see the final.

Charlotte's not stupid, so she probably read Tana's mood and said, "Let's go watch the finals.

"If you want to go, I'll go. Why are you here alone?"

"Oh, just."

"Really?"

I figured I'd rather see it on my own than bring someone with me, but I wasn't going to move my seat just because I ran into it.

Naturally, Charlotte and Saviolin Tana sat next to me.

Charlotte looked around and crossed her arms.

"Hmmm."

"Why?"

"Huh? No......."

This neighborhood is reserved for VIP seats in the Royal Class.

That said, there are other VIP seats available.

Just now, Charlotte was looking at the VIP seats for dignitaries.

"Lord Bolton."

"Bollton?"

I shook my head, and Saviolin Tana looked at me.

"Didn't we say hello at the last fundraiser?"

"You mean at the fundraiser?"

I'm sure there's a name or two I've forgotten after saying hello at a sponsorship event. Bolton? Who's that?

"Hmm.

"Hey, you have a bad memory.

For a moment, I see that thought pass through Saviolin Tana's eyes.

"Sir Elayon Bolton, the current leader of the Crusader Knights."

"Ah."

Right.

You've heard the name before. Elayon Bolton, the new leader of the Crusader Knights after Leviathan Lance was deposed.

I didn't know who he was, and he didn't sponsor me, so I forgot about him.

Charlotte gave a subtle smile.

"I looked to see if it came yesterday, and it didn't, but it did today. Well, it's finals, after all."

"You don't think ...... would want to see Olivia win?"

"Well, ....... I'm not sure what Lord Bolton thinks, but it's a bit of a sight to behold."

How would the current leader of the Crusader Knights feel about seeing a potential next religious leader renounce his faith and win a tournament without divine power?

This can't be good. I remembered the name and recognized the face.

Not quite the same as Levereer Ranze, but just as stern and stubborn. He was dressed in robes, not knightly armor of course, and surrounded by an entourage of what appeared to be paladins, all of whom stood still and watched the action.

Saviolin Tana, who had been listening to us, shook her head.

"I don't know about Olivia, but maybe she's rooting for the other side."

"The other one?"

"Final Four, don't you know?"

"I don't remember any of them, except for Olivia."

Charlotte laughed wryly, as if she didn't even remember something that had nothing to do with her.

"We have a finalist who is certain to join the Crusaders after graduation."

"Oh....... Really?"

"I suppose it's something you might want Olivia to win."

Olivia's abandonment of her faith is inevitable.

So, the next Crusader might want to take the win from Olivia, who doesn't even use holy power.

Certainly, there were a few wannabe paladins in the Unlimited tournament field. Most of them were a force to be reckoned with.

Jordan Windsor, Royal Class 6th Grade A-3.

Radia Schmidt, Royal Class 6th grade, B-2.

Radia Schmidt.

The person who wondered what Olivia and I were talking about.

Someone who seems like a good person, but has a strange feeling about them.

He was a prodigy, using holy power with magical enhancements.

By the way.

Olivia is also a year in, so Radia Schmidt and Olivia are actually friends who have been at Temple for a long time.

Do you think they have bad feelings for each other because Olivia left her faith or something?

It's entirely possible that Radia Schmidt would be jealous of Olivia if she were to join the Crusaders.

In many ways, it would have been a comparison. As good as Radia Schmidt is, she wouldn't have been able to beat Olivia in the end.

If Radia Schmidt had been a member of Grace, I would have seen her once, but my first encounter with her was a brief conversation in front of my dorm.

If there was always someone above you who was a perfect match for your talents, that would be a pain in the ass.

While we were chatting about this and that, the moderator started running the contest.

-Royal fifth grader who has only dropped one set so far! Olivia Ranze!

Olivia teleports onto the field as the crowd cheers.

Despite the slight mishap yesterday, Olivia had regained her easygoing smile.

The difference is that Olivia, who had been fighting with her bare fists, is now wielding a sword.

Maybe he realized that he didn't need to draw penalties in the semifinals. Or maybe they realized that if they let their guard down like they did yesterday, they could lose a set.

The quarterfinalists were two sixth graders from Royal and a fifth grader from Orbis.

The Royal Class side was all Temple High School seniors.

Olivia Ranze's quarterfinal opponent is a fifth grader from Orvis. Melan Beniere.

It must be heartbreaking to have your Orbis class disappear right before you graduate.

The Orbis class was the cradle of revolutionary forces, and most of the students and teachers involved either dropped out or left the teaching profession.

Those who remain are either those who have not been subsumed, or those who have been subsumed but have decided to remain in the temple.

Revolutionary Forces.

It makes my head spin every time I think about it.

Regardless of my concerns, the first match of the quarterfinals was about to begin.

The process wasn't that important.

3: