447.





-Confectioner!

Antirrhinus watched from afar as a meteor shattered in a massive shockwave over the temple.

Time is broad daylight.

But as if the mirror of the heavens were shattering, meteors poured from the cracks in the sky that illuminated the vast void, falling toward the temple and shattering it.

"Shiloh, beautiful power......."

-Bang! Quack! Kwakkakkakkang!

The Temple's activated barriers were so strong and thick that they could hold back a meteorite that would have reduced a village to ashes.

Indeed, it deserved to be called the second safest place in the land of men.

-Kyaaaaah!

-Grrrrrr!

-꺄아아아악!

-Ahhhhh!

And Antirianus stared at the vast numbers of monsters pouring out of the warp gate, which was no longer its usual blue color, but a blazing inferno.

Heteromorphic monsters were pouring out, killing people.

Imaginary dimensions.

Clumsy creatures created in a dimension that doesn't exist, only to be thrust into the existing world to exist.

An incomplete Akasha is a recipe for disaster.

The destruction begins.

"This is more than I could have imagined......."

Antirrhinus watched the spectacle with satisfaction, as if he had been expecting more, but had gotten more than he bargained for.

-Woof!

Antirrhinus watches in awe as a meteor crashes into the temple.



* * *



There was still silence in the General Headquarters.

The devil foresaw disaster, but it had already begun.

However, the Devil provides the answer to the catastrophe that began. He tells you how to fix it.

"This catastrophe would not have been limited to the ecliptic, but would have been continental."

"The bigger the gate, the more dangerous monsters will come out. So we should prioritize breaking the super-sized warp gate."

"And as you know, the ecliptic has the most warp gates of any continent."

"So, the longer we wait to act, the more people will die."

"Smaller warp gates won't produce as strong of a monster, but numbers are numbers, and small to medium-sized towns and strongholds that don't have the right troops or armor are better off abandoning."

"Most countries will probably cease to function, and the only ones that will remain functional will be the capitals of empires or stronghold cities like Cernstadt."

"We're going to have to secure those, and then we're going to have to clean up the gates that we didn't get to, one by one, and that's how we're going to do it."

"I like to move fast."

"If we move a minute late now, we have to think of it as a year or a decade late in rebuilding humanity later."

He didn't blame the humans for causing this mess.

The situation has already happened.

The Empire's most elite troops are gathered here.

The ecliptic is the continent with the most warp gates.

If they didn't act quickly, the scale of the disaster would reduce the ecliptic to ashes. Meteors were raining down to destroy the temple.

Everyone listened in stunned silence.

If they're plotting to destroy humanity, there's no reason why we shouldn't know about it.

The only way to know if that's true is to break the warp gate.

The disaster has begun.

When you don't know what's going on and why, the damage can be devastating over time.

Or is it because they know they're doomed until they're told?

No, there's no reason you should.

If the Empire is fooled into thinking that this event only happened in the ecliptic, it will later have to face a world that has been reduced to ashes.

It's hard to reach them when all the warp gates have stopped firing.

I don't need to tell you that this catastrophe is continental in scope, because it's only going to get worse with time.

Everyone in the room has a hunch.

The Devil's men may have done this, but the Devil really didn't want this to happen.

That's why they're giving humanity the answers.

The emperor is furious.

You may not believe everything else, but you should take the devil's word for a catastrophe that has already happened.

If the demon was truly for the good of humanity, you can't kill it. There might be something else he knows.

But we can't let it go either.

Something is bound to happen, but if the ecliptic collapses, the empire is over.

However, with a presumed catastrophe threatening entire continents across the ecliptic, the forces that can be devoted to the Demon King are limited.

"Lord Tana, you will remain with the First Battalion."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"Shanapelle, all but the 1st Battalion, and the Imperial Mages are following me."

Demons are one thing, but now the ecliptic is about to evaporate.

If the best of the best were to stand by and watch from this spot, the empire would be lost.

The troops trickle out like an ebb and flow. The Emperor and Bertus are gone, too.

Olivia Ranze also looks at the popes of the Five Great Houses with a stony expression.

"We need to deal with this situation, and we need you and the pope to deal with this situation quickly."

Olivia says this with a stern look on her face, but every pope and even the head of the Crusader Knights knows what her intentions are.

I watch the corners of Olivia's mouth twitch in a serious but subtle way.

I felt like I knew what she was thinking in this crazy situation.

But just as the emperor had to leave, we couldn't just stand by and watch.

Right now, the Imperium needs the power of the paladins, priests, and popes of this place.

You need to do something before the damage spreads any further.

"Let's go."

The paladins and the popes of the Five Great Houses left.

Only the Crusader Knights, including Elayon Bolton, and the troops he commanded remained in place.

Soon, there were only a few people left.

Scarlett and Savior Tana standing right next to Reinhardt.

Olivia Ranze.

Ellen Artorius.

But with no idea what was going to happen to the Demon King, the best of Shanapelle's best were on hand, as well as Elion Bolton.

Despite the circumstances, we were well prepared for any possible raids or contingencies.

Even if Olivia Ranze was going to do something out of character, she could have handled it.

Of course.

That is, unless you're Olivia Ranze and you're the only one who's willing to do something out of the ordinary.

Time passes in silence.

With meteors raining down on your temple and monsters rising from the ecliptic.

They were enduring a tense time, with only the duty of keeping an eye on the devil.

Olivia watched the situation with an unreadable expression on her face, while Ellen bit her lip and watched the situation.

Saviolin Tana stood beside Reinhardt, holding on to her seat to keep from falling.

-Bang!

Suddenly, the entrance gates exploded open, and the troops guarding the outside poured in.

They were all dead, deeply wounded.

And in walked a stern-looking middle-aged man.

"EpinHauser......?"

Saviolin Tana stared in disbelief at Eppinhauser as he slowly walked in, sword drawn.

Also.

-Snarl

As usual, steam gathered in the air, and this time a silver-haired girl appeared from the other side.

"Is she......?"

"!"

A silver-haired girl in the first year of Royal Class.

Olivia and Ellen couldn't help but squint at the sudden appearance of the girl.

Somehow.

Upon entering, a girl who was close to Reinhardt threw her hands in the air.

-Kwagagagak!

In an instant, countless spears of ice from the ceiling slammed into the ground, sealing off the path to nowhere.

"This is....... What......!"

That wasn't all.

Suddenly, Scarlett, who was beside Reinhardt, picked up the chair Reinhardt was tied to and sent it flying toward Effinghauser.

The flying demon widened his eyes.

"Sarke......sarke......?"

A red-haired girl, speaking in a foreign voice.

"You must survive, degradation."

Reinhardt gritted his teeth as his eyes locked with something that was scarlet but not scarlet.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

Eppinhauser grabbed the chair the demon was tied to and set it down, breaking the restraints with a few swipes of his sword, and shattering the cuffs with his bare hands.

"Teacher......?"

Reinhardt looks at him in disbelief.

"We don't have time to talk about a lot of things."

Still stunned by the lack of recognition, Effinghauser spilled the beans on how he got it back.

The silver sword in Effinghauser's hand burned with blue magic.

Swordmaster, says Epinhouser.

"Go, Reinhardt."

-Bang! Ka-kang! kang!

"Are you sure the order is......?"

"It has nothing to do with order."

With that, Effinghauser stood in front of Reinhardt.

Something unrelated to the order.

Reinhardt was even more appalled by Epinhauser's words. True to his nature, Effinghauser did not add anything ticklish.

Lucinil was already fending off the mages and knights attacking him.

Tana doesn't understand what's going on, but she's already lunging for the EpinHauser.

-Bang!

However, before Tana's charge could reach Eppinhauser, she was hit by someone else's charge and rolled to the ground.

"Loyaar......?"

A short, gray-haired woman, dressed in tattered rags, looks at the demon and says, "When did you get released?

"Degradation."

-Udup

"Right now, you just need to think about staying alive."

The demon gritted his teeth as he watched Loyar turn into a white wolf.

Chanapelle's No. 