256





Aaron Mede was primarily surprised by the ease with which Herriot blocked his surprise offensive spell.

But the real shock came from the sword Ellen suddenly summoned.

"......?"

How is a student subject holding a holy relic of God? Aaron Mede watches in horror as one unbelievable thing after another happens.

Herriot looks at him with his force field unfurled.

"There's no way I'm already using an anti-magic field or something."

He looked like he'd been hit in the head with a hammer.

I fell for the kid's trick. No student would use such magic.

I overestimated Herriot and got nervous about the ridiculous threats, so I took matters into my own hands.

It had already happened. Aaron Mede was unmasked.

"Yeah, I don't know what you guys found me based on, but I don't think you realize you made a mistake yet."

Annuities are some of the easiest magic to steal. It can even be stolen and used by those who don't have access to magic.

That's why mages' private workshops are so secure. High-risk facilities known as dungeons are also the work of paranoid archmages.

If you want to protect something that's easy to steal, you need to make sure it's secure.

"What happens when you trespass in the 'Alchemist's House'. I'll show you."

The alchemist's workshop is the most heavily defended of all the mage's workshops.

-Bam!

"!"

"This is......!"

In a flash, Aaron Mede's body slipped behind the wall, and the door through which Ellen and Harriet had entered disappeared.

The windows were all blocked by an opaque protective crystal.

-Crack! Crack!

Numerous magical crossbows summoned from thin air were pointed at them, and violet smoke drifted from the blue magic stones embedded throughout.

Physical attacks.

Poison Fog.

Changes in the room itself.

The Alchemist's House is a dungeon, and walking into it is suicide.

Herriot laughs.

The mystery has been revealed. So there's no need to hold back now.

"I mean, you said I can't use it, not that you don't have something I can use?"

Herriot pulls the scrollbook out of her arms. At her gesture, the pages automatically open, and the scroll that slipped out of it begins to glow.

Herriot is a wizard.

Before that, it's fabulously rich.

-Flash!

Anti-magic, Anti magic field scroll triggered.



* * *



Before Harriet and Ellen enter Aaron Mede's mansion.

"I think it's over there."

"I guess so."

Ellen pointed to a mansion in the distance.

Aaron Mede's mansion was on the outskirts of the ecliptic. It wasn't quite a no-man's land with no buildings, but it was a mansion in a place where people were rarely seen.

It was a mansion that wasn't all that fancy, but it wasn't all that unassuming either.

Someone that Mr. Mustang recommended because he's an alchemist and pretty good at it, if not an introduction.

Mr. Mustang had only mentioned Aaron Mede out of academic curiosity, not because he knew there was a homunculus that actually ruled over people.

The Temple's alchemist is the one to go to in such situations.

Both Ellen and Harriet had the idea that they might be facing an uncomfortable truth.

It was odd to be so suspicious of Ms. Temple, but there was no reason not to be. They weren't playing child's play detective here; they were on a mission to find the assassin and kill him.

"What do you think?"

In response to Ellen's question, Harriet shrugged.

"It's suspicious, but....... There's no such thing as a wizard without secrets, and when you think about it, it's weirder to see a wizard who doesn't have a workshop or laboratory in the basement of his house. Granted, it's a bit large."

Herriot commented, feeling the massive magical shielding underground.

"Can't you see through it?"

"I don't know how to forcibly unlock a system of that size, but the mere fact that I'm trying to do it will be detected, and if it's not a big deal, it's a big deal. You're tampering with someone else's property."

The person you're about to meet is probably just your average teacher.

Just being cautious. Ellen assured her that everything would be fine, but that she would be prepared, and she also brought the scroll her father had given her to use in case something happened.

The magic contained in this scrollbook, which can only be opened with your biometric information, is beyond imagination. To put it mildly, the scrollbook itself contains the destructive power of an entire army of mages.

The value is priceless.

"Let's take a peek and apologize if it's not."

At Ellen's suggestion that she try an all-or-nothing approach, Harriet got fed up and put the earrings Reinhardt had given her on both sides of her head.

Herriot sighed, feeling slightly calmer.

"Can this end with an apology......."

"What if it doesn't end with an apology?"

Herriot is convinced by the nonchalant way Ellen says it.

Somewhere along the way, Ellen is becoming a little more like Reinhardt.



* * *



It's a monster.

Aaron Mede couldn't get it out of his head.

Anti-magic fields neutralized magically-activated traps and facilities.

It's not omnipotent magic in the first place. An anti-magic field can't neutralize all magical devices. But the level of magic used was too high. This scroll was used by the Grand Duchess of St. Thuan, a duchy known for its magic.

The magic was not the same as normal scrolling.

Okay, let's say that's a possibility.

But Aaron Mede's mansion is not without its mechanized traps.

They still work.

-Bang!

-Bang!

-Bang! Quack!

A monster advances, taking traps in its stride and smashing anything in its path.

He found himself in the bizarre situation of being on the run from his mansion.

A student, bathed in enchanted blue flames, crashes through the wall and rushes forward.

Just bumping into it with your body will shatter the wall.

If it doesn't break, cut it off with the sword.

Shingon Ramen.

A holy relic of the moon god Mensis, said to have a blade as cold and sharp as moonlight.

Aaron Mede was about to realize the power of the Relic in a way he didn't want to experience.

How is that different from a Swordmaster? His attacks don't work on magically enhanced flesh, and a holy object replaces the Swordmaster's proprietary Auror Blade.

-Thump! Thump!

Aaron Mede runs away from Ellen, who bursts in when she can't see the door.

And even though he couldn't see where he'd run off to, he seemed to sense it and follow in the right direction.

You could use the teleportation scroll to escape, but the anti-magic field the damned Archduchess has cast is blocking you from using magic. So she can't use magic either, but what's following you now is a monster that has nothing to do with magic.

The users of the mansion may not have been Swordmasters, but they should have been able to stall for time. They were all down before the anti-magic field activated.

Before he knew it, Aaron Mede was in his basement workshop.

The same goes for the underground workshop: all of the homunculi being studied are either gone or have ceased to function.

Aaron Mede walked into the underground workshop.

The homunculus wasn't the only one there.

"......."

After smashing open the locked reinforced door to the underground workshop, Ellen watches as her body emerges from the blue flames of her own flesh.

Lots of weird experiments in the port.

Chimeras are still alive. Things that are made from life, things that inspire awe at the mere sight of them.

Some of them included humans. There were chimeras that were created by splicing together the human and the non-human.

There are humans, and other parts that look like, well, demons.

"You."

Ellen looks at Aaron Mede in a spark of magic.

"He deserves to die."

Apart from this, Ellen is determined to kill Aaron Mede.

"Hmph, hmph......."

Aaron Mede's underground workshop was built beneath the mansion's sprawling grounds.

It's very large, and there are many experiments.

An experiment that is unaffected by the anti-magic field.

Chimera.

-Bam!

Aaron Mede pulls the lever to open the port and release the Chimera.

-Crack....... Krrrr!

Some have great combat skills, some don't.

But it's enough to buy you some time.

Ellen sees creatures writhing and screaming in front of her, their lives mangled by other people.

Ellen looked pitifully at the hopeless creatures.

Aaron Mede runs his underground workshop.

As long as it is out of the anti-magic field, it will teleport away.

He ran toward the secret exit of the underground workshop.

“캬아아아악!”

Ellen stared at the dozens of chimeras closing in on her.

That, too, for a while.

-skuck!

"......."

Ellen began to chop up the chimeras without hesitation.



* * *



Beside me was Sarkegar, in sparrow form, and Eleris, hiding behind her invisibility spell.

I'm not sure what's going to happen, so I've brought in all the available power except for Loyar. Aaron Mede is an alchemist, but I don't know what he'll do.

The way in is not the front door.

"This is a secret passageway?"

-Yes, degradation.

Sarkegar, in the form of a sparrow perched on my shoulder, said.

It's really weird because it sounds like a bird when it's chirping cute, but when it's talking, it has an unidentifiable, dark voice.

What is.

A great dark being, but a sparrow.

I feel like I'm walking around with something like that.

It was a mansion built on a sparsely populated estate on the outskirts of the ecliptic, and the secret passage was in the middle of a forest even more remote than that.

In the lush vines of the hillside, hidden by the fallen leaves, you can see what looks like an iron gate if you look closely enough.

Enter this location and catch Aaron Mede unawares inside the mansion.

-The atmosphere is a little weird, like something is going on.......

Just as she was about to say that, Elyse, who is hiding behind an invisibility spell.

-Grrrr

The immovable iron gates opened, and out of them leaped a man with an urgent look on his face.

"......?"

"!"

He looked at me, standing there nonchalantly outside, and his heart literally stopped.

"Yeah, how could you!"

"......What is it?"

I don't know Aaron Mede's face because I've never actually seen him.

-Aaron Medeiros.

So, it was Sarkozy's explanation that made me realize that.

That goofy-looking middle-aged guy is Aaron Mederanda.

"......Why is he coming out of here?"

-Don't know.

I don't know what it was, but Aaron Mede was in front of me.

And Aaron Mededo was like, why did you get out of here?

He looked at the talking sparrow, at me waiting at the exit of the secret passage, and pondered. He seemed to have given up thinking.

He puts his hand in yours.

"Where."

-Bam!

I drove my fist into his abdomen as he tried to pull a fast one.

"Off you go!"

"I don't know what it is, but it's an asshole."

I grabbed him by the hair as he lay limp on the floor.

"You're going to be responsible for what you do from now on, aren't you?"

"Blah blah blah!"

Me and Ellen.

You didn't kill it, but you'll get what you came for.

Very expensive.

And.

-Bang!

The sound of harsh spurs on the iron gate, and someone else popped out.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

With a ragged gasp, Ellen emerged, flesh and blood splattered all over her body. Looking desperate, Ellen looked back and forth between Aaron Mede, who had fallen and was holding her head, and me, and then froze.

"...... Reinhardt?"

"......Why are you coming out of there again?"

What the heck is going on?

Not Ellen, not me, not even Aaron Mede.

Even Sarkegar and Elise, though they can't speak.

We were all confused by the situation.





Episode 257.





I don't know when or where this started.

But you get the idea. Ellen attacked Aaron Mede, and he tried to escape through a secret passage, but I was just about to enter.

But that's not all.

Eleris knows Ellen, but Sarkegaard doesn't know Ellen.

Ellen is holding a bowl of ramen in her right hand, and Sarkegar is not as ignorant as Loyaar.

We need to get Ellen out of here quickly.

Before Sarkeghar could figure something out.

"We'll talk about that later."

"......Yes."

For now, the priority was to take action against Aaron Mede.

I immediately ripped off his robes and shook off all the scrolls in his arms.

He can't use teleportation on his own. We don't know the details of his condition, but we've been told the basics.

"You came with Harriet?"

"Yes."

"Bring him over here."

"It's dangerous, I'll be here......."

"Bring him in."

At my commanding words, Ellen stares at me.

It's not about bringing in Herriot.

I'm sending what I'm about to say because I don't want Ellen to hear it.

"Yeah. Be careful."

Ellen has gone back into the secret passage, and I'm alone with Aaron Mede. I can't see him, of course, but Elise and Sarkegar are near me.

"Oh, you're wrong. This is....... I don't know what's going on, but it's all wrong."

Aaron Mede thought he'd gotten it all wrong and was going to say some bullshit I wouldn't believe.

"What if I'm wrong?"

I grab him by the scruff of the neck and laugh.

"Whether you tried to kill me or not, it doesn't change the fact that you're a scumbag who deserves to die."

Aaron Mede is definitely the killer, and even if he's not, he deserves to die. I made sure Ellen was far enough away.

He sends Ellen away because he thinks she might get annoyed if he tells her about the talking sparrow.

I also had a question to ask.

It's a good thing Aaron Mede ran away in desperation.

If Ellen had gotten the drop on me, I wouldn't have gotten the important information.

"I don't know about anything else, but I need to know how to contact the Black Order."

"......what?"

"Speak quickly, or I will kill you in the most painful way in the world until my friend returns."

Black order.

Since magic is the most likely cause of the Gate, we need to determine the whereabouts and intentions of the Secret Magic Society. Their freak accident may have been the cause of the Gate.

There are bound to be magical covenants that you don't have set up, and you should be aware of the ones you do.

I don't know everything, either, as the magic coven makes an appearance but isn't a major part of the story.

The Black Order is the first of these.

The good news is that I know a bit more about the Black Order than I do about other magical organizations.

He was horrified that I was already waiting for him at the escape site and that he knew I was Black Order.

"You....... Who art thou?"

I began to think that I was beyond his comprehension, that I was some kind of freak.

He's got a point.

"That's none of your business."

I turn to face him and give him a wicked grin.

"Do you think I'm going to kill you? No, I'm not."

One of the few things we know about the Black Order.

"I'm going to hand it over to the cantus magna."

A magical order known to the world as the Sobriety Hunters.

Their real name is Cantus magna.

Cantus Magna, a sobriety hunter, and the Black Order, which has a lot of sobriety.

The Black Order and Cantus Magna are eternal enemies.

If you hand him over to the Cantus Magna, he will live in a state where he would have been better off dead.

His complexion was haggard.

The average person might know the word "sobriety hunter" but not the name of the organization, Cantus Magna.

The fact that I know that is already a surprise.

If you know the connection between the Black Order and the Cantus Magna, you'll think me even weirder.

"Me, if you let me go, I'll put you in touch with the Black Order! I'll introduce you to the Order! I'll do anything for you! I'll even let you become a member of the Order if you want......!"

-Puck!

And.

With a sudden explosion, Aaron Mede's head exploded.

Literally, with no foreshadowing.

"......."

In an instant, I was a decapitated corpse, staring blankly at the sight of blood gushing from my throat toward the sky.

Live, live, live.

You're really seeing things, aren't you?

I had a general idea of what was going on.

I turn around. There, a wizard in black robes stares back at me.

I couldn't see anything inside the black robe.

I was expecting it to show up. No, I was also thinking it would be watching. If not intervene.

But we intervened.

If you don't know about orders, you won't care, but I've made it clear.

Neither Elise nor Sarkegaard were doing anything right now. But they must be on edge.

Someone in a black robe watched me from the shadowy depths of the hood.

"......."

"If you showed up out of the blue, at least say something."

"......."

Aaron Mede is a settlement agent, but a lowly one.

But his opponent summarily eliminated Aaron Mede. At least he's not a minion.

We don't know who it is.

"No, talk to me, why are you just staring at me?"

"Do you have any information on Cantus Magna?"

I smiled to myself as he spoke up after a long moment of silence.

I didn't think that Aaron Mede would have the means to contact the Black Order.

However, I knew that if I mentioned Cantus Magna in front of the Black Order, they would contact me.

I can make up the details as I go along, but I only know what I know, and this is part of that knowledge.

The two magical orders hate each other the most.

They are not interested in anything else, and exterminating each other is also a very important goal.

So it makes sense that they'd be hungry for each other's information.

A Temple student mentions Cantus Magna.

There are secret magical societies that the average person shouldn't even know the name of.

That alone gets them to reach out to me.

"Shouldn't there be some kind of quid pro quo? You can't give it away for free."

"......what you want."

I look at the black wizard in the hood.

"Your knowledge."

This week.

The Black Order's large stockpile of gold.

Maybe that's where the gate debacle came from.

To prevent the gate from happening, I had to start walking a dangerous tightrope again.

He seemed unmoved by the execution of a lowly minion.

He showed up not because I threatened Aaron Mede, but because I mentioned Cantus Magna.

"It better be solid information."

"Do you know enough to tell if you're not sure or not?"

"......."

The Black Order are bad guys, but they're not evil.

They have their own principles, and they're different from the rest of the world.

Therefore, he didn't respond to my sarcastic remarks.

"I'll get back to you in due course."

"......template?"

"That shouldn't be hard."

These guys can come directly to Temple Road. I realized I was starting to touch things I shouldn't have. My skin tingled with tension.

But you have to do what you have to do.

"If you're a boy with a Lord Vampire as a minion, you don't tell flimsy lies."

Of course, he had already identified Eleris, who was waiting by my side with an invisibility spell.

If so, you already know the talking sparrow.

The fact that he's an unknown entity already lends him an uncanny amount of credibility.

The Black Order wizard had vanished like a mirage.

The realization that you're about to cross a truly dangerous river runs down your spine.

You have to get somewhere.

You have to go, even if it means going backwards.



* * *



Ellen, thinking I might be in danger, hurried back with Harriet.

The Black Order mage left, and I put Aaron Mede's body away. Herriot's face was grim from what he'd seen.

"How did you do it?"

"Do I need to say ......?"

I tried to stifle the urge to say I killed him, but I didn't.

The blood from the dead Aaron Mede's body was all over the place, so you get the idea.

She hadn't seen the body, but she was at a loss for words when I told her that I had casually killed a man.

Rather than being angry or scared, I felt sad.

The very fact that I became that person.

"We'll talk about what happened later."

I save talking to Ellen or Harriet about how they got here, or why I'm here alone.

"I need to fix this first."

We've just murdered Ms. Temple.

This was the first thing I needed to fix.



* * *



I sent Ellen and Harriet back first.

with the words I'll do something about it.

Both Ellen and Harriet seemed to have a lot to talk to me about, and they were anxious, but I was too stubborn to force them to go back with me.

I was angry, first of all, that they were in this position.

Outside the mansion of Aaron Mede, outside the ecliptic.

Elise unraveled her invisibility, and Sarkegardo Sparrow returned to his normal human form. But she was no longer Count Argonne Pontheus; she was a normal, ubiquitous adult woman.

Both Ellis and Sarkegaard seemed to have a lot to say.

She would want to know why I would want to contact the Black Order. Her demeanor turned sour as she realized my intentions could never be good.

And it was worse for Sarkegar.

"Jae-hyun, if my eyes aren't mistaken, I think I saw one of the two kids who came to help Jae-hyun grab a bowl of ramen."

Sarkeghar couldn't help but ask about Ellen. The look in Sarkegar's eyes, which had always been submissive and compliant to my every word, was different.

Sarkegar's eyes stare at me, expressionless.

The impression was that of a normal person, but it was eerie to see it.

Dreadfiend.

Dread Demon.

Sarkegaard doesn't go into a lot of detail.

Laments, the new sword of the moon, is said to be the sword of Lagan Artorius, along with Alsbringer.

And it hasn't been used in the Demon Wars.

And the girl holding it.

A girl with powers beyond her years.

Sarkozy is making a guess, and it's probably close to the truth.

Sarkegar looks at me.

Sarkegar's eyes, with their eerie expressionlessness and wide-open whites, made me feel numb just looking at him.

"Even if you don't tell me, there are plenty of ways to figure it out. Please, tell me everything now."

It's not money, it's not praise, it's not any reward that the ever-loyal Sarkegar needs.

Willingness to rebuild the Demon Realm.

For that alone, Sarkhegar will give me his life, and if I don't have it, he will do whatever it takes to make me feel that way.

Ellen is in danger.

If we say nothing here, Sarkhegar will figure out on his own that Ellen is Artorius.

Sarkegar's greatest hatred in the world is, of course, Ragan Artorius, the warrior who killed the demon.

Her sister is becoming a monster in the Temple, and I can't let that happen.

If I don't say it here, if I don't convince Sarkozy.

Ellen dies.

If Sarkegar wants to kill Ellen, I can't stop him.

"Yep. Ramen is right."

"......."

"And her name is Ellen Artorius. She is the younger sister of Ragan Artorius."

Sarkegar's eyes widened at my words.

"May the gods wonder why thee, thou, dost, commune, with, the, flesh and blood, of, such, a, chewing, slayer."

Sarkegar's eyes were bloodshot, and the color of his skin was turning blue and red.

Her anger was causing her to lose control of her body. Elise twitched her fingers nervously.

Elise is now suspicious of my intentions to contact the Black Order.

Sarkegar, who wants war, and Eleris, who wants peace.

I was now giving them both the benefit of the doubt.

But first, an excited Sarkegaard had to be convinced.

He was now angry at me for not telling him about Ellen, and angry that he was close enough to try to save my life.

One word.

If I say the wrong thing, it's not me who dies, it's Ellen. I could end up worse than dead.

Just as Elise is ultimately on my side, but dangerous, Sarkeghar is on my side, but ultimately dangerous.

I was feeling it in my skin right now.

"Isn't that obvious?"

"What's natural?"

"She's Ragan Artorius' sister, why the hell shouldn't we be friendly?"

"......."

"You, is the rebuilding of the Demon Realm a matter of emotion, of simple vengeance?"

Sarkegar's expression didn't improve.

"Weren't you the one who made me go to the Temple, to take down the humans the way they do, with their weapons?"

"......."



'Enter the Temple and learn the ways of the humans thoroughly; to strike them down with their weapons is true revenge!'



Sarkegar was the first to suggest sending me to the temple.

After all, isn't it an extension of him?

"The sister of a warrior who was about to become the most powerful weapon man has ever known risks her life to save me, and you're upset about this?"

"......."

"This situation today is not what I intended, but I thought you'd like to know this."

Sarkegar shook his head.

"You're using the flesh and blood of a fucking warrior. Is that what you're saying?"

"Yeah."

Sarkeghar watches me steadily.

He took a step forward and brought his face to mine.

We were almost nose to nose.

"You're a terrible liar."

"......."

Sarkegar's three hundred eyes stare at me as if trying to see through me.

"Do you think I don't know that you are genuinely concerned about that child?"

When Ellen appeared out of nowhere, I lost my composure.

I was genuinely flustered. It was so unexpected, and Sarkozy read my mood.

I will use Ellen. I will make it my side and use it.

I can't believe he would say such a cold thing in the first place. By my reaction, Sarkozy has already realized that Ellen is important to me.

Just as Ellen values me, I value her.

It's already been read.

Sarkegar's eyes meet mine, and I stare back.

I was scared, but I couldn't back down.

"Why not?"

"......Yes?"

Sarkeghar was rather taken aback by my bold statement, and Elise seemed bewildered, as if she hadn't expected me to say that.

"Fuck, it was Ragan Artorius who killed my father, the Ancestor Demon, not Ellen."

"Yes?"

"No shit, can't I like humans a little bit, is that such a big deal, huh?"

At my sudden outburst, Sarkegar's eyes widened with a meaning unlike any other.

"Lowly! Ragan Artorius is the enemy of the Undying Sky, the one who killed the Ancestral Demon King, and you have not even managed to dry up the seed of the Artorius clan. How can you treat someone with such disgusting, foul blood as precious? This is not acceptable!"

"I don't know asshole, I know I'm trying to use her and I know she's important to me, so what?"

"Degradation!"

"Ugh, come on. Dude, are you supposed to be telling me what to do with the devil?"

"......."

I rolled my eyes, and Sarkegar took a step back. I looked at Sarkhegar as he backed away and shook my head.

"Dude, this isn't working."

"Oh, no, what do you mean......."

"You're the devil."

"Yes?"

"You should be the devil, asshole. I see you're puking all over what I'm doing, so maybe you should be the devil. Yeah or no, just do it, motherfucker. Turn into an Archdemon and do it, motherfucker."

"Lowly, you know that's not my intention, I don't covet the position and I can't have it!"

"Really?"

"Yes, degradation!"

I approach Sarkegar. As I approach, Sarkhegar takes a few steps back.

"Well, shut up and do what I tell you to do. What if I'm being an asshole, what if I'm doing something I don't understand, what if I'm friends with your warrior sister, what if I'm dead or alive, what if you don't understand?"

"......."

"I am the only Archdemon, whether you doubt my qualifications or my intentions, whatever!"

I say, shoving my face into Sarkegar's.

"You have no other choice but me."

"......."

"Ellen, don't touch it."

Sarkegar's eyes were wavering.

"If you don't want to see the corpse of an Archdemon. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

I could die for you.

I hadn't thought about realizing it in a place like this.

I was now threatening a subordinate with my life in a place where Ellen was not. I could see Sarkegar's eyes fill with fear, anger, and sadness.

"......Lower, no."

Eventually, tears welled up in Sarkegar's furious eyes.

"He doesn't know anything, does he?"

"......."

"I don't understand, but even if you can accept him, he won't."

Sarkegar's tears were, after all, tears of genuine concern for me.

"Degradation, this is dangerous. It's too, too risky, and it's a gamble that shouldn't be taken."

Sarkegar cries and begs.

Elise had said. I don't want our relationship to have a sad ending.

Just because I can value the blood of my father's killer doesn't mean that Ellen can accept the blood of her brother's killer.

It's not just an enemy, either.

I am the blood of the enemy and the seed of a great war.

It's impossible for Ellen to accept me.

I understand Sarkozy's tears, his worry, his anxiety, and his words. It's impossible not to understand.

But understanding didn't mean I could accept it.

"Shut up. I don't know about anything else, but if you touch a hair on Ellen's head, I'm going to kill you and fuck you and everything."

"......."

"You, you just have to remember that one thing."

"Degrade....... Please."

"Answer."

"No, no, no. Please. Just this, if nothing else, this......."

"Answer."

Sarkegar nodded, furious.

"Yes....... Degraded."

That didn't convince Sarkegar.

However, we did succeed in getting it to give in.





Episode 258.





I didn't convince Sarkegar.

It was just a threat. I can't hide the fact that I care about Ellen, so the only way I can do that is to threaten Sarkegar with my life.

Sarkhegar will not be able to touch Ellen.

He won't be the kind of guy who wants to test whether my threats are true or not.

But eventually, Ellen was exposed.

While Sarkegar is unlikely to do anything about it, Ellen can be watched and tracked by Sarkegar at any time.

Sarkhegar would now keep a close eye on Ellen. It was entirely possible that Sarkhegar would be the first to act if Ellen realized my identity and tried to do something to me.

Elise didn't ask me anything at first because it seemed complicated enough.

Sarkegar returned home with anxiety and fear, and so did Elise.

This is not the end of the story.

Back to the original topic, we need to solve Aaron Mede's problem.

Technically, I'm not the one who caused the accident this time, Ellen and Harriet are.

In fact, they did battle in Aaron Mede's house. Of course, it was Ellen who deployed the anti-magic field and physically ran.

I didn't actually kill Aaron Mede, so I didn't have to admit it.

But I'm even more reluctant to tell them that I've been in contact with a Black Order wizard. Of course they'd think I was crazy.

And they don't even know that Aaron Mede was a member of the Black Order.

It felt a little weird to hear Ellen's detailed reasons for getting to this point.

You could cover up Aaron Mede's death, but that would bring Harriet and Ellen under suspicion.

Mr. Mustang's introduction to these two leads to Aaron Mede's death, so there's a fairly obvious connection between Aaron Mede's death and their involvement.

You can't hide it.

If so, it should be exposed.

Fortunately or unfortunately, there were no living users in Aaron Mede's house. They were all controlled by the homunculus in the first place.

Ellen and Harriet visited Aaron Mede's house and saw many inhumane experiments in sobriety being performed there, and Aaron Mede tried to kill them, but was repelled.

That way.

"You want me to do that?"

"I said that, not that you should."

Bertus crossed his arms and smirked at my request.

"I don't know where you went wrong, but one minute you're a chimera, the next you're a homunculus. Your life has taken a turn for the worse, that's for sure, and now I'm kind of tired of being a part of it."

"It's not my fault this time, he tried to kill me."

"I mean, rightly or wrongly, I'm already disenchanted with the idea of getting involved in that."

"......Yes."

Only Bertus or Charlotte could have framed the issue that way. The facts weren't all that different. In reality, Aaron Mede tried to kill Ellen and Harriet, and before that, he tried to kill me.

I was going to say something about the Black Order, but I stopped myself. The Imperials can make their own assumptions about Aaron Mede's membership in the Black Order based on his underground workshop.

"That's disgusting. I can't believe Ms. Temple was doing that. What are wizards......."

Bertus clicked his tongue in disdain; he was obviously annoyed that there was such a thing as a Temple teacher.

"It would have been handled just fine without your request, so don't bother."

"What about the kids?"

"I'm not going to get investigated, because there's no good that can come of it."

The mere fact that Dr. Temple's dabbling in human experimentation and other forms of sobriety is a blow to his image.

The case will be buried. Aaron Mede will be dealt with one way or another, and the issues surrounding it, including the assassination attempt, will sink below the surface.

Those in power don't want to have to deal with headaches, so some things don't even get addressed in the first place.

In any world, it's all the same.

Regardless of my needs, this incident will fizzle out.



[Event Complete - Assassination Threat].

[You have acquired the trait "Qi Sense"].



With that, the assassination event that had my blood running dry for quite some time came to an end.



Trait: Chi Sense

Description: A talent for detecting small, life-threatening to long-term threats. It can be used to aid in combat, or to sense life force. It allows you to feel and recognize danger in advance.

However, this is an abstract sense, not an absolute.



Events that give attributes.

They usually paid off big time.

That was the case again.



* * *



The case is closed. No, it's not completely resolved, but it's now in Bertus' hands. He will put it to rest.

There are no witnesses to the incident, as it is outside the ecliptic and inside the mansion. So there's no commotion.

So I had to clean up the mess.

I had heard the story of how Ellen and Harriet found Aaron Mede. I knew about it, but I hadn't organized it.

I first looked for Herriot.

He was locked in his room, not in the magical society, not in the magical lab in his dormitory.

"Hey."

"......."

Herriot had a very bad complexion.

"We need to talk."

"Yes......."

Herriot cautiously opened the door.

"Do you want to come in?"

Normally, I would have never let him in, but he looked pretty bad right now.

You didn't actually kill anyone, but you saw something horrible.

Whatever you saw, it must have been more than you could have imagined. It's not the same as seeing something you've only imagined or heard about.

Sitting across from him at the table, Harriet stared blankly at the table.

Normally, I would have been angry at them for doing such a dangerous thing. Just as these guys had a lot to say to me, I had a lot to say to them.

"Why on earth would....... that far?"

"......."

"You don't have to make that, you don't have to make bugs that control people, or mix people and beasts, why do you have to make that?"

Chimera.

Herriot looked at them as Ellen sliced them up and seemed to have a mental breakdown.

I'm tired of the wizard's malice.

"Reinhardt......."

"Uh."

"This time, I know you didn't mean to....... I know you didn't do it on purpose......."

Harriet trembles, and gingerly takes my hand.

"Can I not get involved in something like this? I'm so scared....... I don't understand....... I don't know what else....... Fighting with kids, that's all fine and good....... But this kind of thing....... Can't I stay away from things like this?"

Herriot trembles and eventually cries.

"I'm afraid you're going to go too far. No, I'm so scared because I think you've already gone......."

In the midst of it all, I was overly complacent.

Herriot seemed to be afraid of that, too.

"I'd love to, too."

Harriet's hand was breaking out in a cold sweat as she squeezed mine.

"I'll try to do that."

That's a lie.

A lie that could only be a lie, a lie that even Harriet would recognize.

I had no choice but to do it for now.



* * *



In the middle of the night, I went to find Ellen.

Herriot blew away the bloodstains with a cleansing spell, so he wouldn't arouse suspicion when he returned to the temple.

It's just Ellen and me in the rehearsal hall. Ellen looks at me without saying a word.

-Chulkuk

Without another word, Ellen locked the door to the training room.

I could see why it would do that.

"Summon."

"......what?"

"Tiamata."

-Cheating.......

Ellen held a bowl of ramen in her right hand.

"Why."

"If."

Ellen stares at me with dark eyes.

"Do it."

I summoned Tiamata in my right hand.

Ellen lunges at me, her body engulfed in blue flames.

-Bam!

I pushed my physical enhancements to the limit, but in a single blow, Tiamata was out of my grasp and Ellen's ramen was at my throat.

Overwhelming skill differential.

I wonder if they wanted to show that.

"......."

Ellen's eyes burned with anger.

"If it weren't for Herriot, I might be dead."

Even the enchanted Ellen might have died in the alchemist's house without Herriot's anti-magic field. Ellen was saying that with a straight face.

"You, you shouldn't have come."

Ellen, not realizing that I had brought Sarkegar and Eleris with me, was bound to be upset.

-Kang!

Unable to control her anger, Ellen threw the ramen on the floor of the training center.

The holy relics of the gods littered the ground like trash.

"I told you not to do anything dangerous!"

Ellen screamed.

"How many times have I....... How. many. times. have. I. said. that. You. say. that. you. said...... but. what. the. hell. Why the hell....... Why the hell......."

Ellen is going to play.

Tears were falling from the corners of her eyes.

"What the hell is wrong with....... Why the hell......."

She thinks that if she and Harriet hadn't gotten there first, I'd be dead, and she's right.

I would have surely died if I had gone alone.

Ellen was frustrated because she couldn't tell me about herself.

I can't help but think I'm just a vindictive lunatic.

Ellen cried and grabbed my hand.

"Might as well take that gray-haired lady with you. Why on earth would you go alone....... Why on earth....... Why are you trying to do this all by yourself?"

Not bringing Loyar with us was a mistake.

Ellen felt like I was going crazy just dabbling in dangerous things.

That seemed to be too much to bear.

"Are you angry?"

"Ugh. I'm angry."

Ellen looks at me with red, bloodshot eyes.

"And I, you don't think I'm angry?"

"......."

Ellen's right.

If it weren't for Harriet's presence, Ellen would have died in the Alchemist's Mansion. Unable to fight, unable to deal with the many traps, she would have died.

If you think I'm lucky to be alive, you're mistaken.

Ellen is the only one lucky enough to be alive.

Sarkhegar realizes that Ellen exists.

If I hadn't threatened him with my life, Sarkegar would have done it immediately.

And she's not safe now. Ellen is at long-term risk.

Just as Ellen is upset, I am upset. I can't even blame Ellen for this, because she's in danger because of what she did for me.

Still.

I could have done it myself.

Why.

When I saw Ellen emerge from the secret entrance to Aaron Mede's mansion, I thought my heart would drop.

Why.

It's still alive, though.

How did we get here?

What if he dies?

Then, Sarkegaard sees Ellen.

What to do.

What to do.

So many thoughts raced through my head that I almost lost my mind.

But I couldn't tell Ellen all of this.

You were dangerous, and you were going to be dangerous, and I couldn't say that.

"I'm stronger than you."

Ellen glares at me and says

"Then I won't die?"

"I won't die, but I can protect myself better than you can."

That's true.

But.......

Even if we exclude Sarkeghar's acquaintance with Ellen, Ellen and Harriet were out of line.

No matter how strong Ellen is at this point, she's still under Loyaar. No matter how strong Herriot is at this point, he's still under Elise.

They were outnumbered. They fought for their lives without knowing their opponent's capabilities.

I have a bad case of the narrows.

I'm allowed to do it, but they're not allowed to do it.

We may all have to be thrown into the fire at some point, but why go through it beforehand?

But I had a more fundamental question.

If Ellen becomes a Swordmaster and Herriot becomes an Archmage.

Am I willing for them to take a risk for me?

Apparently, that wasn't the case.

"I appreciate your willingness to risk your life for me, but you really don't have to."

So I couldn't help but say that in a harsh way.

"So, you want me to watch you die? At least. What you're thinking. You could have told me what you were going to do, and then we could have talked, and then....... I could have gone with you......."

Ellen wasn't about to back down. She couldn't talk about it. If she couldn't tell Sarkegar what made Aaron Mede tick, there was no way she could convince Ellen.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"......."

Just as I didn't tell Ellen anything, she figured it out on her own without telling me.

After all, me and Ellen are the same.

If we told each other this story, we wouldn't be able to tell each other because we'd be afraid they'd take over.

I didn't tell them because I knew it would put them in danger, and I thought they would jump in knowing it was dangerous.

I could lie and say I'm not going to do anything dangerous now, but Ellen wouldn't believe me. In reality, I'm going to do something even more dangerous.

"Yeah, it's not going to matter what I say."

Ellen had given up.

You can't convince me. Because if I did, I wouldn't be living like this.

"If you die, I die."

Ellen says warningly.

"If you take your life for granted, I'm going to think you're taking mine for granted, and I'm going to think that."

Warning or threat.

It was a warning, a threat, but ultimately nothing.

In the end, it was all talk.

But that's what life is all about.

"That's what I wanted to say."

I return the words verbatim. Ellen glared at me. When I didn't say a word, she seemed angry in a different way than before.

Ellen sent the ramen back, raised her training sword, and threw one at me.

"Listen."

Ellen points her dueling sword at me.

"If you're going to push yourself on a topic you're weak in, you should at least practice more."

I didn't feel anything for Ellen's provocation.

Because I'm actually weak.

"Yeah."

-Ka-ching!

Ellen lunged, and I parried the sword.

I could see a lot of emotions swirling in Ellen's eyes as she tried to find my gaps.

In the end, the exercise didn't work out that day.

It wasn't a practice, it was a fight.

-Kang!

"Boom!"

That the words we say to each other will scar each other's hearts indelibly. That something will never be taken back.

Rather than break each other's hearts, we chose to break each other's bodies.

Not surprisingly, I was the one who was sicker.





Episode 259.





I spoke with Harriet and Ellen.

That wasn't the end of it.

I had to explain to Elise why I knew about the Black Order and how I knew about Cantus Magna.

They acted as if they knew things they shouldn't know.

Sarkeghar saw Ellen as a problem, but not the Black Order. You can speculate all you want about why I'm dabbling in new powers.

However, while Sarkegar may be fine, Eleris is not.

He's been doing this and that, and now he's trying to get to the Black Order.

Beyond the danger, it's a rather odd situation if I don't dream of rebuilding the demon world.

Sarkeghar seems rather pleased, so there's no need to convince him.

So, I had to do something about this situation where Elise, who had always been my greatest ally, might become my enemy.

The next day.

I left the Temple and found myself in the lower chambers of Elerith's Ring.

Elise's mood was much different than usual.

Unlike the usual cheerful face that greeted me, Eleris was staring at me with a stern expression.

If Elise wants to kill me, I can't stop her.

"That's scary."

"You're trying to contact the Black Order, and you come to me in person in this situation, and you speak of your fears for me, and they can't be real."

"That's really scary."

"......."

Eleris stares at me, still.

"I thought you'd bring Loyaar or Sarkegar, but you're coming alone......."

Darkened ring.

It may not be night, but her powers are at their peak. If she can kill me in broad daylight, there's no way she can't kill me in this environment.

"As for you, sir, you are a strange man."

Her eyes were fluttering.

"The two sides of you, trying to work with a dangerous group called the Black Order, and then trying to protect a child named Ellen with your life. I don't think I'll ever understand it."

It didn't seem to understand me at all.

"Jae-hyun, whatever you're dreaming about, I think you're putting too much faith in me....... You shouldn't. If you dream of rebuilding the Demon Realm, you should stay away from me. Even if you're not dreaming of becoming a Demon Realm Rebuilder, you're putting too much faith in me. Instead....... Why do you have so much faith in me, you don't even know me."

Eleris said pleadingly. She looks like she's about to burst into tears.

Sarkegar and I had some friction this time, but he could never kill me. In the end, I'm forced to comply, and while I can't stand Ellen's presence, I can't touch her for now.

But not Eleris.

Eleris kept doubting and worrying that I was dreaming of war and rebuilding the demon world.

Eleris is an unwieldy load.

A subordinate who can kill me at any time if my intentions don't align with his values.

There's no reason to keep such a subordinate around, and I've been favoring Elise. She can't understand me like that.

The trust between me and Elise has been broken.

Eleris will never believe me when I say I want peace, because I tried to reach out to the Magic Covenant.

Therefore, at a time when you are wondering what to do with me, I appear alone, as if to kill you, and you are confused.

When I was dropped into this world, I was psychologically overwhelmed.

I was relieved to see Charlotte, but I didn't know what to do with the ecliptic.

I met Elise at a time when I was worried about today, not years from now.

In a world full of human beings, I met someone who must be on my side.

It's like finding an oasis in the desert, and meeting Eleris was like a circle of salvation for me.

So I couldn't help but be drawn to her, no matter what she actually was.

"I never lied."

I stare at Eleris.

"I'm not interested in rebuilding the demon world, and I'm not interested in war."

Eleris looked disbelieving. Yeah, I can't believe it either. This whole pacifist thing has gotten out of hand.

When I took Elise to Aaron Mede's house, I already knew this was going to happen.

It was a moment that had to come at some point.

Now Elise has a very important job to do.

"If I told you I knew the future, would you believe me?"

"......Yes?"

I was going to tell her about the future, at least.



* * *



Know the future.

Elise was flustered, not sure how to react, as she hadn't expected me to say such an outlandish thing.

I wanted to tell others, but I couldn't.

It would require explaining too many other things, including things that could never be said.

But I could only tell one person, and that person was Elise.

To be more precise, I wanted to remove the last bit of doubt about me from Elise's mind.

I wanted to make Eleris, now truly on my side.

On my side, unsuspecting no matter what I do.

"Degrading....... What....... What in the world are you talking about?"

"I don't know the whole future. All I know are some of the big events that will happen in the future, and I can't predict the future as it changes in real time."

It's hard to explain the details. I couldn't and didn't want to believe that I was the creator of the world.

This is a place I do not know. It is a house built by others on the ground I have cleared. I know the foundation, but the finished world is a place I don't know.

"The information about the Black Order and Cantus Magna is just stuff I already knew. You know, there's no reason or way for me to know that stuff."

"Lower....... I don't understand what you're saying. Are you saying, Mr. Zhao, that you're a person from the future?"

"Not quite, but it's close."

I'm pretty sure that's what they mean when they say "peepers. Elise looked like she was convinced there was something really wrong with my head.

"You won't believe it, you won't believe it, but hear me out."

It's too long a story to answer every single question that comes to mind as she listens to me. For now, she is silent at my words.

"There's not a lot we can prove. What matters is that in two years, warp gates on every continent are going to be connected to the Otherworld, and a lot of people are going to die because of it."

"I've come up with my own name for it, 'The Gate Crisis,' and I don't know the exact reason it's happening. But I do know that if we leave it alone, it's going to kill a billion humans."

"The only thing I can think of right now that could do that is magic, and I'm trying to get a clue from magic. It could be the Black Order or the Cantus Magna, or some other magical organization, and I'm trying to contact them because they might know the solution."

"I'm expanding my power now, so that if things get out of hand later, I might have to put in a precipitation that destroys the warp gates of an entire continent."

"There's a lot more I could do. Because in the end, I need to be able to do a lot of things."

"Yeah, I know, it's hard to believe, and you're probably wondering why the hell I know that."

"Okay, now ask."

I'm not free.

Therefore, she needs to be moved instead. Elyse can use teleportation.

It's the only thing around me that can carry out my most important instructions immediately and accurately.

She must either believe that I am very much out of my mind, or that I am telling the truth. Eleris was silent for a very long time.

"All of a sudden you said this to me....... I didn't know what to do......."

In the end, she didn't seem to believe me.

"Yeah, you can't trust me, but I want you to know that I'm not wishing for war or the end of the world."

It was more likely to be disbelief.

With the Orbis class gone, I can't even point to the minutiae of the Temple as evidence.

But I do know a few things about the future that are certain.

"You made a club, remember?"

"Yes, he founded a magical society and is even the president......."

"Something amazing is about to be made there."

"......!"

Eleris had told me about the Magical Research Society beforehand. I was surprised that she was president without knowing magic.

And I'd already heard about the stuff they were going to build there. Like everyone else, Elise was negative.

That's why Eleris told me about the manifestation of magic using atmospheric mana.

"No way......."

"Yeah, I knew they were going to make that stuff, that's why I had them make it ahead of time."

Power Cartridge and Moonshine.

If those two objects were made by students, she would have some faith that I knew the future.

"Also, the future has changed so much, I don't know what's going to happen......."

Another solid future.

"Alsbringer will choose a master, and that master is my classmate, Ludwig."

Ludwig. This is the first time Eleris has heard the name Ludwig in her life.

"Ellen....... Are you saying that's not her?"

"Uh."

Knowing about Ellen's identity, Eleris naturally couldn't believe that if the next owner of Alsbringer was to be found, it wouldn't be Ellen.

"Time will tell if I really know the future or not."

You may not believe it now, but I'm sure she'll agree with me when she sees what I'm saying come to fruition.

Eleris seemed to sense something in my uncanny confidence.

That what I'm saying is true, or at least that I'm not in a lying mood.

"I don't know if you're a trustee or something, but....... but I'm not sure I can believe it for now......."

"That's exactly how I thought you'd react, which is why I didn't tell you until now. I'd be looked at like a crazy person."

"......."

I don't know how long it will take for the future to come. But she will wait until she sees that my words are true.

Soon, or at least until then, it will be my ally.

"You telling me this means....... It must mean I have a role to play after all."

Eleris looks at me with determination in her eyes.

"What do I need to do?"

She didn't seem intent on turning away from me for now.

"Don't get me wrong, listen."

"Yes."

Here's the kicker.

"We need to rebuild the demon world."

"......neh?!"

Eleris made an uncharacteristically new sound.

After saying that she wouldn't dream of rebuilding the Demon Realm, the sudden sound of rebuilding the Demon Realm caused Eleris to be stunned.

It was more than just bringing the whole story full circle. Eleris looked at me, startled, and then stared back.

He looks at me like I said all those crazy things to get to this point.

"Technically, we're not rebuilding the Demon Realm, but we need to make the humans believe that the Demon Realm has been rebuilt."

"I don't know what you mean....... I'm not sure."

"Now that Ragan Artorius is dead, if word gets out that the Demon Realm has been rebuilt, the humans will panic, right?"

"......Yes."

This was the reaction of a young senior, Redina, the other day.

If Artorius dies and the demon is resurrected, who the hell is going to kill it?

Fear of the Devil.

In the absence of Artorius, the only real opponent, the devil has returned.

Humans panic.

"We don't have much time. Only two years. No, not even two years."

At the beginning of the first semester of the third year, the gate crisis erupts.

It's not two years, it's a year and a bit.

"If we don't fix what's causing the gates in those two years, we're going to have to do the next best thing and smash all the warp gates on the entire continent, which might cause something else to happen, but we'll have to do it for now."

"......I don't think you can do that."

"Right."

It's impossible to break all the warp gates on a continent in one fell swoop. Unless I become the Empire itself.

But I can't be the empire itself, but I can be its arch-enemy.

Becoming someone's enemy means gaining influence over them.

"If we make them believe that a demonic force is invading the lands of men through a warp gate, what do you think will happen?"

Elise's eyes widened at my words.

"By ourselves....... I'm going to seal the warp gate....... Is that what you're saying?"

"It will do that, if not destroy it. Even if we don't destroy it, we'll do enough to defend it."

It won't solve everything, but it will mitigate the initial damage considerably.

"That's why it's insurance, just in case. So we don't have to rebuild the Demon World for real. Just enough to keep the humans on their toes. Just enough to make them realize that it's happening here and there, and when it comes down to it, I'm going to step up, or someone else is going to step up, and we're going to raid their land through the warp gate."

It won't be demons that actually come out, but otherworldly monsters, but that's probably a good thing. Humans will be prepared.

This is a backup plan in case I don't accomplish anything in the end. Humans must believe that the Demon Realm is being reorganized, and they must fear it.

Eleris looks at me with a stony expression.

"That role is....... Are you saying I should take that role?"

"Yeah."

Sarkegaard and Loyaar have a job to do here.

Eleris, however, was not given a job. As a wizard, her mobility is unparalleled, as she can move from continent to continent in an instant.

The rebuilding of the Demon Realm should be left to those who want it least. Of course, it's not really rebuilding, it's just an ulterior motive under the guise of rebuilding.

I think Elise knew she was going to do this somehow.

"......Yes. Degradation."

Elise also.

He looked like he was accepting a fate he couldn't fight.

"Great, but all of this would be....... false."

If all this is just a lie, will you kill me?

"I'm....... I'm going to be very sad."

Even when she didn't know whether or not to trust me, it seemed like she couldn't choose between hating me or harming me in the end.

When she first saw me on the ecliptic, she looked like she was going to kill me.

Maybe it was just my imagination.

Eleris seemed like someone who couldn't do a hair's breadth of harm to my body.

The big story was over, but there was still more to tell.

"But....... Speaking of rebuilding the Demon Realm, what on earth should I do and how should I start......."

Rumors spread through the human world that the rebuilding of the Demon Realm has begun.

That meant something had to be done, but Elise didn't seem to have a clue.

"The demonic core has been decimated, and I told you, some of them don't get it."

"Oh....... Yes."

Demonic forces on the fringes who have not answered the call.

"Let's eat them first."

You must actually have power. Even if it's just a sham of a reconstruction, you must have power itself. You must subjugate the demonic forces that still exist and crush them underfoot.

That first batter.

"Vampire Council."

"......Yes?"

Something that wasn't even a demonic force in the first place.

"Round them up."

I'm going to have that first.

"Lock the door, point the holy sword at the mother tree, make a blood oath or something."

"!"

I don't know if I can crush the pride of a long-lived vampire, but maybe a holy sword can force their closed minds open?

It's the best weapon on earth for undead only, and Elysse would get a kick out of Tiamata.

History proves it.

There's nothing like violence to open a closed door.





Episode 260.





I don't know if Elise believes that I know the future.

But Eleris has the most important job to do, so she has no choice but to share her most important secret.

Time will tell if what I say is true.

It seemed to convince him that I was trying to make contact with a magical coven, and that I was weird.

This made me feel more comfortable discussing the details with Elise.

It prevents a really big crisis in the future.

With that premise in place, there's nothing to say.

But problem.

"......Don't know?"

"It is."

"Didn't you say you know the future?"

"I don't know everything, there's more I don't know."

"No, but you're right, I'm not going to lie to the Black Order!"

Elise exclaimed in disbelief.

Uh, how come.......

I feel like I'm getting yelled at by my mom for having an accident.......

"All I know is that Aaron Mede is a member of the Black Order, not that I know where to find them, and I'm just throwing it out there because I don't think I'll ever get involved with them if I miss it."

"Hah....... Maybe....... Then of course you don't know much about cantus magna, do you?"

"It is."

"Hah......."

As I was writing, I realized that this is a very long post.

When you start a long-running series, there are certain things that you can't control because human memory is limited and your abilities are limited.

You forget the rice cakes you sowed.

It becomes untouchable and you can't collect rice cakes at all.

The Magic Coven are those 'unclaimed' rice cakes for me. It's not that I've forgotten, but I'm afraid it's gotten too big for me, so I've forgotten ah....... that I don't know what to do with.

A product of my own irresponsibility.

The Black Order makes one appearance in Aaron Mede's Gun, and there's a mention of the Sobriety Hunters, but that's about it.

I wrote about them in a way that made me feel like they were great, and I had the setup in my head, but it never came out. When the whole Gate thing blew up, all the little things got sucked up or forgotten.

They never talked about what they did during the Gate debacle.

The only thing that sticks in my mind is what I had in mind when I set up the magic circle.

The Magical Order acts and operates by its own standards, independent of the morals of the world. This is as true of the Black Order as it is of the Sobriety Hunters, the Cantus Magna.

The Black Order has only made one appearance.

Cantus Magna is mentioned, but not shown.

At the end of the day, this is my cheap shit, so I have to jump in and figure it out somehow.

If the gate debacle was caused by the Covenant, you should definitely know about them.

The problem now is that I've pretended to have information that would appeal to the Black Order, but I don't have any.

So she's looking at me pathetically once she's done it.

"Um, ....... I don't know much about Cantus Magna, but I know how to get to them."

"Is there a way to do that?"

a.

But if I say this again.

I'm going to get in trouble for this.......

No, but it's not complicated, it's super easy.

It's hard to beat that.

"They're bounty hunters, those guys."

"Yes."

"Then, of course, you're going to use the forbidden word, right?"

"......."

Eleris's expression turned sour. It feels similar to the way Ellen sometimes glares at me with a cheap look.

It's kind of cool, though, because Ellen's the one with the expressionless face, and that's what Elise, who's always smiling, looks like.

Real.

I feel a sense of crisis.

To call in a sobriety hunter, you can use forbidden magic.

I mean, it makes sense!

"Do I really want this burn!"

Elise eventually screeched and grabbed my head.

-Bam!

"Eek!"

"What did I do......!"

He was surprised at himself for what he had done, so he patted me on the head and apologized.

My suggestion to use sobriety to invoke the cantus magna was rightly dismissed.

"Elise, calm down and think about it. After all, if the Black Order finds out I lied to you, you'll end up fighting them anyway, right?"

"It's loud!"

Eleris sighed in frustration.

"The council might know something. We'll look there for clues for now, there are some families with deep ties to Inse."

"Really?"

"A vampire who lives long enough inevitably becomes a wizard. For there is nothing like hard study to appease the freeing of time."

Let's set aside the very risky method and take a cue from the Vampire Council.

For now, my next move would be determined there. It would be crucial to determine whether or not I could bring them under my control.



* * *



Aside from life in the Temple, I've given Elise instructions on what to do outside.

We don't have a lead on the Black Order yet, but it's highly unlikely we'll be fighting them. If they do, I might use alcohol to call them out. If the Black Order doesn't use that method, well, they'll have their own reasons.

Aaron Mede's job has been put on hold, and he's sharing his only secret with Elise.

Issue.

"......."

"You know, you guys are kind of obvious, right?"

"What."

We're quietly eating breakfast and Riana is chewing the tines of her fork through her teeth, alternately looking at me and Ellen.

"Did you fight or not?"

"No? And or what?"

"I didn't fight."

But the look on everyone's face says, "We fought.

"They don't talk much anyway, but I can see if they've been fighting or not."

Adelia giggled at Riana's comment and scratched her head. It's probably because she thinks I'm going to lose my shit if she says anything.

After the last incident, Ellen and I became strangely silent, as if we hadn't had a subtle fight.

Ellen was mad at me, and I was mad at her.

They do it because they care about each other, but the end result is that they only make each other worse.

What to say.

Temples externally and internally.

My head was spinning.

It's not just Ellen. Riana asked, this time looking to the side.

"And what's up with you lately?"

"......No, it's okay."

Herriot shook his head in dismay as he woke up.

Herriot was suffering from something akin to PTSD due to the traumatic sights he saw at Aaron Mede's mansion.

Herriot didn't do the fighting himself. Ellen took care of the anti-magic field.

However, I've seen humans being controlled by homunculi who have fallen victim to my anti-magic spells.

It wasn't murder, but Herriot seemed to think it was.

And the horrible chimeras I saw in the underground workshop.

That would be a direct source of trauma. I didn't see it because I didn't go in, but it seemed like something Ellen didn't want to think about ever again.

It's inevitable.

I had nightmares for a while after seeing a zombie horde, too.

In a way, it's a good thing Harriet grew up with nightmares and trauma from what she saw. No, I'm glad she's able to live a normal life.

What happened there was a secret, and very few people knew about it.

So, except for Bertus, no one knew why we looked the way we did.

"Do you want to cheer yourself up?"

I can't stand to see this happen again," Riana said, her voice rising in tension.

"I hear there are lots of fall flowers along the Irene River. Let's go see them after class."

If we didn't go, they would give us an electric massage with a big smile on their face, so we nodded, even though they didn't seem to like it.



* * *



After class, myself, Ellen, Harriet, Liana, and Adelia left the Temple.

Ellen walked some distance away from me, and Herriot stayed with Adelia.

Naturally, Riana and I were leading the way.

"Hey, how'd that work out for you?"

"......Roughly."

Riana is a weird one, because she seems to have it all figured out, and then she doesn't.

"I think that's why it looks like this again......."

He's also assuming that it happened somewhere he doesn't know about, but he doesn't ask.

And then, out of nowhere, flowers.

I don't have a hobby for that. Come to think of it, I don't think Ellen or Adelia would have anything to do with flowers, except maybe dabbling in magic, though I'm sure Harriet lived in a palace with a garden.

I don't think Ellen will be much different.

"Do you like flowers?"

Riana shook her head at my question.

"Not really, unless it's clothes."

After all, he's trying to cheer himself up, and he's clearly not interested in the flowers themselves.

I wonder who this is for.



* * *



Come here, Daeha.

Namely, along the Han River in Seoul, Korea, called the Zodiac Gradient.

The Rotary Club used to stop by when they were here, but not much has happened since the headquarters moved.

Autumn flowers bloomed everywhere, and many people took a walk. The world after the Demon King's death. A peaceful world.

I see people there enjoying the flowers without a care in the world.

We were one of them.

Everyone had come to see the flowers without much thought, and Riana was no different.

But we were there, so we walked the trails and watched the flowers bloom.

Riana grabbed my arm and pointed to a type of flower that was everywhere.

The most blooming flower.

"What kind of flower is that?"

"It's Cosmos."

"......what. Why do you know?"

"No....... It's common sense."

Cosmos doesn't know what he's talking about, and you want to go flower watching?

But Riana wasn't the only one who noticed. The way they looked at me seemed to have changed.

All of a sudden, this is where the otherworldly stuff happens.

"You guys didn't know either?"

Adelia scratched her cheek at my question.

"It's not that I don't know it's Cosmos......."

"......Is the very fact that I know flowers a mystery?"

Ellen, Harriet, Adelia, and Riana all nodded.

Then yes.

It's amazing that a gachaban like me knows the name of a flower, no matter how common it is.

Sickness.

I don't really care, but I do know enough to get by.

Of course, I've also done the foolish thing of memorizing flowers and flower words in an attempt to expand my vocabulary. It didn't help my writing at all.

However, I did manage to memorize the common flowers and the flower names of some of them.

For those flowers that everyone else knows about.

"Hey, what's that?"

"Chrysanthemum."

"That one?"

"......that's a chrysanthemum."

"They're different colors, that one is white and that one is yellow."

"Oh bitter, don't you know that red roses and white roses are both roses, are you really this ignorant?"

"Oh, right. They do look the same."

It's not a big deal, but people look at me like I'm crazy.

What the hell is I in your heads?

I don't think I need to ask, but for some reason Riana asked me if that sounded funny when the unnamed flower was in bloom.

Even as I picked up the names of these flowers, there were still many I didn't recognize.

There were many flowers that I wasn't sure if they were unique to this world, or if they were in the original world but I just didn't know the name.

In the end, I didn't know everything. Of course, there was always more we didn't know.

But as the sun was setting. The looks on everyone's faces got a little weird.

The looks on their faces were like they had never seen a different side of me before.

"Oh, really, what's the big deal, is it so amazing that I know so much about flowers?"

"Of course."

Riana speaks for herself.

"You know, the more I look at you, the more I don't get it."

In the end, the different version of me didn't seem to be a bad thing.

Harriet was blushing, though she didn't know why.

You guys, I think this misunderstanding has gotten out of hand.

Let's set the tone.

"But I'm a flower girl, which is kind of weird."

"Why?"

Everyone was curious to see what it would sound like this time.

"Aren't flowers technically the genitals of plants?"

Technically, it's pistils and surgery.

"Don't you think it's kind of funny that we gather like this to look at genitalia?"

"ah......."

"......."

"......."

"You're a nutcase after all."

You've successfully set the tone.



* * *



I don't know if I really felt better after that one flower viewing. We all turned to leave, but Ellen grabbed me.

"A little."

"......?"

Ellen winks at me.

"Let's stay a little longer."

She wanted to be alone. Everyone was like, "If you want to do it, do it.

As if they thought we should be left alone to talk, even if it was because of a misunderstanding, not because we were fighting. Everyone left us alone without another word.

It was a fall evening, just after sunset.

We sat at the foot of the stairs, close to the Irine River.

"......."

"......."

We were angry at each other.

I will dabble in more dangerous things, most of which I can't even tell Ellen about. I don't even want to ask for help.

It's too risky.

I don't want Ellen to know anything about what I'm going to do, and if she does, it won't be that I'm doing something dangerous, but that she'll know my secret.

If that happens, I don't know what happens after that.

I didn't want to imagine it.

"I think it's weird."

Ellen said as she finished.

"What."

"If someone is important to you, you should say nice things, do nice things, and be nice to them."

"......."

"I think it's more like if you care about someone too much, you're going to say things you don't like about them, and you're going to hurt them."

Ellen stays still, watching the calm surface of the river with its red ripples.

"It's stupid."

"......Yes."

Foolishly, I tossed a rock into the river. I watched it sink below the surface in small ripples.

Under a searing fall sunset.





"I'm sorry."

"Me too. I'm sorry."

We apologized to each other.

Ellen leaned her head toward me.

It's been a while since I've done that.

"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

"Aaron Mede, you didn't kill him."

"......."

Ellen already knew.

I can't help but notice.

It's a lie, but Aaron Mede's head exploded and he died. There is no way I could have left such a scar.

You may have hidden the body, but Ellen could have seen it.

"Uh."

Ellen didn't ask any questions.

"When you become Swordmaster, will you tell me your secret?"

"......."

I couldn't tell you if I was more than a Swordmaster.

I had no answer.

There comes a moment when Ellen learns my secret.

It felt like an inevitability now.

It seemed like we could avoid the gate, but not by much.





Episode 261.





I didn't make peace with Ellen. We weren't even fighting in the first place.

We exchanged some unspoken hurt, and we ended up apologizing to each other for it.

Herriot's problems remained.

That night, I summoned Harriet to the teatime terrace where Bertus and I would occasionally chat.

"It's okay, I'm getting better."

When I asked her if she was okay, she forced a smile and said, "I'm not. You just have to get through it. It's a different kind of horror than seeing a dead body.

"I just don't get it, I don't see why I would have to do such a terrible thing."

Magic, by its very nature, makes the impossible possible. But I don't see why it should have to do anything as bizarre as mixing races or creating life.

Harriet has a bad complexion, but it's getting better. Still, she seems to be getting better, so she drinks some black tea.

"With Ellen?"

"Well said, in moderation."

"Good."

Herriot smiled wryly.

"You said you fought a horde of zombies in ......Darklands."

"I did."

"If it's so hard for me to watch something like that, how hard must it be for you and Ellen?"

We've fought terrible things ourselves, and Ellen is the one who dealt with the Chimera.

Herriot was having a hard time even seeing the traces of the fight.

I wanted to tell her that this was a different kind of worry, but she seemed to be thinking about her own weakness in this moment of struggle.

"Without you, Ellen would be dead."

"......All I did was use a single scroll."

"But that doesn't make me wrong."

Herriot stares at me.

Without Herriot, Ellen might not have chosen to fight right then and there. But once she chose to fight, Herriot's role was essential.

It doesn't matter how insignificant you think it was to you, it still made a difference.

"More, harder."

Herriot says, looking out into the dark fall night.

"You're already working hard."

Herriot sees me.

"Still, you could try a little harder."

I'm not sure since when.

There was a hint of sadness in all of Herriot's laughter.

"On vacation, I'll be here."

Magic Society activities.

Herriot seemed intent on continuing his research there rather than returning home.

Herriot's expression showed a desire for strength. This time, she felt something in the sight of Ellen fighting back.

I'm the only one who thinks I don't have time.

I wonder if it's my influence.

Ellen and Harriet were fidgeting.



* * *



I need to get information from the Magic Covenant. I must also use my status as the Last Demon to my advantage when the inevitable happens.

You should at least fake your way to the next Demon King. The heir to the realm of nothing is good game, not something to be feared.

People need to know that the next devil exists.

This requires a minimal amount of force.

Vampire Council.

I'm going to crush them under my feet against their will.

But I don't know whether the old vampires will fear the holy sword or me.

The Lord Vampires seem to be almost all mages, and it's possible that we'll get some clues about the Magic Covenant from them.

The Black Order is supposed to approach me, and I'm supposed to give them information about Cantus Magna, but I don't expect them to approach in the near future.

And they may have blown Aaron Mede's head off, but they're not going to kill me for giving them false information.

You already know I'm a badass with a road vampire as my minion.

There's no way they're going to rat me out to the Empire. It's like a bad guy snitching on a bad guy.

So.

There's still time before the Vampire Council convenes.

Finals are coming up.

After finals, there will be festivals, and after those festivals, there will be winter break.

The busier you are, the harder it is to feel the seasons, and that's exactly what I did.

The short fall is coming to an end.

It's not because I'm busy, it's just the way fall and spring are.

It's that time of year again, and before you know it, it's gone.

-Sarak

The sound of crunching leaves could be heard across the campus.

"What is this."

I brushed a fallen leaf from Ellen's hair. He stood still, his back to the dorm entrance.

There's a big leaf sitting there like a hat, and he doesn't care. Ellen was staring at me, whether she should or not.

Not me, to be precise, but the person next to me.

"You have that look on your face when you see your sister?"

"......what."

He's glaring at Olivia Ranze.

"Do you have a problem with me?"

"No."

"Do you hate it so much that I'm like Reinhardt and all that?"

"Oh, what are you talking about, if you're going to talk bullshit, go away!"

On her way back from running errands with Olivia Ranze, Ellen ran into her in front of her dorm. Olivia's eyes widen as she sees Ellen, who is giving her a fat and somewhat hostile stare.

I've run into Olivia a few times lately when she's running errands.

Ellen and Olivia have a very bad relationship.

By the way.......

The thing about bad relationships is that there is such a thing as a relationship.

Did you two even realize there was such a thing in the first place, I'm not sure?

"You wouldn't even be next to Reinhardt if I were five years younger, because I can teach you all sorts of things."

At Olivia's comment, one corner of Ellen's mouth quirked up.

What is.

I've never seen him look like this before.

With an obvious sneer, Ellen spits it out.

"It must be nice to be older."

"Hey, hey, hey! I'm only twenty-two! I'm young! I'm in my prime!"

"After all, you're older than me and Reinhardt, by five years."

"Hey, profit, Reinhardt, can I hit him?"

Olivia looked at me with a grimace as if she'd finally lost the match.

"......Why are you asking my permission to do that?"

"Look at me."

Ellen cocked her head confidently.

Ellen.......

Come on, you. You're not like this!





Olivia scowled and turned her head away.

"Heh, she's just putting up with it because she hates violence, you know!"

Olivia stuck her tongue out and disappeared back into the dorm.

Him.

That's good. That's really good.

Sometimes she picks out things I hate so much I want to punch her. Ellen glanced at Olivia, who was walking away, then turned to me.

"Can't you just not be friends with him?"

"...... Come on."

"No. That person."

Ellen was furious as hell.

"Why, what happened?"

"I don't know. I hate it. It sucks."

It was the first time I'd ever heard Ellen express her emotions so openly.

"That....... He's helped me with a lot of things and....... I still have some things I need to do that I can't help but......."

"......Is this important?"

"Uh, a lot."

I know it's not good for people to see Olivia Lanchester flirting with me, but it's really necessary, so I couldn't help myself this time.

When I told her there was nothing she could do about it, she looked very uncomfortable.

"Make it clear."

"Nothing....... what......."

"He keeps doing that because you're not being firm."

Ellen's anger is directed at me this time. I feel my body freeze under his cold gaze.

"Or, he's doing this, okay?"

"No, not at all. No, no. Not good."

"I think you like it, you're just pretending you don't."

"No, I don't want to, I really don't want to!"

What it is.

This is.......

Why do you sound like you're scolding a boyfriend who can't manage his girlfriend?

It's a weird situation and I don't know what to say.

What are you?

I felt like I was going to get my tongue cut out or my head cut off if I said anything close to that.

It's really fucking scary.

"Then don't let me."

"Uh....... Yeah......."

Eventually, I responded like a boyfriend who couldn't manage his girlfriend.



* * *



Too much to do.

If everything about gates is "work," then I had a lot of work to do.

Dealing with interpersonal issues was also a headache.

As a result, academics took a back seat.

Last place is dangerous, so I'm not going to do it on purpose this time, but last place is a lock.

"So I'm asking you to restrain yourself."

"Hmm, is it wrong to show affection?"

When I finally told Olivia what Ellen had told me to do, Olivia was in the middle of a pouting, huffing, puffing fit.

"...... Seriously, you make it sound like I promised you something, and I have no intention of marrying you!"

Olivia's jaw dropped and her complexion turned white at my sentiment.

"Not....... really......?"

"Why are you panicking!"

I really like you, but didn't I keep telling you that I'm not interested in that kind of thing?

"I thought....... I thought I was bouncing......."

"Oh, I'm dizzy......."

"Well, if it's not now, maybe she'll like me in the future?"

Olivia's dazzling smile was enough to make my head spin.

It doesn't make sense.

"Chet, when you take advantage of me and don't see this, you get really pissed off, and you don't realize how scary that is?"

Olivia has a point.

I've gotten to the point where I'm at a loss for words when I'm asked if I can't use it whenever I need it.

That's how I use it now.

"Do you really like him that much that you'd be that nasty to your sister?"

"That's not the problem."

"If it's not that?"

Olivia's face suddenly hardened, and she started to say something, but stopped.

"Let me tell you something. Did he do something wrong to me, there's no such thing."

Olivia was serious now.

"But I hate her, and I can't help it. Don't tell me not to hate her, don't bully her, don't argue with her. You know?"

Olivia looks at me, biting her lip slightly.

"The more you say that, the more I hate her for no reason."

-Bang!

With that, Olivia slammed the door on the visit.

Why.

I.

It's creepy, but it's all in the name of saving the world.

Why do we have to go through this.......



* * *



"I hate him too."

Herriot nodded in agreement.

"Well, but....... He was such a nice guy before this......."

At Adelia's words, Riana shook her head.

"Well, she's a bitch."

"X years......?"

Adelia seemed fed up with Riana's hyperbole.

-Omnomnomnom

Ellen, the one who brought it up and suggested we go out for dinner, ordered five entrees and ate them all.

This was a little different than usual.

For some reason, I have a strong feeling that I'm eating to relieve stress because I'm angry.

When Riana asks him if he looks bad, he says that he doesn't like Olivia Ranze, the girl who goes to school with Reinhardt.

At this moment, for the first time in her life, Ellen is talking back.

Herriot agreed, Adelia wasn't sure, and Riana said X years.

"Well, Reinhardt's an asshole, so maybe they're kind of a good match?"

Ellen and Harriet glared at Riana at her cheerful words.

"Why or why not?"

"......."

"......."

"Lee, Riana......."

"Why?"

Liana de Granz is blind to the oddities.

Riana ordered a cheese salad, saying she wasn't really hungry.

"She's kind of weirdly flirtatious. Reinhardt says he doesn't like her, but he can't hit on her, so maybe she's interested....... Oh, no. Why am I getting chills, has it gotten that cold?"

Riana shivered at the sudden chill in the air as she continued to speak nonchalantly. Of course, Riana didn't realize it was Ellen's gaze.

"I don't know about anything else, but he's kind of an asshole. He knows you're pretty and he just goes for it. It's not cool."

All four of us have nothing to say about that.

Olivia Ranze.

The title of Saint of Eredian had long since faded, but that didn't change the fact that she was a striking figure wherever she went. Even Reinhardt, as much as he hates it, has seen her get genuinely flustered and blush on occasion.

Watching him cling to Reinhardt so tightly was enough to make even the most unthinking person feel a little uncomfortable.

You're talking out of your ass.

It's natural to think about this.

"So what. What do you want to do?"

"I don't know what I want to do with ......, I just don't like it, and I don't need to see it."

Ellen said, and focused on eating.

I'm always a binge eater, but today I feel like I have to admit that I'm a stress binge eater.

"She's trying to get at you?"

"Yes."

I don't know if I can keep her still, but Olivia scratches unnecessarily when she sees Ellen coming and going.

It's not just recent, it's been around for a while.

Since the last sponsorship, I've been scratching my head every time I see it.

Since we're in the same dorm, we're bound to run into each other from time to time.

"Oh, how are you, Reinhardt's friend?

"Take care of my Reinhardt!

"You can't be too friendly with Reinhardt, you know why?

'Well, you're pretty now, but not as pretty as your sister.'

"I hear you're a good fighter, but don't bully our Reinhardt too much.

'Sorry, my sister is a competitor. That's too bad.'

"Oh, are you mad? Are you mad? Are you mad? If you hit me, I'm going to tell Reinhardt. Are you okay?

Ellen grabbed her fork as she ate.

The more I think about it.

Pissed off.

-Kuuuuuk

Everyone watched, wide-eyed, as the fork bent.

But eventually.

Ellen isn't the type of person to do harm if she doesn't like someone.

It wasn't much different with Herriot, who Olivia didn't like.

In the case of Herriot, this used to be the case, but no longer is.

"Well, ....... But she's kind of obscure."

"What?"

At Adelia's retort, Riana shrugged.

"I'm sure you came in as a divinity major, but if you gave up your faith, what are you graduating as? It would be weird to graduate as a divinity major."

At that point, everyone's faces went blank.

"Sure."

There's no reason to worry about the graduation of someone you don't like, but we're all curious.

How does Olivia Ranze plan to graduate?

"I don't know."

Ellen crunched through five menus in a flash, then took a sip of water and her eyes lit up.

"If you keep doing that, I'm not going to put up with it."

"He, he....... Patience, Ellen......."

Harriet secretly wanted Ellen to do something, but she stopped her for now, fearing something terrible would happen.





Episode 262.





Ellen and Olivia's relationship is a problem, but I have my hands in more dangerous things than that, and I don't have time to worry about it.

The things I've done are enough to make my head spin, but the things that have come out of them are things I should have known about, even if I couldn't do anything about them.

I had left it to Sarkegar to investigate the workings of the Orbis class, even though it wasn't directly related to me.

The last scribe's advice was not a trap.

It was more of a clue than a trap.

Your assassination tells you that the person you suspect didn't do it, but it also tells you that something else is going on.

I was in my room, facing Sarkegar, who had come to see me late at night.

After the Aaron Mede incident, there was no indication that Sarkegaard was not listening to instructions or was up to no good.

He just looked at me and looked very sad.

The fact that there was someone I cared about enough to put my life on the line, and that person was Chulcheon Ji-soo's brother, made it even more so.

It was like he wanted to do something, but he couldn't do anything.

But that didn't stop me from doing my job, and I didn't mention Ellen's case. I knew it would only get on my nerves.

Anyway.

Sarkegaard was investigating what happened after the Orbis class was closed.

To be precise, something involving Oscar de Gradias.

"It's a revolution."

After hearing that simple piece of information, I felt like my head was spinning.

The Orbis class, who must prove everything by ability alone, regardless of status.

A place that instills the idea that you can surpass anything with hard work.

It would be strange if they didn't dream of revolution.

"So, getting the class kicked out for misbehavior was a smokescreen to keep you from being investigated further."

"It appears so."

I didn't just stupidly offend the imperial family, I did it on purpose.

To keep truths that shouldn't be known below the surface.



[Event Complete - Revolutionary Forces].

[Earned 300 achievement points].



And there it is, the event you forgot about.

Charlotte thought it was odd that the Temple didn't have a revolutionary faction, and while I didn't do much research on that, I ended up finding out about it in the wrong place at the wrong time.

The Orbis class was the revolutionary force, not some of them, but most of them.

They didn't assassinate me or retaliate against me because it would be dangerous for them to do so now, when they should be restraining their movements as much as possible.

"The Orbis class appears to have been infiltrated by revolutionary forces for a very long time."

It is the cradle of revolutionary forces.

They've been picking and choosing and secretly recruiting those they think will be sympathetic to their cause.

When they graduate?

The Orbis class is just as important, if not more so, than the Royal class.

Whether it's an empire, an empire, or a territory, they're probably sitting in an important group or position that recognizes their abilities.

"How big?"

"I don't know, I didn't see their meeting, I just inferred it from conversations with people who were clearly members of the organization."

I didn't have a lot of time to investigate, so I'll excuse the lack of detail.

"However, it is clear that the loss of the Orbis class, a key talent generator for the Republican Party, will accelerate the point at which they take action."

"Yeah, that Oscar guy didn't like you for nothing......."

Oscar de Gradias is a member of the revolutionary organization. He will continue to pass imperial information to the organization.

He knew what would happen if there was a major investigation into the Orbis class.

In the original story, the revolutionary forces do not appear.

I mean, it was there, but when the Gate debacle happened, it all got swallowed up in the chaos.

The revolutionary forces had been breeding republicans for a long time after the Orbis class took control.

Of the guys who came to the sponsorship meeting, it's likely that many of the guys sponsoring the Orbis class were Republicans.

Sarkegaard looks at me and says, "Where does it start and where does it end?

"Degradation, take advantage of them."

I knew Sarkozy would say something like this.

"Use them to wreak havoc on the Empire. Destroy both the revolutionary forces and the Empire."

Yes.

If I'm going to be the devil, there's no time like the present.

But I don't care about that.

Revolutionary forces and imperial battles wreak havoc on the Empire.

And that's where the gate bursts open.

......Well, that's a perfect situation for the end of the world.

It just popped up.

It was like hitting the end of the world button.

No, how the hell am I supposed to deduce this?

Butterfly effect.

I shuddered at the words.

There's only one thing I need to do.

I don't think about revolutions.

First, we need to stop the revolution.

Isn't that the position I'm supposed to be in?

It was beyond ridiculous.

Sarkegaard realized this was a golden opportunity.

"Do some more research. Find out how big they are, where they are, who their leaders are, everything. If necessary, you may join their forces."

"Yes, degradation."

We need to know how big they are so we can take action.

Sorry, but we can't do what Sarkozy intended.

Sarkegar smiled happily, oblivious to my inner thoughts.

There is definitely a revolutionary force. And it will be large.

But I couldn't touch them. If we start hacking away at the branches, they'll be cornered and they'll start to react.

If you do, you'll end up with a mess because you messed up.

I didn't realize that one fight would have such consequences, but from now on, anything I do will have a huge ripple effect.

You have to be careful and careful again.

For now, Sarkegar was left to gather information.

I felt like I was trying to figure out what to do with a nuclear bomb that would explode if I mishandled it.

Killing them all is a bad idea, whether it's possible or not.

The best thing to do is to wait until at least next year when they start acting, which will be after the Gate debacle (or lack thereof).

So, assuming I've managed to keep the gates shut, I'm supposed to keep my eyes open for the revolutionary forces?

Even if I manage to stop the gate, is there an inevitable second round of Imperial Civil War waiting in the wings? Where do I stand in that?

It looked like it was going to spin.

It's a minefield everywhere you turn.

"......."

In front of me, Sarkeghar was happy to find a way to blow his nose without being touched, and I was having a headache in front of him.

This is what I mean when I say statue dreams.

"Okay, you can go."

"Yes, degradation."

Sarkegar is about to turn into a sparrow again.

It suddenly occurred to me as I watched the sparrow fly out of the open window, its back to me.

Sarkhegar will only be used by me.

In the end, I am doomed to be used by my unwillingness to rebuild the Demon Realm. I may be wrong in many ways, but the biggest wrong I do is to take advantage of her blind loyalty to the end.

"Sarkegar."

-tweet?

Sarkegar looked back at me and shook his head.

"Last time, I apologized."

-.......

I can't do anything for you, and I'll end up being a worse enemy of yours than Ragan Artorius.

At my selfish apology, Sarkegar stared at me in sparrow form.

-degrade.

"......."

-The gods serve degradation, not archdemons.

You can't help me because there's no Archdemon other than me, and I certainly meant it that way.

You serve me because there is no Archdemon besides me.

I said, something like that.

Then Sarkhegar tells me that I am serving the Age.

I wanted to bite my own tongue for saying that back then.

-Please keep that in mind.

They are not loyal to the Archdemon.

Does that mean you'll serve me even if I'm not an Archdemon? Why? What am I worth to you?

-From the time you made the decision to rescue the demonic prisoners held by the humans, every hair on your head to the last shred of your soul was already yours.

Not because it's an arcdemon.

Sarkegar recognized me as his lord from that moment on.

Seeing my guilty look, Sarkeghar, in his sparrow form, shook his head a few times.

-Sorry, now that I think about it, there's more.

As if he'd remembered something he couldn't say.

"......What is it?"

-Something else. Isn't it strange that the imperial family hasn't noticed this?

"......Yes."

So did Bertus, so did Charlotte, so did the Emperor.

I'm surprised the Imperials didn't recognize the problem. Of course, Sarkeghar's spy skills are excellent, but it's surprising that they didn't recognize the problem at all.

-Wondering if I'm just sitting on the sidelines....... I also did some research on their end.

"What is it?"

-We don't know the details, but it looks like there's a problem with the Imperials.

"What's wrong?"

-Rumor has it that someone died in the Empress Palace.

"......what?"

Something is going on inside the Empire.

I don't know if it's anything else, but it's the Empress Palace.

Speaking of which.......

I was completely distracted by the assassination attempt on my life.

For some time now, Charlotte has been attending school at the palace instead of in her dormitory.

I chalked it up to a lot of internal imperial business, but come to think of it, Bertus was still in his dormitory.

Charlotte's Palace.

That a person died there means.......

Does this mean that the emperor was unsuccessful in controlling the imperial succession?

What else is going on, no. What was going on?

Another complicated problem in a complicated situation.

The sparrow flew away, and I stood at the window, pondering the problem for a while.





Episode 263.





Revolutionary Forces is another one, and it's a completely different problem, so I didn't know where to spend my time.

Charlotte has been staying at the palace instead of her dormitory for a while now, but someone has died in the Empress's palace.

Sarkegaard said he learned about it during his espionage work, so most people probably don't know about it.

Does Bertus know this?

Bertus and I only share an integration class, but Charlotte and I share a psychic class.

Charlotte has no idea what she's doing because she's in a class by herself.

Where is the focus of the problem.

An assassination attempt on Charlotte? Or is it something else entirely?

I could see Charlotte.

But I couldn't read anything in Charlotte's expression.

If Sarkegar hadn't told me that, I would have assumed that Charlotte was fine.

Managing facial expressions is as natural to Bertus and Charlotte as breathing, which is why I never saw any concern, worry, or anxiety in Charlotte's expression.

Wednesday.

After the superpower class.

I caught up with Charlotte as she was heading back to the palace after class.

If I didn't know anything, I wouldn't know, but if I did know something, I couldn't let Charlotte go.

"Yes, Reinhard. Why?"

Charlotte shook her head as I casually slid in next to her.

What's wrong with you.

That's dangerous.

What can I say?

I didn't know what to say to break the ice. Because if you know it's dangerous, there's nothing you can say to the question of how you know.

I didn't know what to say in front of Charlotte's plain face.

So.

I grabbed Charlotte once, but I couldn't say anything, I was just staring at her face.

Eventually.

"Are you busy?"

I said that like I was some kind of manipulative bastard.

Charlotte stared at him for a long moment, then looked dumbfounded when he suddenly said that.

"......?"

"Are you busy?"

I don't know.

Fuck this!

Let's just call it a dump!

Charlotte smiled at the absurdity of it all.

"When you're not busy?"

"Play with me."

"......?"

Charlotte's lips twitched in disbelief.

"He....... He, uh....... um......."

Charlotte rolled her eyes in confusion and gave a short sigh.

He smiled gently.

"......I have a few minutes to spare, anytime."

It was a smile that looked even more slurred than usual.



* * *



We could share our concerns about the revolutionary forces, but for now, while that was urgent, Charlotte's safety was more pressing.

I'm not sure, but I think there's a high probability that Charlotte's life is in danger.

I don't know what else I could do if I knew that, but I didn't want to be in the dark.

We could at least talk about it.

Charlotte would consider me a friend, but her presence is a little more special to me than the word friend.

He was the first person to make me realize that I could risk my life to do something, and Charlotte's survival is the result of that.

So, I want to keep it.

The imperial court is noisy with internal problems, and Charlotte is involved.

That's why they don't realize that the Orbis class issue is actually a very dangerous thing that could lead to the overthrow of the empire.

Of course, it's entirely possible that this is all wrong, and that you're right.

The story Sarkegar heard about the death of a man in the Empress's palace may have been a rumor after all.

But, somehow, I feel strangely confident.

It's not going to happen.

Charlotte's eagerness to play, as if she'd decided to make a big deal out of it.

It gives you that confidence.

I didn't, and couldn't, get to the point.

Charlotte walked me out of the temple. She asked me to hang out, and she was heading somewhere, but what was she going to do?

I don't know about Bertus, but Charlotte didn't seem to have any fear of going outside unescorted.

If she's just walking down the street, I'm sure she'll get into trouble, but Charlotte didn't this time, although she was wearing a hoodie the last time we went out together.

"Don't people just recognize it?"

I don't think Charlotte's face is particularly recognizable.

He shrugged and showed me a bracelet.

"I just picked up a new artifact."

"What is it?"

"It's a cognitive disruption spell. It doesn't make you invisible, but it fades your presence, roughly speaking, so you're less likely to be seen unless you're deliberately approaching."

When I think I might be recognized and bothered, I activate the magic on my bracelet. Of course, since I'm a companion, I'm immune to cognitive impairment.

I thought it was a magical item for celebrities.

"So let's go."

Charlotte triggered the cognitive disruption and led me off somewhere. As if I could take a quick stroll with my classmate in my spare time before returning to the palace.

Upon arrival, I was left speechless.

"......."

"......Why?"

"Oh, no, nothing!"

Charlotte brought me to the shores of the Irine River.

I was here a few days ago with my kids!

But I knew it would disappoint Charlotte, so I didn't say anything about it. I don't know what's going on, but she's giving me her precious time, and she's going to be upset.

You can't trample on the empress's consideration like that. Charlotte looked at me and shook her head.

"Don't you like flowers?"

"I love it! Ugh! I love it!"

Charlotte smirks at me.

"You're lying. You say you like flowers? A dog walking by would laugh."

"Oh, well, maybe I'll like it, whatever!"

Charlotte saw the tension in my voice and patted my arm.

"What are you trying to get at?"

"......."

"He's a friend, be easy on him."

Charlotte said and walked ahead.

I don't know what your situation is, but I know it's serious.

Charlotte's facial expression management was excruciatingly thorough.



* * *



I'm being me, and Charlotte is being Charlotte.

But neither of us gave any indication of that.

So we acted like we were just out at a flower show.

It really wasn't that different.

Charlotte's reaction wasn't much different than the others. She was amazed that I recognized and named some of the flowers.

"What the hell do you guys think I am......."

"You're?"

"Oh, no."

It's funny that you only know about it on the level that everyone else knows about it.

But in some ways, Charlotte was different from the others.

Charlotte knew the name of every flower in the land. I was a little taken aback as she listed the names of flowers I had never heard of before.

"That's a dahlia."

"That's a geranium."

"A petunia. Isn't it pretty? I love seasonal flowers."

"That's a heliotrope."

"That's a big name."

"It smells amazing. Can you smell it?"

"Oh, no."

I recalled that a while back I had described flowers as the genitalia of plants, and I backed away, feeling a bit embarrassed.

Am I crazy?

Why am I thinking about this at this time?

Charlotte is smelling the flowers!

The last time they were here, no one was really interested in flowers. But when Charlotte saw a flower, she would stop and think it was pretty, and she would walk slowly to smell it.





"What do you know so much about?"

"Because I like it."

Charlotte smiles at me.

"If you like it, you get to know it well, and you want to know more."

"Is that why you studied?"

"No?"

Charlotte shook her head.

"It's just something that comes naturally to you."

I love flowers, so I naturally know a lot of flowers without studying them. It was a little strange to hear Charlotte say that.

And smiling like that.

If nothing else, I could tell that Charlotte was really enjoying herself right now. She may not have come here to have fun, but she was definitely enjoying this moment.

Charlotte wears a perfect mask, but what expression lurks beneath that mask I can't penetrate, but.......

I could tell that Charlotte's brightly smiling face was not a mask.

Charlotte loves flowers.

I'm sure it's likeable, but it felt weird to see that "likeability".

This is the first time you've seen it.

"Uh....... This is pretty. It's called....... What the hell. It doesn't say."

Sure enough, there was a flower I didn't recognize.

What does the garden of Charlotte's palace look like?

Suddenly, I was curious.

I realized that you probably have a well-maintained garden with tons of flowers that bloom in every season.

Where you come from is important, but so is who you come with.

I had obviously been here a few days before, but watching Charlotte stop and stare at the flowers, it was as if I had never been here before.

I can't help but stare at the flowers as Charlotte does.

You'll be able to name flowers you know and take a closer look at landscapes you've only seen in passing.

So this is the place.

Next to Charlotte on her flower walk, I could only offer a few comments, as I don't really enjoy flowers.

Just stay out of the way.

"Hmph....... The pansies are already blooming."

Charlotte squatted in front of a flower I recognized.

Charlotte knows her flowers.

If so, do you know anything else?

Luckily, I know the flower, not this one.

From what Charlotte says, it sounds like the flowers aren't all that different from the original world.

"Don't you know your flowers?"

"Flower language?"

"Isn't there such a thing as a flower?"

"Oh, you know."

But regardless of the answer, Charlotte shook her head.

"I don't like that."

"Why?"

"That's someone else's name tag."

Charlotte runs her fingertips across the wide petals of the pansies.

"A rose may say love, but to someone else it may be sadness."

Flowers should mean something to everyone.

That's why I hate flowery language.

Charlotte seemed to think so. Charlotte stared at Pansy for a moment, seemed to consider, and then picked up a fallen flower. It looked like someone had plucked it and thrown it away without taking it with them.

"Do you know the flower language for pansies?"

"How would I know that?"

"Well, it was already a passing grade at Reinhardt's level, I'd be surprised if you knew that."

Charlotte looked up at me, holding the flower.

"Do you want it or do you think it's garbage?"

"Even trash is a gift when you give it to me."

"You have a knack for saying such touching things and not making the listener feel moved at all. That's a skill."

As Charlotte said this, she handed me a pansy.

I don't know what Charlotte labeled her pansies in her mind, but she did.

You wouldn't have given it to me if I said I knew the flower language of Pansy.

I lied to Charlotte.

Once upon a time.

I've memorized flowers and flower words for no reason.

I haven't memorized them all, but there are some that I have.

Pansy.

As in, think of me.





Episode 264.





Flowers are actually a very inconvenient gift.

I couldn't even fit it in my pocket, so I carried a single flower. Charlotte saw me do it and told me to throw it away. I don't know if it was because it looked ugly or for some other reason.

I practically tossed the pansy Charlotte gave me into the flowers.

"Wow....... What a waste."

Charlotte looked a little flustered.

"You said throw away ......?"

"No, you said it was a gift, even if what I gave you was crap."

"I merely prioritized the orders of the Empress."

"......you really. Why would anyone do that?"

"If you feel bad, you carry it back."

"You know what, Reinhard? I told you to throw it away, and when you did, it was over."

"This is a mistake."

"In times like this, can you just recognize that it's better for you to say nothing, and I'd hate to be the one to tell you that you've actually abandoned a topic you asked me to abandon?"

"......."

"You can at least answer that!"

"Yes."

Charlotte shook her head tiredly.

There are other reasons why I abandoned it, but I didn't say them.

Just like Charlotte can't tell me why she gave me Pansy. It's just that it is.

Due to the cognitive dissonance spell, no passerby recognized Charlotte.

I met Charlotte earlier this year. But it felt like a lifetime ago.

A girl dying in prison.

I didn't know who Charlotte was. Turns out she was an empress, and that got me in trouble, but it got me to the ecliptic.

If I hadn't met Charlotte, would I have escaped the demon castle unharmed?

What would I have become if I hadn't come to the ecliptic?

Hypotheticals are pointless, but I don't know what I would have done if that had happened.

I had a vague idea that I would have lived as a nobody, or died wandering in the wilderness.

It all started when I met Charlotte in prison.

Charlotte is my beginning.

"......You have the eyes of an old man. What the hell are you thinking when you look at me?"

"My, my when!"

Charlotte looks at me, wondering if I'm offended. As we walked through the flowers, Charlotte said, "You know what?

"You've always been weird, but I think you're even weirder these days."

"......what."

"I'm feeling vulnerable, anxious, and nervous."

I'm not like Charlotte.

I can't manage my facial expressions. So if something's wrong, they'll know, and if they're worried, they'll try to make you feel better.

"I don't know what's making you so anxious, but why don't you take a little weight off your shoulders?"

Charlotte worries about me.

It's hard enough to mind your own business, I think.

Now is the time for me to care.

You've got something going on.

I was torn between the impulse to ask, and the impulse that I shouldn't say anything.

"Why do I have to exert more effort when I'm told to relax?"

Charlotte sighed heavily. Charlotte was walking a little ahead of me. It hadn't been long after class, so it wasn't quite sunset.

Charlotte's platinum hair glistened in the fall sunlight.

Charlotte looked like she had regained her health. Needless to say, she was much nicer to look at.

"Whoa!"

Then, as we were looking at the flowers, Charlotte suddenly became very excited and grabbed my arm.

"What, what, what?"

"Burr, for bees. Phew......."

-Boooowoong

It was the punishment that made Charlotte gasp.

It wasn't a wasp, it was a bee. The bee flew from flower to flower and disappeared.

"I'm in trouble again......."

"What! You're serious. I seem to forget sometimes, but I grew up in a big house."

Charlotte's eyes widened when she saw my reaction.

It grew nicely.

She's being overly modest by saying that in the first place. It's already cute in and of itself when an empress says, "I grew up fine.

He's a bit of a stretch even to say that. He's had some rough experiences.

"......But you like flowers, are you afraid of bees?"

If you love flowers, you naturally see bees, right?

"...... I don't have anything like that in my garden."

I mean, the gardens of an imperial palace can be maintained to that level.

Still, after all she's been through, punishment shouldn't even be a stub of the toe, should it? Charlotte clicked her tongue.

"You're being real. Bees are a fear of the unknown for me. I've never been stung in my life, and no matter what I've been through, the unknown is scary, okay?"

"Well, at least I know I'm talking a lot."

"Is there really nothing you can't say to an empress?"

Charlotte laughed in disbelief.

He said it, but he seemed to be in a good mood.

Charlotte loves flowers.

But bees are scared.

I learned something else. Charlotte saw many beautiful flowers along the Irine River, but as soon as she realized there were bees, she moved away from them.

Charlotte would have lived in a garden with only butterflies.

Sometimes I forget how precious he is, but this reminds me.

Charlotte laughed at how ridiculous it was that she couldn't get to her favorite flowers because of the bees.

"Reinhard, have you ever been stung by a bee?"

"There should be."

"How much does it hurt?"

"It hurts like hell."

"Is that it?"

Charlotte looked at me, wide-eyed.

"I'm not going to die. Just a little sore."

I've heard of people going into shock, like anaphylaxis or something, and that would be dangerous, but I was just sick.

"Do you want to be stung?"

Charlotte said, and moved closer to the flower.

"Why would you do that on purpose?"

"Is that so?"

Charlotte scratched her cheek and laughed a little silly. Charlotte watched from afar as the bees flitted among the flowers.

"The unknown is scary. Right?"

"......Yes."

It's scary to know, but it's always scarier to not know.

Fearful of the unknown, Charlotte keeps her distance from the bee, lest she get too close to it.

Charlotte was afraid of something.

"Reinhardt."

"......."

"Thanks for playing today."

Charlotte's words were strange.

I'm the one who asked Charlotte to play.

Charlotte offered her time, not asked for it. I was the one who reached out first.

I wonder if it was actually Charlotte who wanted to spend time like this.

Charlotte looks at me with an amused look on her face.

"I have to go now. There will be an uproar in the palace if I come in too late. I live in a place with surprisingly high standards. I've been busy lately."

Charlotte waved her hand as she said that.

"The route to the palace is that way, so I'll go there."

"Uh....... Yeah."

If I wanted to go to the palace, I'd go that way, and if I wanted to go back to the temple, there was no reason for Charlotte to go with me.

It's a bit abrupt, but not unreasonable. If Charlotte is late getting home, it's going to be a real mess.

But.

I ended up saying nothing.

It didn't ask me anything.

In the end, all I got from Charlotte was a single flower with an ominous message that I didn't find acceptable in this situation.

"Hi, Reinhard."

Charlotte's words.

It felt like a goodbye.

I don't know anything.

But.

I felt an overwhelming sense of certainty that if I lost Charlotte now, I would never see her again.

My chi sense says.

If you miss it, it's the last time you'll ever see Charlotte.

Therefore, I grabbed Charlotte's arm as we headed back to the palace.

"Charlotte."

"Huh? Huh? Why?"

"Hey, show me around your house."

"......?"

Play with me, followed by Show me around the house.

I don't know why.

I always wonder if the reasons are sincere, but the results lead to bizarre behavior.



* * *



Naturally.

There was a bit of a scuffle.

Going to a friend's house falls into that category.

But when she's the daughter of an imperial emperor and I'm a lowly peasant, it's a different story.

"No. No. Really no. Why all of a sudden?"

Charlotte wasn't offended by the sudden swarm, but she nailed it.

"Just. I wanted to see what a great palace you live in."

Charlotte seemed stunned by my nakedness.

"Why the hell are you suddenly....... I'll invite you later, on the weekend or whenever you're free."

"Today, absolutely today! I'm the kind of person who has to do it when I think of it, and when I fought the Orbis class, I did it when I thought of it, you know?"

"I know, I know, but what's wrong with you all of a sudden......."

I went wild, as one might expect.

Charlotte looked at me like I'd lost my mind.

I don't know why I thought I could say anything and it wouldn't work.

After saying no a few times, he finally sighed heavily and was on his way to take me.

I was surprised that they listened to me when I insisted.

Has the uproar over a dead man already died down?

"Hah....... Why the hell would I......."

Of course, it wasn't an easy decision, and Charlotte glared at me with an axe-eye.

"Why the imperial palace all of a sudden?"

"I told you, I just want to see what a nice palace my friend lives in."

I don't want to be this rude to an empress, even if we're friends.

However.

He didn't know anything, he couldn't tell me anything, but I couldn't let Charlotte go.

There's even a new trait called Mood.

The strong sense of foreboding it sent was decisive.

You can't miss Charlotte today, or you'll never see her again.

It wasn't a revelation, but it felt like one.

Not only did I not have a clue about the revolutionary forces, but I was on my way to the palace when I realized that Charlotte had gotten herself into another mess.

I wonder if this is an accident.

Or am I approaching it as an accident.

I hope this isn't the wrong choice.

Charlotte looked uneasy, but she was taking me to the palace anyway.



* * *



The scale of the Emperor is larger than the Temple.

In other words, it's well beyond the size of a single ward in Seoul. Charlotte walked me past the entrance to Hwangseong.

Here, the Empress's face was an identity card in itself, and even I, a Temple student, could enter the Imperial City with her approval and endorsement.

The security measures for temples and imperial castles are the same.

Therefore, my true identity will never be discovered. If my cover through the Ring of Sarkegar was going to be blown here, it would have been at the Temple.

Charlotte didn't say if she gave up or if she wanted to go back.

"I'm going to tell the palace that I brought you here by force, so you're only going to serve me. If anyone else finds out, they'll try to kill you."

Charlotte's eyes lit up at me, and I smirked and nodded.

"Of course. I do that with people, you know?"

"......Please, Reinhardt. I really, really dislike you sometimes, and this is one of those times. Can't you at least not tell me that you're being a jerk because I'm a jerk?"

"We're friends."

"Accepting you as a friend may be one of the biggest mistakes of my life......."

I chuckled as I watched Charlotte sigh.

"At least it's not the only mistake."

"Shut up. You're going to make me feel really bad."

"Yes."

I realized that Charlotte was trying to be sincere, so I quickly shut up. As soon as we passed through the main gates of the Imperial Emperor's Palace, Charlotte and I boarded a waiting tram.

"There's a tram here too?"

"Yes, because it's wide."

The tram was ready as soon as the empress's arrival was announced.

There were only two of us on board.

I pretended not to know, but I did.

Ludwig was going to be in the castle, so he had to describe it.

There are three tram lines in the interior of Jupiter.

Routes for royalty, routes for nobles and bureaucrats, and routes for everyone else.

This was supposed to be an imperial route.

Like Temple's tram, there were no handles for standing passengers, and there weren't many seats in the pretentiously luxurious interior design.

Anyway, without anyone suddenly recognizing the Empress and clinging to her, Charlotte and I rode the tram as if we were sightseeing in the Imperial Palace.

Until this morning, I never thought I'd be in the Yellow Castle.

Hwangseong felt different from Temple.

Whereas Temple had a lively feel to it because it was still a predominantly student space, Hwangseong was solemn and serene.

The people coming and going were all solemn, and I couldn't tell if they were aristocrats or bureaucrats, but I was pretty sure they were farting.

Charlotte was happy to have me and gave me a tour.

"See there? That's the Tetra, the imperial palace where His Majesty the Emperor resides."

Where Charlotte pointed, past the vast gardens and fountains, was the Imperial Palace.

It was a stiff palace that felt more solemn than colorful. In terms of opulence, the royal class dormitories were more opulent.

But it also seemed to represent the authority of the empire, with its solemnity and grandeur.

I don't need to be fancy.

It seems to say.

There's a sense of pride that comes from not having to pretend to be a continent.

It was a more elaborate realization of what I had in my head.

The tram circles the Tetra of the Imperial Palace in the center.

"Do you know anything about the planet Huang?"

"I know."

I can't help but notice.

Hwang Sung Emperatos.

The Gradian Empire was committed to the construction of imperial castles as they established the ecliptic.

Hundreds of layers of intricate magical connections were schematized and woven into the veins, not to mention the walls to keep out foreign invaders and impure forces.

"There are four palaces to the east, west, south, and north, centered around the imperial tetra. There are other palaces, but those four are the largest, except for the imperial palace. Starting in the north, they are called the Palace of Spring, the Palace of Summer, the Palace of Fall, and the Palace of Winter."

"I heard that."

"Do you know why it's called that?"

"No? Is there a reason?"

"Yes."

I know.

But Charlotte, who was explaining it to me, seemed to be enjoying it a bit, so I shook my head.

"In the early days of the empire, they were very concerned about the safety of the imperial city, which is why there were hundreds of layers of magical bonds."

"Really?"

"Yeah, so the veins are twisted and the mana around here is unbalanced, causing anomalies."

"So?"

"Suddenly there are four seasons on Jupiter at the same time."

"...... for real?"

"Yeah, really."

A side effect of a lot of magical power.

Except for the center, where the sun was, there were seasons all around: spring, summer, fall, and winter.

"Now, of course, it's been a while, and it's been maintained, and it's gone, but I think they haven't been able to fix it for quite a while. So instead of the original names of the palaces, they are now called Spring Palace, Summer Palace, Fall Palace, and Winter Palace according to the seasons in the area. They've been calling them that for so long that even Hwangseong has renamed them that way."

The tram kept moving, and when a palace came into view, Charlotte pointed it out.

"That's the Winter Palace, where Bertus lives."

It was a straightforward palace. I had heard that it was called the Winter Palace, but it had a cold, bitchy feel to it.

Of course, she's a saint compared to the High Epicurean.

The palace was lonely and somehow strong, perhaps because of the people who lived there.

Bertus plotting in the Winter Palace.

It looks like a good match.

Although the actual seasonal anomaly is gone.

"Isn't that a bit of a waste?"

"What?"

"How I wish Bertus had lived in the Winter Palace, shivering and shaking."

No.

How am I supposed to react if he says something like that out of the blue?

Charlotte covered her mouth and giggled as I panicked.

"Just kidding, otherwise Bertus wouldn't be living in the Winter Palace in the first place."

It was called the Winter Palace, but Bertus's Winter Palace was now in autumn.

However, even though it's fall, it feels like winter, and the reason is not in the palace, but in the garden.

Didn't I mention that?

The expansive garden in front of the Winter Palace.

There were no flowers there. It was planted with brown, withering grass and shrubs, but not a single flower.

That's weird.

It's been a while, so I can't remember, but were the gardens of Bertus' Winter Palace that barren?

I don't think I ever described it that way.

I'm pretty sure I said something about having flowers and flower beds.

But now I'm wondering why.

Charlotte said, sensing my mood.

"It sucks, right?"

"......I don't know, that's kind of a stretch."

Or should I say, Bertus.

It was organized, but not fancy.

"I don't see how it makes sense to not have a flower bed when the color scheme is garden."

Charlotte crosses her arms and clucks her tongue.

"Isn't it like a child to say that because I love flowers, I dug up all the flowers in her garden? When I heard that, I was more stunned than angry."

I didn't think so, but Bertus had a childish side.

Charlotte loves flowers.

Apparently that was enough reason for Bertus to hate flowers.

It turns out my memory wasn't wrong.

If there are no flowers in Bertus' garden, it's because Charlotte, who loves them, is alive.

So the only reason there were flowers in the original Winter Palace garden was because Charlotte, who loves flowers, was dead.

Now that you have no reason to hate flowers, you can have them in your garden.

Or something like that.

When Charlotte dies, Bertus's garden blooms.

It was childish, but also eerie because it spoke to their eventual hatred of each other.

This would also be a setting I was not aware of.

Charlotte gives me a sullen look and laughs.

"The look on her face when I brought the flowers I dug up to my palace and planted them was worth it."

Bertus isn't the only child.

Charlotte was a brat enough.

"Ah, here we are."

The tram has arrived north of the Imperial Palace.

"That's the 'Palace of Spring' where I live."

Spring Palace.

Rather than a spring palace, it should be called a flower palace.

The garden was full of flowers in full bloom.

Not long ago, a man died there.

On the Yellow Planet, where everyone should be safe.

Someone died, especially in a place that should have been safe.

I was more interested in the flowers in full bloom in the garden. I was curious about what lay behind them.





第 265页





The palace's manicured flower beds were filled with unrecognizable flowers. But it didn't look untidy. If the Winter Palace gardens felt like a secluded, manicured park, the Spring Palace gardens looked like a festival in full swing.

Bertus's garden, while stark, was not unkempt.

Charlotte's palace was ornate, but not promiscuous.

A garden full of flowers, or a garden without a single flower.

I felt like this was two things that ended up resembling each other.

Bertus hates flowers because Charlotte loves them.

Charlotte plants more flowers because Bertus hates flowers. She even picked up the flowers that Bertus threw away and planted them.

Both are obsessed with each other's likes and dislikes.

What happens to Charlotte's garden if Bertus dies.

Now that the reason to obsess over flowers is gone, they won't disappear, but they won't be as colorful.

Oh well, they're kindred spirits after all.

I thought to myself.

Charlotte led the way through the flower-filled garden. The gardeners tending to the flowerbeds stood still and bowed when they saw her.

There was no particular conversation.

There were no questions about unannounced guests.

If the Winter Palace left a cold impression, the Spring Palace, whether because of its name or its design, seemed comfortable and cozy.

The palace felt warmer than it looked, surrounded by colorful flowers that seemed to make up for the lack of glamor.

The garden is also part of the palace.

I realized that the Winter Palace was like that, and the Spring Palace was like that.

The same was true for the Imperial Palace Tetra.

"There really are no bees?"

"...... and."

Charlotte's eyes narrowed at my words.

"The flowers are beautiful. They smell good. Well cared for. I don't expect to hear this, but are you still thinking about it?"

No, it's not!

With all the flowers, it's no wonder it's a beehive, but as you say, you can't even see a real bee!

"Of course not. If I get stung by a bee, the gardener's head will fly off."

When Charlotte smiled and said that, I broke out in a cold sweat.

There are no bees in this garden, or they wouldn't come. Pest management is a sure thing.

"No, what's that....... You know that one."

"Moisture (受粉)?"

"Uh, yeah. That."

If there are no bees, there is no pollination, so isn't there a problem?

"You're worried about weird things. You'll figure it out."

"How?"

"...... Reinhardt, you know what, I don't know about that."

Charlotte loves flowers, and that's why she has such a huge flower garden. You don't need or want to know what the gardeners do specifically.

That's what power is.

Charlotte lives a life where that's just the way it is.

I can't help but feel that Charlotte is far away from me.

I don't need to know that stuff. They do it for me.

I'm proud to say this.

Charlotte walked through the gardens and reached the entrance to the palace. Inside the palace was a huge hall, with spiral staircases, statues, and colonnades.

The palace was far too large for Charlotte to live in alone.

No, she wouldn't live alone. There would be maids and servants, people who would do all sorts of things, and a bodyguard.

But.......

Somehow.

Nowhere else in the huge hall did anyone look like a user.

No, I can see it.

I think there should be someone coming out to greet Charlotte.

No one was there to greet Charlotte, and there seemed to be very few people.

Something happened here, and this quiet is a sign of it.

Charlotte brought me along, albeit under duress. There's no way she's going to see anything suspicious about me.

Charlotte was the first to speak in the dingy palace.

"Like I said, don't give me any crap. I'll take care of it."

"Yes."

Keep in mind.

Charlotte had just given herself permission to rub me the wrong way.

That feels good.

"Your Highness."

Then, someone sitting somewhere in the hall got up and came over to greet Charlotte.

I couldn't help but roll my eyes when I saw him approaching.

You're alive.

The cavalry lieutenant who was so crucial in our escape from Demon Castle.

"Are you back?"

"Ah, Dyrus. Say hello. This is my friend Reinhardt. Reinhardt, say hello. This is my bodyguard, Sir Dyrus."

Dyrus, now Charlotte's bodyguard, was in front of me.



* * *



I was assuming that Dyrus might be dead, and I couldn't bring myself to ask Charlotte. There was no reason for me to know about Dyrus.

You have become Charlotte's bodyguard. Charlotte has somehow managed to protect the person who saved her.

Dyrus's skills didn't reach superhuman levels, though, and we don't know how he's progressed since then.

You're safe.

That's it.

However, despite my excitement, Dyrus was looking at me warily.

"Your Majesty, letting outsiders in here is not a good idea......."

"They're friends."

"But......."

Charlotte's words made Darius feel uncomfortable.

The rumors of what happened here are probably true.

That's why outsiders aren't allowed in right now.

Charlotte was on her way out the door, trying to wrap her head around my insistence, and Darius looked troubled.

The princess who forced her friend to come home because she couldn't resist his advances, now has her own advances.

"Your Highness."

And then, through the din of Dyrus' voice, another voice broke through.

A voice you don't recognize, but not a stranger.

"I thought you weren't supposed to let outsiders in here."

Saviolin Tana, the leader of the 1st Imperial Knights of Shanapelle.

Why is he here?

Dressed in her Templar uniform, she walked toward me and Charlotte.

"It's been a while, Reinhardt."

She recognized me, of course.

"I'm sure you were invited, but I'm sorry, I have to leave."

She said that as if Charlotte's opinion didn't matter.

Has Shanatelle been assigned to guard the Palace of Spring?

The impact of Sarkegar's rumor was playing out in real time before my eyes.

What the heck was going on?

Is Charlotte safe?

"Lord Tana, I'm the one who decides that."

"It's temporary, but I'm in charge of the safety of the palace for now."

Suddenly, the current world leader and the first princess were having a nervous breakdown.

"Are you saying Reinhardt is a dangerous man?"

"I think you realize that's not what I'm saying."

I trusted my instincts and decided to go with the installer, but was I pushing Charlotte into a fight she shouldn't be in?

Saviolin Tana looks at me, not Charlotte, as if she's gotten the message.

It was better for me to go away than to get into a nervous breakdown with the Empress, or, if I understood correctly, to go home on my own.

But I can't back down when the world's strongest player is in front of me.

I need to know what's going on with Charlotte here.

I have no intention of stepping down.

She looked back at Charlotte when I glared at her.

"Your Majesty, may I speak with you for a moment?"

It was almost like a command line.

That's how much authority and power Saviolin Tana has.

"Yes, Lord Tana."

Charlotte's momentum wasn't lost either.



* * *



It's strange that my visit is opposed by Darius and Saviolin Tana.

So it's safe to assume that this situation only happens in the Spring Palace.

Savior Tana, Charlotte, and Dyrus went off to talk to someone else.

I couldn't hear their conversation, as they had gone quite a distance.

The Templars were nowhere to be seen, save for their leader.

She seems to be the only one.

I don't know if the other guys are hiding somewhere and guarding or what.

If there's been a murder, shouldn't there be more security?

Why is this so lame?

I had an ominous feeling.

When they returned, Saviolin Tana looked very unhappy.

I felt bad for Charlotte.

I've gotten into a fight I shouldn't have.

"Go eat dinner, it's okay."

Charlotte merely smiled breezily, and the others were speechless.

I was surprised it was through suppression.

This is the kind of request that I'm not sure I'd grant, even if it was an unusual situation.

But in an unusual turn of events, Charlotte complied with my urging.

"Shall we walk?"

Charlotte dragged me around the palace as if to show me the ropes.

Darius or Tana didn't follow.

"What the hell is going on, all of a sudden....... I didn't want to fight Lord Tana."

"Did you fight?"

"Well, not quite, but....... Just know that I had to destroy my reputation to take care of you."

The look in Charlotte's eyes gave me goosebumps. I wonder if I'm just going with my gut and getting into trouble.......

"Anyway, don't give Lord Tana or Lord Dyrus a hard time about it. Understood?"

"Of course, I'm not crazy."

"It's right, or it's weird, now."

Well.

I have a conscience, and I'll admit it.

"Well, yeah. Crazy, yes, but not so crazy that I'm going to start yelling at Mr. Chanapelle. Rest assured."

"But why are you giving me a hard time?"

"Friend......."

"Shut up!"

Charlotte plugged her ears, as if she didn't want to hear it anymore.

-Loud!

The Palace of Spring was silent, until Charlotte's cry became an echo, echoing down the hall.

"It's quiet."

"...... wasn't always like this, we've been downsizing a bit lately."

"Really?"

"Yeah. Let's go."

Charlotte diligently led the way, not wanting to be pampered once she had him.

There were no signs of murder.

Even if it was, I wouldn't recognize it, and there's no reason for it to be left behind.

The first place Charlotte brought me was the gallery.

"Do you like painting?"

"I'm not gonna lie, I don't like ....... I don't like it at all."

"Is it fair to say that I'm not interested in everything about art in general?"

"Right."

"Actually, so am I."

Charlotte walked past the many paintings and sculptures hanging in the large gallery inside the palace.

"I don't know, a picture is a sub-imitation of reality, and then it's just a degraded version of reality, and the function is in the fact that it's left behind. Like taxidermy. But it's odd to see painters still strutting around with their brushes, even though they were rendered irrelevant by the development of dye-based magic."

Charlotte is sometimes cynical to the point of being unrecognizable from Bertus.

When photography developed a similar magic, the value of painting as an imitation of reality plummeted.

So there's no concept of abstract art here yet. I've learned something. Charlotte walked through a gallery of portraits, denying the possibility of painting.

"These are portraits of people who lived in the Palace of Spring, some royalty, some not."

"So you don't have to be royalty to live in a palace?"

"Sure."

It's just a confirmation of what I already know, but Charlotte is eager to explain.

It looked pretty cool, so I purposely feigned curiosity.

"The Summer Palace is the largest, with many subsidiary palaces. It's where the imperial family has lived since time immemorial. The Autumn Palace to the south is where the officials work."

Who lived in the Palace of Spring in the original.

It was Charlotte's home, but she never returned, and it may have had a different owner. I don't know that much. Bertus lived in the Winter Palace in the original, as he does now.

You can't know what you don't know. The imperial family may have gotten a little more spacious.

Because of the two sun candidates, two of the four great palaces now had a member of the imperial family in line for succession.

Charlotte and Bertus, the owners of one of the four great palaces.

Oscar de Gradías in the Summer Palace, an imperial servant's residence in the east.

It made sense to me that Bertus would say that even the same royal family would never be the same.

We walked through the galleries, then the chapel.

It wasn't dusty, but there was a strong sense that the space hadn't been used in a long time.

Where the statues of the Five Gods stand, Charlotte sees me.

"Do you have a god you follow?"

"Not really."

"I thought so."

I may be the master of Tiamata, but of course I have no gods to follow.

The religions of this world are unique. No, not peculiar, but different.

There is no concept of not believing in God.

There is a God.

But do you follow that god.

The followers are the religious. You can't deny God. There is divine power, and there are divine objects.

"You?"

"I'm not exactly......?"

Charlotte shook her head.

"Of course, if Artorius hadn't won, I'd be dead, so shouldn't I be serving Als, the war god....... I did think of that."

Ragan Artorius was not a priest of Als, but he did defeat the demon with Alsbringer, the holy relic of Als.

"Even as I was thinking that it was Artorius who saved me....... but I don't think that's necessarily the case, so I'm going to go to......."

Charlotte smiles wistfully.

She must be thinking of Valier. I wonder if my presence was such a great salvation for Charlotte. Of course, I saved her life, but without Artorius, the war would not have ended.

"How strong was the demon? Even if Artorius had been defeated, wouldn't the allies have been able to kill the demon if they had joined forces?"

"Well......."

I say that, but I know it's true.

Ancestral Demon Balie.

The novel begins with the death of a demon, but what about the power of the demon?

If not for Lagan Artorius, the demon would not have died.

The Allies would have been crushed.

People know that Lagan Artorius defeated the demon, but they don't know how, because the fight took place inside the demon's castle, with no audience.

I'm the only one in the world who knows that.

Without Alsbringer, not even Ragan Artorius would have been able to subdue the demon.

Without Ragan Artorius, the demon would have won, and I would not have had to flee. Charlotte would be dead.

"Funny....... to think about this."

Leaving the chapel, Charlotte and I continued to walk through the palace. There was a music room, but no musicians, and the instrument storage room next to it was empty.

Charlotte showed me all sorts of places. Courtiers' quarters, kitchens, dining rooms, dressing rooms, storerooms, and guest bedrooms.

Even.

"Hey, can I do this?"

"It never ceases to amaze me that there is a line in the sand for rudeness at ....... Why not, you've already been rude enough."

Charlotte even showed me her bedroom.





Episode 266.





Charlotte's bedroom wasn't big enough to play soccer in.

There was a huge canopy bed with elegant silk curtains, a table for meetings, armchairs and a sofa. The furniture, including a bookcase, was arranged in an orderly fashion.

The walk-in closet was also in the bedroom, and there appeared to be a large bathroom.

The royal class dormitories were quite nice, but of course they couldn't compare to the empress's bedroom.

I had to wonder.

Does Charlotte want to dress herself or have her maids dress her? In the dormitory, she'll be on her own.

Well, there are some things that you can't put on and take off by yourself, so in that case, you're going to have to hire someone.

Of course, I didn't ask.

I looked around the bedroom and let out a finished thought.

"Is the bed....... too big?"

"......Truly, I commend you for your perspective."

As if Charlotte knew that, she pointed to the massive bed, which was well over twice the size of a king.

It's even as long vertically as it is horizontally.

"Well, to my horror, you're right, that bed is too wide, and I didn't realize that until I tried my dorm bed that it was uncomfortable."

Dorm beds are big, but not that big.

I've seen some of these guys living in high rise apartments that are smaller than your bed, and this is a little smaller than a studio apartment?

"I thought I had to crawl all over the place to get out of bed, but apparently dorm beds only require one sideways roll?"

Charlotte's comment about how she realized she'd been sleeping in an uncomfortable bed her whole life until she tried a smaller bed was hilarious.

The wording is cute.

I love that I can roll sideways for a lap and get out of bed.

Imagining Charlotte in that situation made me laugh, regardless of the seriousness of the situation.

"Do you want to lie down?"

"......I know you think I'm an asshole, but you know what, I'm not that bad."

I know there's such a thing as good! It's just that other people don't agree with it, but there is! I'm not one of those people who rolls around in the empress's bed and says, "Hmph!

At my reaction, Charlotte covered her mouth and laughed.

"Why, that bed is honestly so big that if I slept on both ends, I wouldn't be able to touch it all night, even if I was a terrible sleeper."

"Oh, why would he do that?"

I'm casting bullshit on Charlotte to see if she's lost her mind. Charlotte didn't give me a tour of her vast bedroom.

There were a few portraits, but I didn't ask about the people in them.

An adult female who resembles Charlotte.

I didn't have to ask. It would have been a painful name for Charlotte.

Then.

Hard to see in human form.

What it is.

I stopped thinking.

"Want to see something fun?"

"What is it?"

Charlotte gave me a meaningful smile and grabbed my arm, leading me somewhere. Charlotte pointed to the wall where the bookshelves were.

"You know how in novels and stuff, royalty and royalty who live in places like this....... and when things get crazy, they go through a secret passageway or something."

"......No?"

"Yes."

Charlotte slipped her necklace into a groove in the wall between the bookshelves, a section of the wall embossed with columns.

-Dalcock

With a sound like that.

The wall rotated, sending me and Charlotte over to the other side.

Before the rotation was over, I panicked.

"......what is this."

"Interesting, huh?"

In front of me was a staircase leading down.

Your bedroom is on the second floor.

However, this staircase seems to be designed to go all the way down to the basement, not the first floor.

"This is the secret passage to the Palace of Spring."

"This....... Isn't that a big secret?"

Charlotte nodded nonchalantly.

"Yes. I think the Emperor is the only one who knows about this besides me, and Dyrus doesn't, and of course Lord Tana doesn't."

Charlotte shook her necklace.

"This is the key."

It would have been handed down from generation to generation by the owners of the Palace of Spring.

"...... Aren't you sure I'm not supposed to see this?"

"Why?"

Charlotte shakes her head.

"We're friends."

Still, it's a bit.......

This is starting to get scary.......

"So, where does this lead to?"

"This is the heart of an empire, and secret passageways are not for the faint of heart."

Charlotte led me down a long flight of stairs and into a room at the end.

That was the end of the secret passage.

It was just one big room. But there was definitely a path.

Rather than length.

Question.

"This is......."

"If it's a place to get away, it should be able to go anywhere."

This one had a warp gate.



* * *



A tiny warp gate. Of course, it is currently disabled.

I don't know how far this could go, but if it led to another warp gate within range, it would be a great way to get away.

"You can use spatial travel magic inside the palace?"

"If we can do it without, why can't we do it in certain areas?"

Charlotte said, as if it were no big deal.

Why bother telling me all this?

Charlotte tells a very important secret just for fun. She doesn't seem to have any other intention.

It's not the kind of space you can brag about like a kid saying, "I have one of these in my house.

I'll have to take this into consideration when the gates open. It's inactive, so I don't know if there will be any monsters here, but it was definitely a place to check.

Once we were out of the bedroom, Charlotte showed me around.

There were tons of spaces, but no or very few people in them.

As a result, the whole thing felt empty.

"It's a big place, and there's not a lot of space, and there are fewer people these days."

The Palace of Spring also seemed deserted, though not as much as the White Palace in Arnaka, which I visited last time.

This is a different kind of emptiness.

The White Palace looked like it was meant to be.

The Palace of Spring doesn't seem like the place to be.

It feels like a place that was never deserted, but is becoming deserted.

Somehow.

Like dying.

It felt like that.

After exploring every inch of the palace. By now it was getting late and the sunset light was pouring in.

"Everything okay?"

I smirked at Charlotte's comment.

I'd say a palace with a tiny warp gate in the basement isn't much, but.......

"I'd say, 'What are you talking about....... To be honest, it is."

In the end, so what.

This is what I was thinking.

"That's honest."

Charlotte seemed to like my answer.

The palace is nothing more than a huge building. It's just a bunch of empty rooms, and Charlotte isn't the owner of this palace, she's just someone who lives in a room in this palace.

The warm glow of the sunset bathed the corridors in red, but the lack of people basking in the light made it all the more lonely.

In such a lonely sunset. Charlotte, who has finished her tour of the palace, looks at me.

"That's weird."

"......what?"

"Actually, I've been meaning to do that for a while."

He had a wistful smile on his face.

"I wanted to bring a friend over and say, 'Hey, I live in a place like this. I wanted to show them around and tell them that it's actually not that great to live in a place like this. Just once."

Charlotte looked like she'd just gotten her wish out of nowhere.

It was a bit of a push, but Charlotte was actually hoping for this.

So I pretended to fit in, but I didn't like it, so he brought me along, even though he knew Charnafel would disapprove.

"You seem to know my mind, Reinhardt. It's strange, really....... I wonder why you know me so well. Why....... to be there for me when I need you."

I felt like I knew what Charlotte needed right now.

Someone who will just be there.

That seemed to be what was needed.

"Actually, I'm leaving Temple soon."

The words seemed to stop me in my tracks.

I don't know what the warning was, but I'm guessing it was trying to get me to realize this.

At this rate, if I spent my time worrying about other things, Charlotte would suddenly disappear.

You'll have a frustrating time, not knowing why she's gone. You won't be able to ask Bertus if Charlotte is okay.

Bertus.

Charlotte said.

Did Bertus lose in the end?

What about the murder in the Palace of Spring? Was Bertus trying to kill Charlotte and failing? If so, that would mean trouble on Bertus' part, but why?

Is the Spring Palace so deserted because of an imperial dispute, and has Saviolin Tana been assigned Charlotte's bodyguard in case something goes wrong?

"Is this about Bertus?"

Charlotte's reaction to my question was odd.

"So, what are you going to do about it?"

"......what?"

"If I lost the throne contest after all, and that's why I look like this, and that's why I'm quitting the Temple....... If that's what it is."

Charlotte looks at me.

"So, what are you going to do?"

"So, what happens?"

You already know the answer.

"It's the end of an imperial family that has lost an imperial succession battle: die now or die a little later."

Charlotte stares out at the palace.

"He could die right away, or he could be banished far away and then die quietly in exile, like he's forced to do because he can't resist the pleas of his subjects to get rid of him, or he could be robbed or attacked on the way to exile....... He won't make it out alive."

Charlotte explains it and then looks at me.

"If I ever get to that point, what are you going to do?"

I didn't have to think long.

No, it wasn't a struggle.

"Let's save him."

"How?"

"Somehow."

"Anyone with a horse can do that."

"No."

I took a step toward Charlotte, ignoring her comment.

"My superpower, did you forget?"

"......."

"If I believe it, it happens."

Charlotte stood still, watching me.

"I'm going to save you, and that's the way it's supposed to be."

"That's ridiculous."

Suppress.

"Yeah, I can't."

I looked at Charlotte.

Okay, that's just a stretch.

"But I forced myself to become a psychic, and I succeeded in enhancing my powers, and I forced myself to be a beggar on the street, and I forced myself to enter this palace of spring."

In my forced life, I am only forced once again. My forcing has always been real.

It's only going to happen again.

I believe so.

"I will save you no matter what, and if I fail to save you, I will kill Bertus."

"!"

Anyone can say they're going to try to save it somehow.

But not just anyone can say they'll kill the next emperor if they don't save you.

Charlotte's jaw dropped in shock as she realized the insanity of what I was saying.

I'm going to do that.

Bertus may be my friend right now, but if he kills Charlotte, he's no longer my friend.

Charlotte tried to understand the meaning of my words, and then let out a hysterical laugh at her own failure.

"You....... What the hell did I do to you to deserve this? No matter how much you think....... why you have to do this to me, say those things. I really don't know......."

"We're friends."

"!"

A phrase I've thought about a few times today.

At the last echo of the words, Charlotte forgot them.

After a long moment of silence, Charlotte swallows hard and looks at me with a weak smile.

"Too bad."

What's missing.

"I know you've been doing this all day, and I know you're worried about me, but this is enough."

The reason for my strange behavior today was, of course, Charlotte.

"It's not because of Bertus, so......."

Charlotte pinched me lightly on the cheek.

"There's no chance of you messing up this time."

I can't change it for anything. I can't make it work for me.......

He looked like he'd been given a death sentence.

"Thanks. Reinhard."

Tears formed in the corners of Charlotte's eyes.

"But I wanted to hear you say you'd buy it for me."

Not my chance.

As if the words weren't enough, Charlotte was crying and laughing.





Episode 267.





Dinner at the Palace of Spring was spectacular.

We ate at a lavishly set table, assisted by maids of honor. As if fewer people weren't enough, I felt uncomfortable, but not awkward, eating with someone else by my side.

I ended up eating a lot of it, and Charlotte watched with amusement as I shoved it down my throat.

In the end, I ate so much more than I expected that Dyrus and Saviorin Tana, who were eating with me, were fed up.

"......No, do you eat that much?"

"When am I going to try this?"

Charlotte quits Temple.

Bertus is irrelevant.

In the end, I didn't know anything about what happened here. Nor would Charlotte tell me why she was leaving Temple.

Charlotte was giving a warning.

If anything happens to me, it won't involve Bertus, so don't do anything stupid and risk a crisis.

Although even that is likely to be false.

It was clear that there was something strange about Charlotte's situation, but she wasn't going to get an answer.

After dinner, we had tea together and talked about things.

If the situation is too serious, people will talk about something lighter.

If you start talking about a heavy topic, you're going to get sucked into that one topic, and you're not going to be able to say anything.

That's exactly what we did.

I had to get back soon, as we were going to have dinner.

I don't want to go back yet, and the idea of sleeping here might work for Charlotte, but not for Savior Tana.

Charlotte said goodnight, saying she would get ready for bed.

"Goodbye, Reinhardt. Lord Tana will see you off."

With that routine greeting.

Soon, Tana, the savior, approached to see me off - not so much to see me off as to make sure I was on track.

"Reinhardt."

"Ah, yes. Lord Saviolin."

Saviolin Tana called me.

"Tana is fine."

I nodded at her stern words.

"Yes, Tana."

"I didn't mean to leave out ......."

"Yes, Lord Tana."

The situation is serious.

This guy is kind of cute.

Ellen is real.

"Follow me. I need to check something out."

Before letting me out of the palace, she seemed to have some business with me.

I wonder if he's seeing me off and not Darius because he has something to check.

She led me off to somewhere in the palace.

What appears to be a smoke screen.

The lights were on, but there were no people anywhere. She suddenly raised her sword.

"Take it."

It was a little creepy, but eventually she grabbed the sword and handed it to me.

"No big deal, let's see how you do."

"......Suddenly?"

"I've been wondering about the future of the Empire you mentioned. We were at a banquet at the time. I thought I'd check it out while I had the chance."

The world's strongest man wants to clash swords. I'm pretty sure she doesn't mean anything by it. But when she hands me her sword, it's bare.

There were no other weapons in the training hall. There's no way Charlotte would be practicing swordsmanship here.

"Oh, I see."

When I glared at her, she looked at her bare hands.

"Don't worry."

-Woof

In her bare hands, blue mana began to coalesce and take the form of a sword.

It's not even an auror blade that projects magic onto a sword and adds to it.

I've gotten to the point where I can make a sword out of nothing but magic.

Superhuman, even beyond superhuman.

Saviolin Tana, the Swordmaster beyond the Swordmaster.

No, but you're giving it to Mr. Sun.

"No, what if we summoned something like that?"

"Don't worry. It's a bit of a hard wooden sword right now."

As if a child could know any better, she summoned an Auror Sword and pointed it at me.

"Oh, that's a different story."

"Do something."

"Yes."

Not knowing what else to do, I approached her with Tana's sword in hand.

Her shoulders, her steps, change in response to my movements, even though I'm not touching her. She reads my movements before I've even taken a defensive stance, as if she's gauging the gap and knows how I'm going to attack.

Feeling like I'm going to get stuck the moment we cross swords, I back off a bit again and gauge the distance.

This has never been possible before.

However, once I realized my 'gut feeling', it became possible.

Mood is the most deceptive of the many traits I've received.

Of course, a warrior's bloodline or divine spirit can be tremendous, but the deceitfulness of Qigong lies in its generality.

It feels like it's always on, and not just for certain situations.

In this situation, your opponent's movements are more visible. Not readable, but more subtle.

By looking at your opponent's prior moves and reacting to yours, you can get a good idea of what to expect.

It's not a special power.

It's just that I can now see what Ellen sees.

After practicing long enough, I can do what I see, aided by the trait.

As I adjust my stance and the trajectory of my sword, she follows suit.

We hadn't even clashed swords once, and it felt like we'd already had five fights.

If I go in, I get blocked. So I try another way, and then they try another way, and then I try again.

In that iteration.

The opponent's shoulder, stride, and sword grip.

It constantly makes small posture changes to anticipate combat.

"......."

"......You're not kidding."

She probably saw what I saw at a much higher level than I did. That's why it's not a battle, it's a competition.

She nods. She looks at me.

I don't know why, but.......

This is Ellen, and she can read people. Ellen often has no idea what she's thinking in the beginning, but this person is just there.

"It's not even close.

'I heard you've been learning the sword for less than a year.'

"Even if you were taught by a genius.

"Is this possible?

"What kind of talent is this?

"I hear you've got some kind of enchantment?

"You said you had superpowers, right?

"What the hell.

"He's scared.

"Why don't we ask them to come to Chanapelle?

"I want it.

"But it's taking so long to graduate.

That seems to be the general idea.

What is it? Why do I feel like I'm the only one who can read minds?

-Snarl

"That's it. I don't think we need to look any further."

In the end, she summoned her Auror Sword back without ever crossing swords with me. I politely returned the sword to her. She looked at me with her mouth set tightly shut, as if her thoughts were complicated by all sorts of things.

I suddenly realize that I want Ellen to be this big.

"I don't know if you're the future of the empire, but I'm beginning to think Effinghauser wasn't wrong."

"Is that a compliment?"

"I'm telling the truth."

This person.

Not only Ellen, but also Effinghauser. Age wise, of course.

She looks at me with her sword sheathed.

"Follow me."

Without another word, she left the performance hall and walked out of the Palace of Spring.

A garden at night, full of flowers. The gardeners were all gone. They must have gone home.

-currrrr

"Looks like it's about to rain."

Suddenly, an ominous thunderclap rumbled in the rainy sky.

I can't believe how long it's been since the sunset, and how suddenly it's faded.

She handed me one of the umbrellas.

But she wasn't wearing an umbrella.

"Don't you use it?"

"Not much."

It looked like it was about to rain, but she walked through the palace gardens as if it didn't matter.

The garden was huge, and it took me three months to get through it.

There were no guards anywhere in these palaces and gardens.

Saviolin Tana's mere presence replaces a large number of guards already in place.

Even some of the non-users of the palace seemed to have already left.

In this vast palace, Charlotte showed me the servants' and maids' quarters, which I didn't go into, but I'm pretty sure were empty.

How many steps you took.

-Tuduk

It's raining.

I opened the umbrella, but she just stood in the rain. I tried to put it on her, but she said enough and walked away from me.

She walked through the rain in silence. It was enough to tell that she was in a bad mood.

She and I walked through the palace gardens on a rainy spring day. The tram stop was still a long way off.

Suddenly, she opened her mouth.

"The king says you are the one who can take his secrets to the grave."

"...... Did you?"

"Yes, and he said he was a benefactor and a friend who had done you a lot of good, so you could tell him a few of your secrets."

Apparently, that's what they said in private.

Your own secrets.

Eventually.

The ending I least wanted.

Bertus, and nothing else. Charlotte's own problems.

"This, then, is highly unusual. You, a complete stranger, are to learn the secrets of the imperial family, but only by the will of the Empress, and it is not for me to decide, so keep what you are about to hear to yourself, for if it is revealed, your life and mine will be in jeopardy."

With ample warning, Saviolin Tana speaks.

"The Palace of Spring is currently closed to all outsiders. And it's not just outsiders, most of the palace's personnel are on standby outside, except for those who can be trusted."

When Charlotte didn't say anything herself, she meant for us to hear it from Savior Tana's mouth.

Charlotte gave me her secret, part of it.

"That is why, when the king brought you to me, I and Ser Dyrus were taken aback. Keep in mind that what was said between me and the King was circumstantial, not political. I have nothing to do with anything that comes from politics."

"......Yes."

Saviolin Tana.

It's only the Emperor's power, and she's not involved in politics at all, as she has a big business card as the head of the Charnapelle. It's not her path, she says.

"You must be a superhero."

"Yes."

"Then you know more than most about the dangers of superpowers, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Your psychic power is one of those dangerous ones. It's the kind of power that's hard to control, and that's why it can't be revealed to the public. Until now, you've been focusing on controlling your powers."

Charlotte's superpower.

My only prediction is that it's an offensive ability, and that it's taking it easy because it's the kind of power that shouldn't be revealed.

"I can't go into details. However, both the Imperial Family and you are having difficulty controlling your powers, which is why it is becoming difficult for you to live in the Temple any longer."

"It's ......."

Dangerous and uncontrollable psychics are removed.

Charlotte's power is that kind of power, and it could end up putting other students at Temple in danger.

So Charlotte can no longer come to the temple.

Charlotte soon quits Temple.

It could be a month from now, it could be next week, it could be today.

If this is true, then Charlotte's statement that Bertus is irrelevant is true.

That said.

The story of the death of a man in the Palace of Spring can be found at.......

In other words, someone died because Charlotte's powers got out of control.

Murder.

It was the reason why Charlotte was returning to the Imperial Palace instead of her dormitory.

"Today was unusual in many ways, and don't think you'll be able to visit the Palace of Spring in the future."

It's not a power struggle, it's Charlotte disappearing from the Temple because she failed to control her powers.

Before that.

What are Charlotte's powers?

Why the hell is Saviolin Tana here.

Why did my mood send me an alert today.

-Flash!

-curl!

In a flash of lightning, a flash of light, and a flash of light, I look up at Tana, the viola.

The raindrops running down her cheeks as she walked aimlessly in the rain were like tears.

"If Charlotte completely fails to control her ability....... what happens?"

"I have no reason to tell you."

Saviolin Tana says without looking at me.

Her expression was as serious as mine.

She looked like she was trying to decide something.

You're committing to something you don't want to commit to.

Saviolin Tana.

Why is the strongest man in the world single-handedly in charge of guarding this palace?

Why you're alone.

As far as I can tell, the only other guard besides her is Dyrus.

"If Charlotte gets out of hand, you're here to take over."

-Flash!

In a flash of light, Savior Tana squinted.

My intuition sent me a strong warning today. I was still feeling those red flags.

That said.

It was going to be about Charlotte dying today.

By the hand of Saviolin Tana.





第 268页





Saviolin Tana is staying at the Palace of Spring to deal with Charlotte in the event of an emergency.

It wasn't about Charlotte's safety, it was about Huang Sheng's safety.

It was clear.

"Save your words, Reinhardt, I don't have much patience."

In the rain, Saviolin Tana said.

Even if you were her friend, it was presumptuous to say that you were tasked with killing her. Was she standing out in the rain because she wanted to torment herself?

I do not know the relationship between Charlotte and Saviolin Tana. But it's a job that requires touching the body of the most noble of men, especially the Emperor.

It's a direct order from the Emperor, and I'm sure Charlotte accepts it.

But if you're in the position of having to do that command yourself, you'll feel like hell.

Something will happen today. But that's just a gut feeling warning, not a guarantee.

Before I knew it, the Palace of Spring was slipping away.

I shouldn't go back to the template.

I can't leave Charlotte behind.

But how.

Neither Charlotte nor Savior Tana would allow me to stay here at The Palace of Spring. I have crossed too many lines. I have already allowed too much by being Charlotte's friend.

We don't know if Bertus knows about this, but if he does, he's probably not paying attention to Charlotte. There's no point in messing with a competitor who'll just fade away.

I was already getting close to my stop.

"I'm sure you know the entrance to the palace, and I'd love to take you there, but I can't be gone for long."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, Lord Tana."

Normally, I'd have to make sure I was leaving the palace properly, but this was a special case.

She drove me to my stop and then headed back to the Palace of Spring.

I am not allowed to stay.

There was no one at the stop. Everyone who was supposed to go home had already gone home. They didn't want anyone to see Charlotte's condition. The Palace of Spring is operating with a minimum of people.

Now, even the least of them have been bitten, except for Dyrus.

I don't want anyone to see Charlotte die at the hands of Chief Chanapelle, just in case.

This means that right now, the Palace of Spring is very poorly defended.

Is it possible to secretly watch what's going on?

The Palace of Spring would be her domain. Is it possible to hide my presence from her senses and infiltrate the Palace of Spring to observe the situation?

Whether you can or not, you should.

Near the palace in the dreary spring that has bitten people far and wide.

Now it was time to mess up again.

Not for me, but for Charlotte.

Just as you did when you first fell into this world.

Just as I had gambled my life away at Demon Castle, I had to gamble my life away at Yellow Castle.

I can't stand by and watch the first life I saved slip away like this.

A fall rainy night in the dark.

Saviolin Tana is a nervous wreck. But not the kind of nerves that make you wary of your surroundings.

She's probably focused solely on Charlotte. The depression and confusion she feels for herself also seems pretty deep.

My self-implication there.

I don't know if it's possible or not to do this after the fact, but I'll try.

Then, one more thing.

Use 'retire'.

Saviolin Tana is unaware of my infiltration of the Palace of Spring.



[It takes 2,000 achievement points to cause that event].



It's not an unlikely event, but it's not cheap either.

In the past, this would have been enough to buy a talent. With this score, I have imprinted the talent of Self-Suggestion.

A combination of circumstances and conditions make it possible to fool the grandmaster's senses, at least for the moment.

Your current achievement score is 5,930 points.

If I could have Charlotte today, I would have spent it, even if I had to spend all of these points, and if I didn't have enough, I would have borrowed it.



[Use 2,000 achievement points].



When Saviolin Tana disappeared beyond the gardens, I left my stop and headed back to the Palace of Spring.

Place the umbrella among the flowers in the garden, and also use self-implication.

No one can feel me.

Strong implication.

My self-implication is even more powerful in these real-world situations.

It responds to my tension and desperation.

I can't let Charlotte die. My sense of urgency that something is going to happen today has allowed me to do things I wouldn't normally be able to do.

I succeed in infiltrating the Palace of Spring.

Confidence I have mixed beliefs.

I don't know if I'm really going away, but the rain actually dampened the noise and I moved very carefully.

I've created a situation where she doesn't notice me by retreating, but if I suddenly lunge and grab her by the hindquarters, she'll definitely notice.

What's hidden is only a pretense.

Don't be lulled into a false sense of security.

I approached the distant Palace of Spring again.

In the cold rain, the petals were falling, battered by raindrops.

-shoot

Tana on her way home in the fall rain.

I followed in the rain.



* * *



Saviolin Tana was not aware of her surroundings.

As I suspected, she appeared to be in a state of mental overload due to the gravity of her assignment.

As we walked, we would stop and stare at the Palace of Spring.

I couldn't tell what he was thinking.

But in front of me, in front of Charlotte, I could feel a deep sadness in her back that she hadn't shown.

I didn't expect to meet Saviolin Tana before the events of the Gate, and I only had a vague idea of her history, but I didn't flesh out the details.

Saviolin Tana did not participate in the Great Demon War. Or, more accurately, she did not participate.

The Emperor has tethered her to the ecliptic in the name of ensuring that the most powerful force remains to defend it.

You didn't use your power where you needed it most.

That's a big part of her sense of debt and guilt.

She trained Ludwig to be a bully, but only because of the special circumstances of the world's peril, not because her heart was evil.

Saviolin Tana dies saving Ludwig.

He apologizes to Ludwig for all his harsh behavior.

On the outside, she's a cold and distant person, but on the inside, she's anything but.

Rather plain.

He's just an ordinary guy who was so strong that he had to carry a lot of weight.

Saviolin Tana is a sassy senior at EpinHauser.

After graduating from the Temple and joining the Chanapelle, she would have been a knight of the Empire for decades. She's even been nicknamed the Protector of the Empire.

As such, she would have had a lot to do with royalty.

What was his relationship with Charlotte like?

I don't know, but I could tell from her hesitant steps that she cared about Charlotte.

As I watched Savior Tana return to the Palace of Spring, I too entered the palace.

As I walked into the palace's entrance, I didn't feel any magical barriers.

I would have thought that if there was such a thing, my gut would have warned me, but I didn't feel it at all.

Even the guards, including magical barriers, have been disarmed or deactivated. Or even the wizarding staff that was in charge of such things has been evicted.

Just like you don't need a lock on your house if you don't have anything to steal.

The Palace of Spring, which even Sarkhegar could not infiltrate, had become all too easy to infiltrate under the shadow of death.

Thanks to Charlotte's guidance, I had a general idea of what was around the palace.

If it's been a few days, I might have forgotten about it, but I just heard about it.

The only people in this huge, empty palace are Savior Tana, Darius, and Charlotte.

The lights were on, but there was no one to see me.

-Rumble

It was an ominous sound, but now the thunder and rain would drown out my footsteps.

What am I supposed to do here. I don't know anything yet.

Vague confidence.

Because of that one unspeakable feeling, I infiltrated the Empress's palace, refusing to be told to go back.

If I'm caught in a bad situation, even with Charlotte's good graces, Savior Tana will not leave me alone.

If you get it wrong, you really die.

I moved in the palace's illumination, ducking into the few dark spots, moving in the shadows.

Strengthens hearing.

-Currrrr!

With enhanced hearing, thunder sounds deafeningly loud, and rain sounds more detailed.

Self-Suggestion is now Rank B. You succeeded in enhancing your magic power and have been training consistently since then, and your rank has increased.

Therefore, its utilization is increasing. Not only is the range of applications expanding, but the methods we've been using are becoming more and more effective.

It was natural to be able to distinguish the sound I wanted to hear from the noise. This had been possible before, but with greater granularity.

In the sound of the rain, I could even distinguish the slightly different texture of the water as it trickled down the ceiling of the palace.

It was easy to distinguish the sound of the viola tana walking in the sound field, and I could somewhat predict its distance from me.

We don't have a floor plan of the entire palace, but we have a general idea of the locations.

On the second floor, in the hallway on the left, Charlotte's bedroom is on that side. Saviolin Tana is heading there now.

I could make out the sound in the dark corner of the first floor hall.

This is probably due to the fact that the palace is completely silent. The only other sounds were thunder and rain.

-Your Highness?

-You're in.

-Yes.

Dyrus's voice cut in.

I heard the door open.

-Electricity, are you okay?

-No, not yet.

I could hear Charlotte's nonchalant voice.

Charlotte's superpower.

How dangerous is this power that the Emperor must kill the Empress, and how has Charlotte come to terms with it herself?

Because your powers went wild and killed people?

-Dalcock

I heard the door close, and I could hear no more sounds from inside.

Probably due to soundproofing.

We need to get a little closer.

Heading upstairs to the second floor, he checked to see if Darius had made it into Charlotte's bedroom, but there was no one in the hallway.

Just in case, I ducked into an alcove in the hallway and crept closer to Charlotte's bedroom.

Don't make a lot of noise.

I've managed to keep Saviolin Tana from detecting my presence, but don't put too much stock in that.

You're fooling people you would never normally fool.

The closer I get, the more I fantasize about Tana the viola suddenly leaping out and grabbing me by the throat.

The rain should have chilled me to the bone, but my nerves made me feel feverish.

I'm breaking out in a cold sweat.

The good news is, they can't work magic.

If I had noise canceling on, I wouldn't have heard it at all. As I got closer to Charlotte's bedroom, I could detect a voice, very faint, coming from inside the room.

-Yet....... Don't remember?

-Ne.......

I could hear Tana's worried question and Charlotte's depressed answer.

What do you mean you don't remember?

-I think the time is coming, and when it does, please don't hesitate. Lord Tana.

-That will not happen. Surely, there must be a way to resolve Your Highness's condition....... The imperial family is searching as best they can.

The imperial family tries to find a way, but I can already hear the hopelessness in Savior Tana's tone.

-I don't think I'll be able to figure it out before my condition becomes more serious.

Charlotte was negative, and Darius and Tana couldn't deny it.

-Sire, we still need to find the child.......

-Please, please. I don't know how many times I've said it, don't talk about him.

Charlotte muttered nervously at Dyrus's words.

If it's him, he's probably referring to me.

Dyrus thinks that if he finds me, I might know how to make Charlotte's condition better? Why on earth?

If Charlotte's superpower is dangerous, what does that have to do with me?

The ominous forebodings and numerous hints were increasingly leading me to imagine things I didn't want to think about.





第 269页





-Your Majesty, I have heard stories about the child, but....... If that child can improve your condition, I must meet him at least once, I promise you. Even if the child knows nothing, I will protect his safety with my honor. Where is the child?

-I don't know, I don't know, the sealer doesn't know, the kid doesn't know where he is in the end, so it's all pointless.

Charlotte had said that she and I were the only ones who had a clue about Bali.

For some reason, you didn't tell the vassals about my whereabouts.

Did it have something to do with what Charlotte was going through, and Charlotte is no longer in contact with Valerie because she thinks I might be in danger?

It is very likely that Charlotte's powers are not superpowers.

If it's just a superpower that's dangerous, there's no reason for it to offer to find me.

-I have made a vow, Lord Tana. If I ever get blood on my hands again, kill me.

......In the end.

When someone died in the Palace of Spring, it was Charlotte's doing.

The power ran wild, and Charlotte killed people.

And you don't remember it.

-......charge.

-Promise.

-......No promises.

-Promise me, please.

Savior Tana gave no answer to Charlotte's begging for death.

The conversation is over.

I quickly hid in the instrument storage room at the end of the hallway on the right, next to the performance room. The door was open, and there were no instruments stored there. The only way I knew it was an instrument room was because it was full of what looked like racks.

The musicians would have taken all the instruments.

I thought about closing the door, but the sound of it might be detected, so I hid myself in the darkness of the room.

There is no use for Charlotte here, no use for Darius and Tana on the viola. The recital hall is empty, and this place is even more empty.

The vault was dark with no lights on, but that's not what I need, and all I need is sound.

This is actually a good thing.

-delay

Charlotte's bedroom door opened, and she heard Darius and Tana's footsteps.

-Wouldn't it be better to watch him sleep?

-to no avail. I've tied myself up and slept, but it was all for naught.

-......So, you're still not out of the palace yet?

-I guess, but....... Maybe it's just that you don't deviate.

-You mean you might show up at Tetra or the Winter Palace?

-I'm just guessing. We can only hope it's not possible.......

It's clear that they're talking about an event that's already happened, but I don't know what that event is, so I can't follow the conversation.

No restrictions on movement.

I only understood that it had something to do with Charlotte's abilities.

-By the way, is your shoulder okay?

-......It's okay, it's not a big deal, I was just caught off guard. I can still handle it.

-Will you not go to the priest?

-......It's dangerous for me to have a record of being treated by a priest. Your Highness could hurt me....... You know what I mean.

-Yes.

-His Majesty may be listening. I shall refrain from such talk.

-I see....... I was careless.

Charlotte's abilities went into overdrive or something, and Saviolin Tana was injured.

To the point of hurting her.

Is Charlotte's power enough to hurt Ms. Chanapelle?

They seem to have kept the very fact that Charlotte attacked Savior Tana a secret.

Charlotte's powers run amok, she loses her cool, and Savior Tana, acting defensively, finally realizes it's too late and kills her.

-um.......

As they neared the palace staircase leading down to the first floor, Savior Tana stopped walking.

-Is something wrong?

I feel it.

She's on guard.

-something.......

I held my breath.

Clear presence.

Saviolin Tana feels nothing. She wonders how much time has passed.

-You didn't sleep well, no big deal.

-Seventh?

-Is it a day....... No. Is it a week, I'm not sure.

-Don't you need to rest during the day?

-This is one thing, but I'm also the head of Chanapelle, and I don't have time for that.

-I see.......

Government by day.

Charlotte's bodyguard at night.

It seems like Saviolin Tana hasn't had a break at all in quite some time.

The two of them moved again, descending the stairs.

I didn't let out the breath I'd been holding.

More.

Get a little further away.

-Well done, Dyrus. Go back.

-Yes, sir....... But are you okay? You look tired.

-That doesn't mean you can't stay.

-I see.......

-Sorry. I didn't mean to be mean. I'm just a bit, well, sensitive.

-No, I didn't think of it that way at all.

-That's great, then. Get some rest, you've been through a lot.

-Well, hopefully nothing happens.

-Yes.

Darius left the Palace of Spring.

I thought the reason for reducing the number of people in the palace was so that no one would see Charlotte killed by Savior Tana, but there were other reasons as well.

It's also to prevent someone from being victimized by a rampaging Charlotte.

There are only three people left in the palace.

Me, Saviolin Tana, and Charlotte.

It would mean that my life could be in danger at any moment. ......

Should I leave the palace? I'm already in danger.

I didn't know if the red flags my gut was throwing up were for Charlotte or for my own safety.

I heard Saviolin Tana slump into a chair in the hall.

It's right to get out of here. Charlotte's powers are powerful, Tana can handle it, and I'm pretty sure I can't.

It's more likely to be you who's at risk.

-Rumble

You can't even get out in the first place.

Saviolin Tana sat in the hall that was now the entrance to the palace. As if to keep an eye on things.

-Pat!

The corridor was getting clearer as Saviolin Tana manipulated something.

No, the magic light also illuminated my instrument vault.

Saviolin Tana suddenly lit up the entire palace.

Any chance of escape under cover of darkness was gone.

If you want to leave, you have to leave while she's away.

As expected, the viola tana did not move.

I couldn't move either.

The die has already been cast.

Hoping that nothing will happen, but knowing that something will.

I held my breath.



* * *



It was a boring time.

However, it was a horribly nerve-wracking time.

I kept focusing on killing him with self-suggestion to avoid being picked up by Savior Tana's senses.

Saviolin Tana was frozen in place.

In a temple, my undo might be a problem.

If nothing happens, what excuse do I have for taking my time leaving the planet?

Secondary issues are starting to surface, but that's all for me and Charlotte to deal with once we get through the day.

It's already late at night.

It must have been past midnight.

Saviolin Tana has somehow managed to illuminate the entire palace, which is deserted.

As if to drive away the darkness.

The instrument closet I'm in is also lit, but it's a blind spot anyway. She didn't notice me.

What a boring time that was.

-pot

The lights in the Instrument Vault have gone out.

That wasn't all.

The light from the hallway also disappeared after a while.

We don't know how they control the lighting in the palace.

Saviolin Tana didn't move. Did she put out the fire?

Why turn off all the lights all of a sudden?

No.

It's not like she put out the fire.

As I cautiously poked my head out into the hallway, I saw a different sight.

The magic lights throughout the palace flickered and flickered, then went out one by one.

-Now....... Until this.......

Saviolin Tana's voice is a small monologue. It was a voice that sounded alarmed and afraid.

I can't think of anything other than Charlotte turning off the lights.

How this is possible.

Why are they doing this.

Unknown.

Saviolin Tana gets up from her seat and moves. The direction she's moving is toward Charlotte's bedroom.

I huffed and puffed, my whole body stiffening to avoid detection.

I don't want her to find me.

Now that I've used it to the point of retirement, a number of coincidences and events have intertwined to ensure that I will not be discovered. It would include the condition that I conceal my presence with all my might.

Going undetected is the future, but if I suddenly start screaming, you'll never know.

I have no intention of testing whether or not I can change a predetermined future.

You can't make a gamble you're already taking more risky.

-Charge!

-If you are awake, please answer!

Saviolin Tana calls out as she walks down the hall.

-Charge!

She heads to Charlotte's bedroom and calls out for her.

A springtime palace in the dark.

-Flash!

-currrrr

It was a rainy night, which made it even darker, and I could barely make things out without the occasional flash of brain light.

No, it's not the light from the lightning that's causing your eyes to adjust to the darkness. The light actually hinders your vision.

-Charge!

There was a cry of desperation from Saviolin Tana.

-delay

I heard Charlotte's bedroom door open.

-.......

There was no sound from Savior Tana, not even the sound of a door opening before she opened it.

If so, Charlotte is sleeping.

-And....... Gone.......

It's gone.

I could hear the tired, despairing voice in my head.

The moment.

-Flash!

"!"

I almost screamed for a moment.

In that moment, as the light bulb went off in my head, I saw something.

Something is in front of you.

was.

-currrrr

There was a moment of silence after the thunderstorm, followed by a clap of thunder that rattled the windows.

What is.

Now.

What's in front of me?

I squinted and stared ahead, but I couldn't make out the shape of the thing watching me in the darkness. I wasn't mistaken.

Something was definitely watching me.

Suddenly, something that wasn't there a moment ago is there.

-Flash!

Once again, the lightning bolt dispelled the darkness for a moment.

A shape appeared before my eyes, for a split second, and then it was gone.

I saw it clearly.

What geometry.

He was smiling at me.

Although she looks like Charlotte.

Something that was never Charlotte was watching me in the pitch blackness.

I couldn't see anything.

But the presence of the thing in front of me was palpable.

-H.

-hmph.

-hhhhh.......

-hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.......

'It's' eerie chuckle brushes the nape of my neck.

-Flash!

In my oblivion, I could see it properly.





Dark hair and eyes as black as the abyss.

And a red pupil with a vertical slit.

Well, more like the devil himself.





Episode 270.





The fact that I didn't scream was purely due to the amount of force I put into my jaw that made my molars clench.

If it weren't for the divine spirit sustaining me, I would have passed out or bitten my tongue long ago.

And.

Comes.

Something.

In the dark, scared for it to reach for me, I rolled to the side.

-Snarl!

You don't know what went by.

I just felt intensely threatened and instinctively rolled away.

Something brushed past where I was. I couldn't tell what it was, but I knew it would have been dangerous.

One thing is clear.

Charlotte attacks me.

"Your Majesty!"

In response to the laughter, Tana, the viola, had already arrived at the instrument storage room.

"......Why are you here?"

As my eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness, I could gradually make out the figure of Saviolin Tana, and then the figure of a being staring at me from the darkness. After a moment of being surprised by my presence, Saviolin Tana's expression turned to one of confusion as she looked at what was in front of her.

"Uh, how did....... I ended up like this......."

It was still staring at me with an eerie smile on its face. Was Charlotte's condition worse than before?

"Step back. I'll ask you questions later."

As if to say that questioning the situation was for later, Savior Tana waved me off.

"Don't move away from me. You will die."

I could finally see what it was that had been creeping up on me.

The darkness, refined to a blade, as if animated, shoots out.

-Quack! Quack!

She drew her sword in a flash, activating her Auror Blade to meet the onrushing darkness.

With a roar, the shadows scattered into the air and shattered.

"Your Majesty, you must come to your senses!"

"......hhhh. Hmph."

It didn't respond to Tana's words.

-Kurrrrrr

The darkness rose, and once again the stagnant blades rushed toward her.

Saviolin Tana stood in front of me, parrying Shadow's blade with her auror blade.

In the blink of an eye, she was parrying blades from four or five directions with ghostly speed. The wind pressure on my skin as sword and shadow collided was a testament to the power involved.

Deals with darkness, or shadows.

That was Charlotte's power.

Charlotte's powers were as powerful as they were creepy.

But Tana had the upper hand. Every attack was blocked, and she even had time to spare.

However, she couldn't hurt Charlotte.

You can't attack, so you're forced to play defense.

But it must be subdued.

Step by step, through the rain of shadows, she approached Charlotte.

Reach.

Savior Tana defies the odds and grabs Charlotte by the scruff of the neck.

-Flash!

Charlotte's figure was nowhere to be seen as the lightning bolt illuminated the window.

"......damn."

She gritted her teeth and stared at the spot where Charlotte had disappeared.

It was a short fight, but one that would have killed a normal man a hundred times over. I wouldn't have lasted three rounds in that attack.

She turned around and looked at me.

Anger burned in her eyes, as palpable as depression.

-Pak!

"Boom!"

She grabbed me by the scruff of the neck and shoved me against the wall.

"You fool! Why didn't you go back? Did you think you could be of any use to the king here? You fool! If I hadn't come, you would have been dead! Don't you realize how precious life is?"

She was spewing honest anger, as if she would blow my head off at any moment. She raised her sword and pointed it at my throat.

"There are things in the world you shouldn't know, things you shouldn't see. You have disregarded the King's considerations, and you have disregarded mine. For that, you will pay with your life."

She was ready to thrust her sword in and kill me at a moment's notice.

Charlotte was a demon to behold.

It would be a huge scandal for the world to know that an imperial family, or the heir to the throne, is like that.

There will be tales of being kidnapped and cursed by a demon castle.

And, in reality, it's probably not much different.

That can't be a superpower.

It's clear that the Devil has done something to Charlotte. Whether she knows it or not, that much is certain.

That's why the imperial family kept it a secret. There was no reason to spare me, who had seen it with my own eyes.

Death was at hand, but strangely enough, I wasn't afraid.

than Saviolin Tana's surging momentum right now. Charlotte's appearance just now was more terrifying.

"Of course I'm not worthy of my life."

"......what?"

My life is not insignificant.

I don't want to die.

However, I was more afraid that Charlotte wouldn't be able to come back after looking like that.

"I'm just here because I care about Charlotte's life as much as I care about my own, and I want to do something about it."

"Arrogant bastard. You're overconfident in your abilities."

Her cold, searing eyes bore into me.

"I'm not being arrogant."

"Then what is this presumptuous behavior of yours, if not arrogance!"

"It's desperation."

Charlotte's life.

That was already a reason in itself for me.

Therefore, I entered the palace with only a strange sense of insecurity, defying the orders of the Empress and the Knights of Shanapelle to infiltrate the Palace of Spring.

For the first time, I risked my life to do something.

I can't stand to see Charlotte's life wasted.

She looks into my eyes. As if to see if there's any suspicion, arrogance, or manipulation in my eyes.

Her sword trembled as she held it to my throat.

How long has it been.

Her sword was carefully lowered.

She cleared her throat, still glaring at me.

"Your disposition will be decided by His Majesty at daybreak tomorrow."

But she had a look in her eyes that assured me no harsh punishment would be meted out.

"May I ask what's going on?"

"No one knows."

"What do you mean you don't know ......?"

"No one knows what's going on, no one knows. No one knows why you have this power, or why you are being consumed by it. Why does it take over your body at night?"

Tana's despairing expression mirrored the state of mind of the imperial family at the moment.

"We know nothing. We can only speculate that something happened to your Majesty in Demon City."

She gripped my shoulders, squinting into the darkness.

"Clearly, things are worse than before. Do not fall away from me. You, or rather, the 'it' that has taken over your body, moves through the darkness, sometimes in front of you, sometimes behind you, sometimes from the ceiling."

As if she couldn't hide more from what I'd already seen, she began to spill the beans about what she knew.

In fact, it appeared out of nowhere in front of me.

Because it moves on darkness.

So there's no point in tying her up, and she'll disappear even if you're watching her.

So she lit up the entire palace. Because if there was no darkness, there would be no darkness to ride in.

Saviolin Tana saw that it worked and continued to bathe the palace in light at night.

But as of today, that method is broken.

It now also turns off the magic light on its own.

Night is its time.

"Does this happen every night?"

"Not every day. But it's getting more frequent. And this is the first time I've ever had to extinguish all the lanterns. Also, your Majesty's eyes....... Last time I looked, it was definitely only one of them......."

Her eyes were shaking with frustration at the situation.

"His aggression is also getting stronger. At first, he wandered around the palace at night like he was sleepwalking....... For some time now......."

She stammered.

She didn't seem to be able to talk about the murders.

"Regardless, you must leave the palace. It's dangerous here, and the punishment I'm about to inflict on you is only possible if you're still alive. If you misbehave again, this time I will truly blow your head off."

"Okay."

Saviolin Tana took one cautious step after another, straining to maximize her senses.

In the dark, I can see through the darkness with enhanced eyesight. I can see in the dark more accurately than most humans. I'm also less prone to distracting brain light.

-shoot

Tana moved cautiously through the corridors of the palace in the spring, the sound of rain echoing in the air. I need to get down to the hall on the first floor and leave the palace. She'll try to send me away first.

"What are you going to do?"

"We'll have to subdue them, because that's what we've been doing."

Inevitably, violent means have been used to subdue them.

You've probably heard of blending into the darkness and stunning them before they can get away.

So far, so good.

Judging by her reaction, my gut reaction to the warning was one.

Today is a starting point.

Where only one pupil was covered, both eyes were now covered.

The force that's been eating away at Charlotte has gotten even stronger today.

Tana ultimately fails to subdue Charlotte and ends up killing her.

So how the hell am I supposed to stop it?

The Devil is involved. Charlotte's power is a byproduct of that.

That's all we know.

Any shenanigans involving the devil.

But now wasn't the time to think about it.

Tana didn't move hastily. She looked forward, left, right, up, and down.

This was despite the fact that we weren't far from the palace entrance.

-Quack! Quack!

The shadowy blades flying out of the darkness were the reason Tana couldn't let her guard down. Those unearthly black blades were aimed at me, and they were aimed at Tana.

She fended off all of that single-handedly.

"Damn......."

In the darkness, I saw her clench her right hand through clenched teeth.

Before the stairs to the first floor, Tana gritted her teeth as she saw the entrance beyond the great hall.

The entrance to the great palace was blocked by a black barrier.

It was shrouded in darkness, to be precise.

And in that darkness, Charlotte, still wearing her creepy smile, watched the two of us.

"I don't think they're going to let me out, let alone you."

"......I think so."

It stood in the doorway, unmoving, as if inviting me to come closer.

A being that can move on darkness, and use that darkness to attack us.

In this dark place, the two of us may be nothing more than toys.

They may be far away, but they may also be right in front of you, riding the darkness.

"Obviously, I was able to take him down without too much trouble. I just got caught off guard and got a little injured."

If it was just a minor injury, I wouldn't even mention it.

So, it's not going to be a shallow injury.

"......."

"But I don't know what that thing is, so I'm not sure I can take it down safely this time."

The continent's strongest player was calmly looking at the possibility of defeat.

The mysterious opponent has the best battlefield and environment. And as of today, its power has only grown stronger.

But then there's Saviolin Tana, who hasn't had a day's rest in over a year, and whose injuries have not been properly treated.

Tana was in the worst shape.

But even a loss due to poor conditioning is still a loss.

When you die, it's all over. You can't even say that if you were at your best, you could have taken him down without a fight.

No way. It's not Charlotte who dies today, it's Saviolin Tana.

Was my intuition warning me that Tana's life was in danger, not Charlotte's?

Saviolin Tana is one of the main players in the second half.

If she dies, that too will be an inflection point in history. In a very negative way.

But just because Saviolin Tana dies today doesn't mean Charlotte will live.

If Charlotte doesn't die today and you kill Savior Tana, Charlotte will die tomorrow.

If it's a dangerous enough power to kill Tana, and I can't control it, I'm going to have to deal with it immediately, even if it's a princess.

Savior Tana dies, and so does Charlotte.

If so, I die today.

There is only one variable, me.

I have to do something about this situation.

But in both of these fights, I was too small a variable.

"Reinhardt, you said you did the enchantment yourself."

"It's ......."

I can't say that it's anything close to practical.

"I will fight to protect you, but there is no guarantee that I will be able to protect you. Remember, my priorities are first to deliver, second to me, and last to you."

She handed me her sword.

"That shadow can't be countered except with enchanted power. You can't enchant a sword, but this one should be able to parry it."

She could summon an Auror Sword, so she seemed to want to fight with it.

Sword of Saviolin Tana.

Not a holy object, but one of the Empire's national treasures.

Tempesta, a windblade.

There before me was Ludwig with the Alsbringer, the sword that Ludwig had claimed as a relic of Tana and made his second sword.

"Okay."

Summoning an Auror Sword will take a lot of stamina.

Don't do anything that will make Tana's condition worse.

"said. It can be difficult to protect......."

-Snarl

I, summoned it.

"I have a black one."

"Soul Binding......?"

Her eyes widened when she saw the milky white sword in my hand.

"This....... This......! Yeah, how could you do this!"

She stared in horror at the Tuan's holy relic, Tiamata, in my hand.

"We'll talk about that later."

I never thought I'd use it in a place like this.

I now have to take my first real test with Tiamata.

It's not a robber, it's not a monster, it's not a villain who deserves to die.

My first friend.

They have to play a real game against Charlotte.

She crumpled all her questions inside for now.

"......Yes."

She and I both knew what we were doing, after all.





Episode 271.





Its face contorted as it watched me. It went from smiling in amusement to displeasure.

You recognize Tiamata.

-Kurung!

From the dark wall that blocked the entrance, waves leapt, not blades.

We realized that it wasn't going full throttle, it was just messing around.

That should convince you.

Dying today. That it was Saviolin Tana.

"Suck!"

-Koo-koo-koo-koo!

You can't stop a wave with a sword.

She wore no sword.

But she counteracted the darkness that surrounded her with a massive burst of energy from the magical shield that surrounded her body.

-curl!

It was enough to shake the palace to its foundations, and even I, watching it from the sidelines, would have been freaking out, regardless of the situation.

With a simple injection of pure magic, he dispelled the waves of darkness.

Even a superhuman can't do this to an S+ ranked Grandmaster level monster with horsepower beyond that of a superhuman.

I couldn't believe that this was the power I was using at my worst.

Darkness swirls around us from all sides. Charlotte is in front of me, blocking our path, but I turn away at the intense sense of discomfort I feel behind me.

The darkness is closing in on me.

While maximizing your physical strength.

Believe.

I'll never be able to do it as well as Saviolin Tana.

I believe I can do it.

No.

It's not even about believing.

I have already succeeded.

The second should be easy.

With a feeling of extreme exaltation coursing through my body, I parried the incoming blade of darkness with a thiamatha.

-Quang!

"Boom!"

I could barely contain my admiration for not coughing up blood.

There was so much power in that thing, I thought it would tear my grip.

-Bang! Quack! Quack!

Savior Tana descended the stairs, inch by inch, closer to Charlotte.

Is this fight worth it?

If you approach, she'll melt into the darkness and disappear, but can you subdue her before she does?

Just because I was able to do it before doesn't mean I can do it now. Charlotte was focusing her attack on Saviolin Tana rather than me.

I just need to be alive.

I just need to stay out of Tana's way. The moment I make her pay attention to me, it's all over.

-shii profit!

-Bam!

"Ugh!"

It is fortunate that Tiamata has a valid response to this darkness. A lesser sword would have been sliced or grazed by this dark blade.

This is not swordplay. I was never taught to fight these things.

But in a fight, you can't pick your opponent.

You don't know how, but you have to do it.

I had no choice but to keep an eye on the attacks coming at me and focus on countering them.

-Quack! Quack!

Savior Tana charges at Charlotte with a monstrous ferocity that makes you wonder if this is a human fight.

When waves of darkness wash in, they are repelled with a blast of magic, and blades are scattered with a single sword pressure.

I had no idea what it was capable of when it was at its best.

Savior Tana rushed in on Charlotte at the last minute and tried to grab her.

-Snarl

It would just fade away into the darkness.

"Damn......!"

It appeared twenty paces to Tana's right.

Around Charlotte, shadows formed like spears.

-Bang, bang, bang!

Once again, she lunges in.

I tried to break through the storm of blades and subdue Charlotte, only to have her vanish into the darkness before I could reach her.

She's a spear that pierces through anything, but the shield she's supposed to pierce doesn't allow her to hit.

If so, you need to be faster. You want to catch it before it dissolves.

However, Xavier Tana, already at full strength, couldn't get any faster.

To be faster, you need to reach for your sword, not your hand.

Soon, inevitably, you will have to kill Charlotte.

With only the option of subjugation, Saviolin Tana could only see a future where she was killed by the Dark One in a war of attrition.

I was already pushed to my limits just trying to keep the incoming shadow blades at bay.

Xavier can't help Tana, and if he does, he'll only endanger her.

"Bam!"

It wasn't just poor conditioning.

I could see that her right shoulder was stained with blood.

Come to think of it, all this time she's been wielding a tempesta with her left hand.

He has no use of his right hand, but when the situation becomes urgent, he grabs his sword with both hands and wields it.

You must be right-handed.

If so, you are now a right-handed person using a sword with your left hand only.

Of course, swords are often wielded with both hands, but losing one arm means that your combat power is reduced by half, or even more.

As such, it was clear that Tana, a viola player who also uses her injured right arm, had an open wound that hadn't been properly treated.

The bloodshot eyes of Akmun Tana stood out.

"Khh...... hhh....... Hehe...... hi. 히힛......."

Charlotte was smiling.

I was enjoying watching Tana push herself to the limit.

Three times since then.

Tana used her injured right arm to get closer to Charlotte.

However, after a moment's hesitation, she reached for her hand, not her sword.

I was able to kill it three times, but it tried to subdue me all three times.

-Quang!

"Boom!"

As such, she was slammed into the wall by the dark blade with her right arm completely destroyed.

-Quack!

She hit a wall, and I could see her incontinence spiderwebbing against the wall she hit, as if she had hit a rock.

"K......!"

-Thump!

She spat up blood and sprawled on the floor.

No way.

It's dead.

Unknown.

If you're not already dead, you will be at this rate.

-shhhh!

For the final blow, it hurled its dark spear at Savior Tana.

I.

That.

It has to be stopped.

No.

Block.

-Bam!

My body, responding to my desperation, transcended the limits of the moment and drew back the spear of darkness that had lunged at Savior Tana.

I stepped in front of the fallen woman.

It looks at me with a creepy smile as I stand in its way.

I can't even tell if I'm being understood or not.

Is it a creature created solely out of malice.

It had only the intention of killing, and there was no dialog, no communication.

Saviolin Tana is unconscious.

Charlotte said that when her powers overwhelm her, she loses her memory.

If so, there's no reason to hesitate.

From the moment it happened. To a certain extent, I was expecting it.

If there's one person in the world who can push the strongest person in the world like this, even when they're at their worst, there's only one.

The Ancestral Demon, Balie.

Use Sarkhegar's Ring.

"I ask you as the rightful ruler of Darklands, the rightful ruler of the demon world."

I, returning to my Valier form, stare at it.

"Thou art, who art."

Unfortunately, I didn't get the reaction I was hoping for.

"hhhhhhhhhhh......."

It was merely chuckling, a deep, low chuckle, just like the first time.

It's not the devil.

I fix my Tiamata and stare at it, which is, after all, a mere shard of the demon's madness.

I didn't expect much from it, but the Demon Domination ability wouldn't work either. I don't know if it's because my abilities are low, or if it's because it's an Archdemon, albeit a dreg, and therefore immune to its effects.

The result is one.

Whether I showed up as Valerie or not, there was no option to avoid the fight.

I'm back to being Reinhardt again.

I didn't want to fight in Valerie's form.

Look at it and say.

"If you are not the devil, then you have not recognized your king, and that will be your sin......."

I fix Tiamata.

"If you're the devil, you don't even recognize your own children, so that's a sin, too."

"Hmph, hmph. Hmph. Heehee. Heehee."

Increasingly driven to madness, it prepares for a wave of darkness.

"But what pisses me off the most. is that you're in Charlotte's body, shaking the shit out of her."

-Woof

Tiamata cries.

The bizarre sensation that the sword itself is howling.

"I mean, if you pissed me off with whatever it was, you deserve it."

A cluster of dark spears rushes toward me.

Tiamata is in bad shape.

Right now, I think it's possible.

I stretched out my Tiamata, facing the window of darkness that was exploding in.

-Flash!

A blast of light centered on Tiamata filled the Palace of Spring in an instant.

Divine Magic, Sanctuary.

“캬아아아악!”

I succeeded in manifesting the magic that Olivia Ranze had planted in me.



* * *



For some time now, I've been doing this.

I share Tiamata with Olivia Ranze. So, I called Olivia up to talk about it.

About Tiamata.

"It's called Tiamata.

"Yes. Why?

"Honestly, what's the point?

'Still, it's a holy object....... Isn't that a bit harsh?

"Well, it's not a god, it's just a bunch of stuff for a god to make, and I didn't say that holy things are useless.

"So what's the point?

"I should say it's not compatible.

Olivia understood what I was talking about.

'Hmm....... 'Yes. Of the holy relics, Tiamata and Alixion have always been used by the Order. Reinhardt, you're the first to become a champion of Tuan without being a priest of Tuan, aren't you?'

I mean, I don't know how to use holy power, but this is a holy power amplifier, what am I supposed to do?

'But the sword itself is not so good, is it? Of course, it is said that if you harm an innocent life with the Tiamata, you will be judged by Tuan.'

"It's superstition.

There's no point in being an innocent bystander to a topic that turns into a dark holy grail in the first place.

'Well, I know that, but....... What if I told you that the official doctrine of the Tuan Order is superstition?'

'If it's not true, it's superstition. You should know better by now, shouldn't you?

'I am me, Reinhardt, but you are so....... You're relentless.......'

Anyway, that's the problem.

Tiamata is a very powerful artifact, but it's basically for priests and paladins, so in my hands it's nothing more than a decent knife.

It doesn't have the divine power of a lament or an alsbringer, but it's not my bread and butter.

Olivia looked at me blankly, as if to say, "So what?

"I mean, you and I co-own this thing, right?

'Heh, so it's like a jointly owned property, which is kind of nice.......'

"......No, why are we talking about that again?

'No, it's not co-owned real estate, it's a soul bond, Reinhardt. You and I are soul mates, aren't we? Ooh, we're already....... Ooh, we're....... You went as far as you could.......'

"Oh, stop it!

"I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!

"Shut up and listen to me.

'Cheat. What is it.'

For Olivia Ranze, who seems to have more and more characters, that's what she wanted.

"Tiamata is a holy power amplifier, so to speak.

"The divine power inherent in it is immense, whether in the form of Tuan or Kier.

"Can't I just drag that in?

"Hmm?

Olivia shook her head.

"So, you're saying you can harness the divine power within the sword itself?

"Yes.

'That's a creative idea. Perhaps I should join the Tuan Sect first? People would love it. A champion has come to me! And so on.'

"You know it's not like that.

I cannot use holy power. However, the holy objects I possess can be used by those with divine power to maximize their effectiveness. The Tiamata in my hand is a fine blade, and an even better one against the undead.

In the hands of a Paladin, however, it turns an otherwise humanoid vehicle into a human killing machine.

I want to do a better job of harnessing the power of Tiamata.

So I turned to Olivia Ranze.

"Why don't you imbue Tiamata with your power, and I can activate it when I need it?

'umm....... 'Well, there is such a concept. Like magical tools and artifacts, there are things that are enchanted with divine magic that non-believers can use.'

"Is there such a thing?

"Yeah, but I don't know if that would work for a holy object, and I'm talking about a very small-scale miracle, not a massive miracle or powerful divine magic.

"This is a unique situation. One object, two owners. Two soul bonds.

I hate to admit it, but at the end of the day, me and Olivia Ranze aren't souls connected, but we're using the same object as a medium.

I wanted to know if it was possible for me to have the kind of impact that Olivia had on Tiamata.

'Hmm. I don't know. I'll have to try and figure it out, but why this?

"It can't hurt to figure out how to make better use of relics, you never know when or where something might come up.

'Hmmm....... Are you trying to do something bad again?

"No, who said that?

'You're right, even if you don't think about it now, I'll definitely use it to do something bad to you later.'

Yes.

It was intentional then.

I didn't mean to write it this way.

When you're having trouble with the vampires of the Vampire Council, a strong divine power will come in handy.

It was a plan to intimidate the vampires, and I couldn't tell Olivia my true intentions.

With that intention, I had been training Olivia Ranze to imprint divine magic on the Tiamata and then draw on it myself.

Not surprisingly, it didn't work out.

I couldn't do that unless I imprinted a new divine power talent, and a divine power built on faith and prayer is incompatible with who I was before I was a demon. I have to believe in something else when it's enough to believe in me.

But for now, I was confident that it would work.

Tiamata cries.

That feeling, as if the sword had awakened, convinced me.

You can do it now.

“키아아아악! 캬악!”

-Currrrrr!

I tightened my grip on Tiamata, watching the light of the Sanctuary and the darkness of the demon's remnants writhing and clashing violently.

Holy Sword Tiamata.

It is responding to my will and exuding divine power.

I was watching the white letters glow in Tiamata's milky sword.



"I will purify the world with my anger.



It's a sudden realization.

Anger.

Tiamata reacts with anger.

My anger at that piece of dross that dared to try to consume Charlotte's soul. I was drawing on the power of Tiamata.

-Kurung! Kuroeung! kurung!

It spread its hands in agony and pushed toward me.

"Cr......gh!"

-Woof!

It's just the intangible force of light and the intangible force of darkness colliding.

But it and I seemed to be in a power struggle, pushing and shoving each other.

As it pushed me away, I was forced to take a step back, as if pushed by a repulsive force.

-Currrrr!

Light and darkness collide, creating a roar. Light and darkness collide, pushing each other out of the way.

The strongest sword for undead only.

But the light emanating from Tiamata.

That in itself was a solid countermeasure against a being that moved through the darkness and used it to attack.

The colliding beams of light were clearly immobilizing it.

It should be pushed out and overwritten.

You need to surround them with light and subdue them.

It's not a power I planted to use here, but I had to use it now.

Guided by the light from my sword, I took a step toward the dark entity that was desperately trying to push me away.

When you take a step forward with all your might, it takes a step back.

Drive them into a wall, bind them with light, and stun them.

-Kurung! kurung! Kwalung!

The fierce flurry of light and darkness was like fire and lightning.

The darkness recedes a little as I walk.

You can swallow the light of a magic lamp, but not the light of divine power.

-Crack!

I screamed at the top of my lungs as if the world was falling apart.

"Give me Charlotte!"

"Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

It let out a pained scream every time I walked by.

It's definitely having an impact.

I don't know if the answer lies in divine power or light, but it's suffering.

“캬아아아악! 캭!”

With an inhuman scream, the darkness surrounded and tried to consume the sphere of light that had spread around me.

-Koo-koo-koo! Kukukukuk!

The power of Olivia Ranze.

This was further amplified by a mediator called thiamatha.

Not only were they fending off the dark attacks of the mysterious entity, but they were also doing a good job of dispelling the darkness in the area.

Light is sporadic.

The light emanating from the sword, beyond the sanctuary, intertwined with the darkness like a serpent, burning it, and burning it away.

It was a grotesque shape of white and black flames.

It was an unbelievable mess, with beasts of light and beasts of darkness intertwining.

"Ugh!"

But the darkness wasn't going away anytime soon.

It was as if the embodied darkness was pushing the embodied light away, and in turn, pushing me away from holding it.

It was a bizarre sensation, as if Tiamata itself had been hit by the repulsive force of a powerful magnet.

-Kyaaaaaaaaah!

It screamed and reached for me, as if trying to push me away with all its might, and I was pushing my arms through it, trying to get in somehow.

It's exhausting.

-Currrrrrr!

We're not there yet.

-Woof!

And my opponent was stronger than me.

I'm getting pushed out.

Now that I was being pushed back, I had to focus all my energy on not going backwards instead of forwards.

"Salt...... disease....... I don't want to be on crutches again......!"

Strengthen the hand holding Tiamata.

Add.

I add all the power I have.

We're already stretched to the limit, but we have to squeeze it out somehow.

I don't have the confidence to not cough up blood.

Trusting that you won't cough up blood.

Hoping to reach it, and bring Charlotte back.

do.

Enchantment.

With his physical and magical enhancements at full strength, he tries to push back the darkness.

You have to move forward.

-Kurung!

An intensely uplifting feeling, like every cell in your body is waking up from the ends.

-Woof!

With the protection of Olivia Ranze, planted in Tiamata, as well as divine magic, strengthening my flesh.

-puddup. Puddle!

With intense strength training that makes every muscle in your body, every muscle fiber, scream beyond its limits.

I.

Believe.

I, for one, will take a step.

-Thump!

Even as he took a step forward, a boom rang out that shook the entire palace.

I could feel my muscle fibers firing and repairing in real time, my magic circuits burning, even as the divine power granted by Olivia Ranze strengthened my body to keep it from collapsing.

There are more than thirty steps to take.

It's not hard.

You walk away, and that's it.

It couldn't be easier.

It's just that the steps are a little heavier.

-Thump!

Twenty-nine steps to go.

-Currrr!

In the raging battle of darkness and light, there is little power that truly comes from me.

With the exception of magical enhancements and superpowers, all powers are borrowed.

No, even that is not my power; it is borrowed power.

There is one thing I can do.

To take a step through the pain of a body that feels like it's about to break.

Getting through the pain.

Staying sane.

Taking a step.

To keep walking that walk.

That's all there is to it.

I borrowed everything.

Mine has nothing.

All of them, borrowed properties.

I, who wield borrowed and unfair power, must be at least as vicious.

"Ewww......! Ewww!"

"Hmph, hmph! Heeheehee! Heeheeheehee!"

I didn't know if I was going crazy or terrified, but the black thing was screaming at me.

Keep believing.

I don't fall down.

I, take a step.

If we take that one step, now twenty-eight steps.

I can make it through tonight.

You don't know what will happen later, but you can save Charlotte today.

If tomorrow is also at risk.

You can save it for tomorrow.

And then tomorrow, the day after, three days, four days, and beyond.

You'll just have to get through each day.

To Charlotte, the child whose life I saved, beyond survival.......

More than that.

I'll let life happen.

I'll present it to you.

Pushing the boundaries of implication.

Pushing the boundaries of belief.

I dispel the darkness that casts a shadow where spring should be.

Let's put back what belongs here.

You love flowers.

I'll get it back.

Like the one that once saved you.

Again.

Despite.

And the next one after that. To be continued.

"Ugh, ah, ah, ah!"

-Thump!

One step.

-Thump!

Two steps.

-Woof!

Three steps at a time.

-Woody!

-Kyaaak! Kyaaak! Kyaaak!

Ignoring the pain of bones breaking and being put back together.

If you believe you feel, you will feel.

If you believe you don't feel something, you don't feel it.

Self-implication (自己暗示).

We're about to go beyond even that.

The blood from his eyes obscured his vision.

Still, they don't close their eyes.

-Woof!

Taking the next step, I look from the bloodshot vision straight ahead, toward something whose expression is growing increasingly frightened.

Toward the Demon's Remnant.

But at the same time, toward it, which is Charlotte.

Walk away.

-Woof!

-Currrrrrr!

Taking the steps I had broken through once, again and again, I was able to bring the being within my grasp.

"Kaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Its abysmal black hair flailed wildly in the light, and its slit red pupils glowed with awe and terror.

It's right around the corner.

It can't escape. Just as it was finding it hard to bear, I was finding it hard to bear.

In a moment of semi-elasticity that feels like my entire body is exposed to a flesh-tearing gale, I reach out and grab it by the throat.

The nails on his right hand, clutching the nape of Charlotte's neck, were broken and the bones twisted.

-Currrr!

"K....... ugh......! ugh......!"

Self-implication is a force that only works for you.

If you believe it, you become it.

You need to go beyond that.

I'm not the only one.

We need to make sure others do too.

"Go away......!"

"Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh! Heehee! Heeeeeew!"

I don't believe in my power to apply it to others.

must be declared.

It's not something that happens because you believe in it.

The power to make it happen because you say it will.

I want.

Because I want it, I will have it.

"Disappear from Charlotte's body!"



[The rank of self-suggestion increases].

[Reached Rank A in Self-Suggestion].

[Derived Ability Occurrence].

[Awakening of the Verbal Spirit].



-Flash!

I mean.

Moved the world.



* * *



In the dark.

A night in the rain.

-currrrr

In the darkness, Charlotte realized she was being held by someone.

"Uh huh....... Nu, who......."

"...... is up."

She couldn't see it clearly, but Charlotte knew it was Reinhardt's voice.

"Rhine......hard? Rhinehard?"

"......Yes."

He could tell by the crack in her voice that something was wrong: why hadn't she gone back, why was she here, in the halls of the palace, and not in her bedroom?

As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, Charlotte could see.

A fallen chandelier, a palace in disarray as if something had gone on a rampage.

And.

You're so badly injured, you're surprised to be alive.

I saw Reinhardt's face.





Reinhardt was using his lap as a pillow to lay Charlotte down, even though she was hurting so badly that it felt strange to be awake.

Although the circumstances are unknown.

I'm not sure why it didn't work.

Charlotte vaguely realizes.

"Did I....... hurt you......?"

Eventually, he lost his temper again, was possessed by a strange force, and injured Reinhardt.

I don't know anyone else who would do this.

In despair and guilt, Charlotte is about to burst into tears.

-sigh

"No."

Reinhardt, his hands so badly wounded that you could see the bones in them, ran a hand through his hair, trembling.

"It's not that you hurt me......."

Reinhard runs a hand through his hair and looks down.

"I saved you......."

Charlotte couldn't understand what he meant.

"Just so you know......."

It was true that I had hurt him, but Reinhardt said that only to remind me of something more important.

"Moo, what's going on. Reinhard, what's going on....... Something happened."

I would have liked to have gotten an explanation of what was going on, but Reinhardt was in no condition to do so.

"The flowers....... I'm sorry I threw them away."

Reinhardt was completely wrong.

That's just algebra.

He's hurt, and he's suddenly apologizing for saving his life, not looking for gratitude.

"When you receive something like....... In that situation, if you get something that means something like....... that. Because it might be the last gift I get from you....... and I hate that......."

Think of me.

Flowers that make sense.

Reinhardt, for one, knew it.

I knew the flowers were a parting gift.

"So....... I ditched......."

To reject Charlotte's insistent goodbye.

Reinhardt had thrown the flower away.

With those last words, Reinhardt fell unconscious.





Episode 272.





This is an unfamiliar ceiling.

This time it's really a strange ceiling.

No, it's not a ceiling in the first place.

I see something like a silk tent.

What is this.

How is the bed so big?

I pulled myself up and looked around.

That's an unfamiliar ceiling.

The room is not unfamiliar.

"......."

Here, I think this is Charlotte's bedroom?

Once I walked in, the view of the room was instantly recognizable.

I think I was sleeping in Charlotte's giant canopy bed right now.

"Hey, you're up!"

And Charlotte, who had seen me rise from a distance, practically threw herself at me and hugged me.

That's a big bed.

He's been watching me from the edge of my bed, and I've had to jump on the bed to get to him.

"Uh, uh....... Uh, yeah."

"It's okay. Does it hurt anywhere? Are your eyes or hands okay?"

"Uh, uh....... Yeah. Sounds good."

"Thank goodness....... Thank goodness......."

I wasn't worried about being sick, but I wasn't expecting to be, either, and unlike the last time I'd been enchanted, I was in near perfect condition. Charlotte hugged me, then pulled away slightly and looked at me.

Charlotte had tears in her eyes.

"That's good, that's really good, Reinhard."

"Uh....... Um. Uh, yeah. You okay?"

"Yeah. It's okay."

Charlotte hugged me once more, clear tears streaming down her face.

Charlotte didn't criticize or say anything else.

He didn't say anything for a while, just hugged me like he was glad I was okay.

At first I thought it was a bit of a whimper.

"Black....... ugh....... ugh......."

I cried a little, and Charlotte was overcome with emotion. I didn't know what to do, so I patted her on the back.

"Well, by the way....... That's all well and good, but it's not the first time I've done this, is it?"

"Ugh, ugh....... ugh......."

"It's been a few days since I passed out, and I need to know how things are going....... know."

I'm the kind of person who faints at the slightest hint of an unfamiliar ceiling quota, and when I wake up, the first thing I want to know is what's going on.

First of all, waking up in the Empress's bedchamber was a strange experience.

"Okay, wait a minute......."

Charlotte seemed to think she needed to stop crying first, so she took a long, hard breath and pulled away from me. Charlotte's eyes widened, and she covered her own.

"......were you swollen?"

"......would you like to pour it in?"

Uh, honestly, I just poured it in.

She can pour. She can pour. Charlotte lowered the hand that covered her eyes.

"Not much time has passed. Work was yesterday, and it's Friday. You're in my bedroom because....... I don't want anyone else to know you're in my palace."

I passed out on Wednesday, so I skipped Thursday, and then Friday.

"Fortunately, it was raining heavily and there was a severe thunderstorm, so we don't know what happened back then. Only you, me, and Lord Tana know what happened, since everything was bitten, including people and surveillance magic. The palace was pretty badly damaged, but....... That's none of your concern."

Saviolin Tana took the blame for what I did. But neither Charlotte nor Tana will ever know what really happened.

"I thought it would be best to keep it a secret that you were there, so I put you to sleep in my bedroom. The treatment was....... I thought about calling a priest, even though it's a little risky, but then I remembered....... elixir."

"......elixir?"

"Yes."

If it's an elixir, is it the elixir I think it is?

That's a national treasure that I know the empire doesn't have a few bottles of, so it's not like it's just a potion or something?

For some reason, I felt too well.

"Can I use that?"

"Why is this ......?"

I was strangely moved by his words.

"And it was Lord Tana who brought it, not me."

Cancel Impressions.

Chanapelle could have brought a bottle of elixir to use on her own.

I'm fine, by the way, but is he? I think he's fine, based on Charlotte's reaction.

-Your Highness, may I enter?

Too scared to speak, I heard Savior Tana's voice on the other side of the door. Charlotte looked at me.

I think it's a sign that it's okay to let them in.

What is.

She owns the room, but why is she asking for my permission?

I feel weird!

I nodded, and just as Charlotte called out that she could come in, Tana, a savior in full regalia, walked into Charlotte's bedroom.

"...... is up."

"Oh, yeah."

She didn't say much as she watched me sit nonchalantly on Charlotte's bed.

Charlotte, Tana, and I had a lot of questions.

How did Tiamata get there, what happened to her after she passed out, etc.

She pulled up a chair and sat down on the bed.

......Multi.

I'm sitting next to her, but we're far apart. Charlotte, who was sitting next to me, also scratched her cheek.

"......I need to change my bed."

An overly large and uncomfortable bed.

It didn't take long for me to realize why Charlotte was experiencing a new world from her dorm bed.

"I'm not even sick, let's sit around and talk."

I got off the bed and sat down on the couch.

Charlotte sat at the head table, and me and Tana sat across from her.

"First, I want to say thank you, Reinhardt. I don't know the details, but you saved my life and yours that day."

Despite the damage to the palace, Saviolin Tana would not have informed Charlotte that she had been overpowered in battle that day. If she had, Charlotte would not have been in her palace.

She would have made a false report. Tana's words sober Charlotte and she looks at me.

"I didn't say hello properly either. Thank you so much, Reinhard."

Charlotte smiles at me.

It wasn't the grotesque, eerie smile that Charlotte had displayed when she was consumed by power.

Yes.

I wanted Charlotte to keep showing me that smile.

Awakening an Elemental is secondary.

It wasn't about power, it was about Charlotte.

"Before you ask me anything, I'd like to know what's going on."

I stare at Charlotte.

"Your problem, is it solved?"

I awakened the spirit.

It took control of Charlotte's body and ordered her to disappear.

Is it, is it really gone?

I wanted to know something before it was explained to me. Charlotte gave me an ambiguous look.

"I don't know, but I was fine yesterday and....... That....... I have a feeling that's hard to put into words. It's unbearable. It's like something is eating me up. It's like anxiety, it's like a crisis, it's like something that's been bothering me at night, and it's gone, all of a sudden."

"And the ability itself?"

"Remain that."

My anxiety is gone. I don't know if that's enough, but it means Charlotte is safe for now.

The power to manipulate shadows remains. It's a source of anxiety. Charlotte is reluctant to use her powers, so she hasn't demonstrated them.

I finally understand why Charlotte hated her powers. Who likes a power that eats you up?

"Aye. We'll have to wait and see, but it's clear that something has changed in your Majesty. We've tried everything we can think of, both magical and divine. But none of it has worked."

Tana and Charlotte look at me.

"Reinhardt. What the hell did you do?"

Words.

It has already become my strength.

So that will show up in the physical scan.

"Apparently, my superpowers have gotten a little stronger."

I'm sure it will be judged as an overly dangerous power, but since I can't hide it, I had to tell the truth.



* * *



I outlined the situation.

The first thing I explained was Tiamata's case.

A sword of evil power from the Darklands.

For that matter, it was easy to tell Charlotte because she already knew. I told her that a supposedly demonic holy object had incompletely bonded with me, and that I had purified it to see what I could do, and that it had turned into Tiamata.

I left out the part about there being no distinction between demons and gods. It just said that Tiamata had fallen.

Along the way, I couldn't help but bring up Olivia Ranze's story.

Tana and Charlotte both froze at my words.

That Tiamata can be corrupted, and the me that is chosen by it.

"This is....... It's complicated to explain, so we had to keep it a secret."

"...... would have been."

"This is the kind of thing that would turn the religious world upside down......."

It took us both quite a while to recover from the shock.

Either way, the result was the result, and neither of them argued about it. Charlotte was grateful to be told, as if it would put her mind at ease about the sudden disappearance of the demonic artifact.

And superpowers.

I don't want you to have to figure out the concept of a spirit on your own, so I've been a bit vague.

She also explained the fight over something that controlled Charlotte.

I yelled for it to go away, and it did.

There was only one logic.

"Like being able to use self-implication on others?"

"Because otherwise the situation doesn't make sense."

The implications for yourself are now applicable to others.

Unicorns are a concept not unlike that.

I realize that self-suggestion is a power manifested by faith, whereas unction is a slightly different concept, manifested by a command or declaration.

"The answer is....... superpower."

Superpowers are described by the phrase "whatever.

It is inexplicable, and the miracles it creates are manifested in a logic that is out of this world.

That's why solving Charlotte's problem, which could not be solved in any other way, makes sense to me, even if I don't understand it.

It's hard for Tana to accept the fact that this ridiculous situation is now making sense, but she looks like she's been through hell and found the exit.

"That means....... that you are the only one who can heal his condition."

"......Maybe."

Charlotte's condition, which had been creeping up on her, is now under control, but there's no telling what will happen later. I'm the only one prepared for it.

For example, would I be Charlotte's primary care physician?

But Charlotte's expression was serious.

"It's a dangerous ability, just as dangerous as mine, if not more so."

The evolution of self-implication.

It has become so dangerous that it can be applied to others, not just yourself.

Self-insinuation and subtext were not in the original.

So I don't even know what this power is capable of. Right now, it's not absolute, but as the level of power increases. the unthinkable may be possible.

Of course, Charlotte wasn't thinking that my power was dangerous and she needed to get rid of me.

"Yes. I don't know how that ability will be measured, but I'll instruct the Temple to keep your new power a secret."

To protect myself, I was to keep my new powers a closely guarded secret. I would keep Temple's mouth shut, and if anyone knew, it would be Dr. Epinhauser.

It's actually a dangerous ability, and if we're talking about yesterday's fight, I took down Charlotte, who Savior Tana couldn't take down.

If Xavier Tana had a tiara, or a high-ranking paladin, the story might have been different.

In many ways, she was fighting at her worst against a bad matchup.

Keep your new powers a secret. It would be better that way. Tana seemed to have other ideas.

"Why don't we let Reinhardt stay at the Palace of Spring?"

I'm not sure if Charlotte's condition has truly improved. Since we don't know what will happen at any given time, I, the only one who can act on it, stay at the Palace of Spring and live with Charlotte.

It wouldn't look good on the outside, but the emperor wouldn't object if the empress's life depended on it.

"No, you can't. No matter how much you hide it, Reinhardt is in the same class as Bertus, and if you live like that, one day Bertus will find out, and then Reinhardt will be in danger."

"......Yes."

Charlotte was putting my safety first.

The fact that I had saved Charlotte and the battle of the previous day had not been made known, not to mention the reward I would receive if it became known that I had saved Charlotte, was because I thought Bertus might try to get rid of me.

Bertus won't even know I'm in the palace.

"In the first place, does Bertus know your condition?"

"You don't know the details, but you know I'm not going to live long."

It would be rather odd for Bertus to not know about this situation.

There's no need to keep someone who's going to bend over backwards on their own. That's probably why there have been so few arguments between them lately.

But I saved Charlotte's life. I thought she would fall on her own, so I brought her back to life.

I'd be dead to Bertus if he found out.

That's why Charlotte made the pretty bold choice to let me sleep in her bedroom. It would be dangerous for Bertus to know I was here.

"But....... Reinhardt is the only one who can guarantee your safety at this point."

She was forced to admit that she couldn't protect Charlotte, and the imperial family couldn't do anything about it.

There is no place in the world where Charlotte is safe. Only with me by her side can she be safe.

"Back to the templates, again."

"......."

I can't live on Jupiter.

So there was no choice but for Charlotte to come back to Temple and live in the dorms with me.

Savior Tana could only nod in the end, knowing that it was the best choice for me and for Charlotte.



* * *



It's only one day.

Neither Tana nor Charlotte thought that just because it was one day without incident that it would be okay for the rest of their lives.

"Reinhardt."

"Yes, Lord Tana."

"About this, I must keep a secret from everyone else, but I must report to the king."

"......."

"My personal loyalties aside, it is only then that I can convince your highness that your condition has improved. I suggest you write to His Majesty at....... so that you may realize that your actions are no longer necessary."

Charlotte looks at me.

Her face was full of regret. Saviolin Tana is not Charlotte's person, but the Emperor's. She is responsible for the safety of the Empress for now, but in the end, her master is the Emperor.

There shouldn't be any secrets you can't tell the Emperor. After all, this is for Charlotte's own good.

Things have gotten so intertwined that I, a demon prince, now have a contact with the Emperor.

"That's fine."

"I will do my best to keep you out of harm's way. I swear it on my honor."

The oath of the strongest woman on the continent. She will lay down her life for me if it puts me in danger.

Because that's what an oath on her honor is.

"In addition to your Majesty, you saved my life."

She bowed her head abruptly.

"For that, I am truly grateful."

"Uh, what....... I don't think you're going to do this......."

Her head was bowed, and her gratitude was genuine.

Saviolin Tana left, promising to report her findings to the Emperor.

It was just me and Charlotte in the bedroom. Charlotte fetched a tea set, brewed the tea skillfully on her own, and offered me a cup.

"I didn't think about Bertus when I brought you to the Yellow Castle, because I didn't have to."

Charlotte thought she was going to die soon, so she didn't care if Bertus found out she'd brought me to the Palace of Spring. It doesn't matter who you're friends with when you're a worthless rival anyway.

"Reinhardt. To put it bluntly, saving my life is going to reflect poorly on you."

It was your mistake that saved my life.

Charlotte was nonchalant about it. I narrowed my eyes at Charlotte's sad smile.

"I don't need to hear that."

"......."

"I'll do it again the next time it happens."

Charlotte seems taken aback by my comment. I smirk and look at Charlotte, who remains still, clutching her teacup.

"Oh well. I was right after all."

I told Charlotte that I would save you.

When asked how, he said he'd figure it out.

Anyone can say that, Charlotte said pessimistically.

But in the end, I saved Charlotte. Charlotte stared at her teacup in confusion for a moment, then gave a small nod.

"Right....... I'm sorry, I didn't trust you."

"From now on, if I say something, it's just that. I'm not wrong. I'm always right."

At my bullshit, Charlotte grinned at me.

"Yes, I trust you. Always."

I was stumped because I didn't expect this answer.

Charlotte took a sip of her tea, and I took a sip of the milk tea she poured.

"Anyway, I don't know what's going to happen, but now that I'm alive, Bertus will try to find a reason, and even if he can't actually harm me, he'll be wary again, so... don't let it get out that you were in the Palace of Spring. Fortunately, I've expunged your entry and exit records, and very few people have seen you, so Bertus won't know who was here or what happened yet."

"......That's good."

"So. You're not allowed to leave Huangshan."

I couldn't help but be dumbfounded by the sound.

No, you said I shouldn't be living in the Palace of Spring. If I'm not supposed to leave the Yellow City, does that mean I'm supposed to stay here?

Did I lie to Saviolin Tana?

Charlotte smiled wryly, as if she knew what I was talking about.

"Idiot, you know that."

Where Charlotte gestured was the wall of her bedroom.

Secret Passage.

The basement is equipped with a warp gate.

"Go out that way, and you'll be able to get to the gate in the ecliptic, and you know that gates are heavily monitored on the way in, but less so on the way out, right?"

The way out of Huangshan without anyone noticing was in Charlotte's bedroom.

"And this."

Charlotte went somewhere in the room, opened a magical safe, and handed me something.

It was a small golden brooch.

"What is this?"

"Gates are two-way, right?"

"......, right?"

"If you can get out, you can get in, right?"

Charlotte showed me how to operate the brooch. It seemed to work by opening the brooch and pressing a switch or something.

"Activate this brooch, go through any warp gate in the ecliptic, and it will lead you to a warp gate in the basement of the Palace of Spring."

"......."

Charlotte squeezed it into my hand, then took mine.

Charlotte's hands were shaking slightly.

"I....... I'm giving you something that can come into my bedroom right now....... at any time. Without anyone knowing. You can come in......."

Charlotte's face was flushed, and her voice was shaking even more violently.

It's not something you can give to just anyone.

Or is it something you've given to someone?

It was like a secret key to sneaking into the Yellow City without anyone noticing.

"What does this mean....... Do you understand?"

Charlotte couldn't even look at me properly.

"That means you trust me, right?"

"......."

Charlotte glares at me.

His lips were pouting out.

"Yeah, I'll call you whenever I need you, and you can come over and help me out."

Charlotte pouted a little, crossed her arms, and stared out the window for a while.

I could have sworn I saw red water dripping from his face.

"This gift is for....... Don't throw it away."

Charlotte says in a shaky voice. Is she thinking about what I said before I passed out?

I honestly don't remember much of what I said at the time, as I was on the verge of losing consciousness.

"Of course."

In exchange for throwing away the gift Charlotte had given him in anticipation of their breakup.

I was given an item that would allow me to meet Charlotte at any time.





Episode 273.





I woke up sometime in the afternoon.

The temple is glowing today anyway.

Two consecutive days of absence.

Charlotte told me not to worry, she had an excuse for that.

So is deleting my access history.

Instead of rejoicing that she was safe and that the power that threatened to consume her had been quelled. She thought about what she needed to do right now and went about it.

You give up on everything. When things change, you do what you need to do immediately.

It was a pretty bizarre experience.

The people of the Palace of Spring are very tight-lipped, and I was told that my presence here would not be known to the outside world, so I didn't wander around inside.

I was only in Charlotte's bedroom.

I shake my head as Charlotte tells me that I can go back, that I'll be back at the Temple starting tomorrow.

"We'll give it another day, though."

"......."

Charlotte glared at me.

"You mean, you're going to stay in my bedroom for another day?"

"Uh."

"...... Reinhardt. I appreciate you so much, and I'll admit that you mean a lot to me, but are you sure you're not being too shameless?"

Just because you slept in it one night doesn't mean it's yours!

Charlotte looked incredulous.

"Uh-huh, for your own safety."

"Why would you say that!"

I boldly declared that I was going to sleep in your room.

I know it's important, but it's a bit of an asshole.

But I have to go back to the temple today, and all my classes are over. I wanted to keep an eye on Charlotte for another day.

If nothing happened today, I would be able to assume that I was really okay for the time being.

Charlotte didn't kick me out because she knew I had a point. It's just that up until now, I've only put her in my bedroom because she's injured, which is ridiculous because she has the nerve.

"......Okay, I'll go to bed in the guest room then."

"What are you talking about?"

I shook my head at Charlotte's words.

What is he talking about?

"I'm going to stay here for another day to see how you're doing, but what's the point of that if you're sleeping outside, you should be sleeping here."

Charlotte's lips quivered at my words. Her face was getting whiter and whiter.

"Gee, gee....... now. Are you going to sleep with me?"

No!

I don't understand!

"You don't have to say that, I'm just saying that I need to make sure everything is okay when you sleep!"

"That, that....... That is....... I know that, but......."

Charlotte shuddered, never thinking she would dare to make such a request.

"What am I doing, just watching?"

"Why, why are you not sleeping and watching people sleep!"

"No, if you sleep, it's your problem, if you don't sleep, it's your problem, what do you want me to do, is this guy funny?"

"Ooh, funny guy......?"

Charlotte seemed to be shaken by my ramblings.

What to say.

Why am I listening to this?

The response is that Harriet is a luxury item, but so is Charlotte. In fact, Charlotte probably grew up being treated with more respect.

Most importantly, Harriet has gotten used to it, so she'll do it to some extent, while Charlotte is still immune and will react.

"Hey, that's the one....... Give me that. You're scaring me."

Charlotte wanted her brooch back.

He's afraid I'll do something weird like sneak in while he's sleeping to make sure he's okay and then go back out.

"Giving and taking away is the worst thing, and you think I'm going to take away?"

"Oh, no, I want it back, I want it back, I want it back, I didn't give it to you!"

Charlotte and I fooled around in the spacious bedroom for a while.

Eventually, Charlotte got tired and walked away.

"@Huck....... 허억....... ....... This, that. What a waste....... Just to exercise....... I'm only getting fitter......."

An exhausted Charlotte sank to the floor of her bedroom and glared at me.

"Maybe you should work out too."

"This is the worst!"

Charlotte squealed like she was really annoyed.

He's the one who can raise the Empress.

Except for Bertus, I'm the only one in the world.



* * *



Eventually deciding to stay another day, I remained in Charlotte's bedroom.

Charlotte seemed to fidget.

No, I'm going to sleep on the couch, so why be so nervous?

After all, this is probably the first time you've ever been in this situation.

Sure, it was worse in the Demon Castle, but that's not the same as this.

Meals were brought in by the users, and of course I hid. Charlotte said she didn't need the market, and instructed me to bring more.

I thought I'd be able to eat a lot because I'd been starving all day, but I ended up eating less because I was starving.

Charlotte looked at me over the leftover food.

"Can I not eat anymore?"

"If you starve yourself too much, you won't eat as much."

"......Yes."

I'm sure Charlotte knows that.

A sumptuous meal eaten in the Allied command barracks after a long period of starvation.

Charlotte's face became a little wistful and sad as she remembered.



* * *



After dinner.

I was in my bedroom, so I didn't have much to do, and the night fell.

Charlotte was whimpering like a puppy that needed to poop. She seemed to be trying to do something, then she'd get up, then she'd hesitate, then she'd get up, then she'd hesitate again.

What's wrong with him?

Eventually, Charlotte grunted, then stood up, seemingly determined.

"Uh, that....... I'm going to step out for a minute."

"......where?"

"In another room, please......."

"You grow up here, what do you expect me to be around all the time, just checking in today?"

At my words, Charlotte's axe eyes widened.

"No, I mean, I'm going to wash it!"

a.

I'm trying to wash up in the bedroom, but I can see through you.

"......If you wash it, you wash it, why would you need to wash it in another room?"

"Yeah, you're not going to hear me......."

Charlotte's face fell.

What is.

What should I call this sensitivity?

I don't like the idea of someone hearing me wash my face. Shouldn't I?

Is that what you mean by girlie sensibilities at this age, I'm not sure?

Doesn't that have anything to do with the fact that there's someone taking a bath in the first place?

Why bother in the first place?

Me....... I don't know.......

I have no idea what's right and what's wrong with this stuff!

"I don't think I'm going to tell you what to do with ....... You're on your own."

"Me, you can't tell me what to do, I'm supposed to do it, ugh!"

Charlotte stormed out of the bedroom, looking exasperated.

While Charlotte went to wash up, I washed up in the bathroom in my bedroom.

It was big, but it didn't go in the tub.

It was only after I washed up.

A change of clothes.

No.......

The school uniform I was wearing was bloodied and torn in places, and I was wearing a pair of pajamas that I had found somewhere.

I didn't know what to do with myself, but Charlotte came back a few minutes later.

Over the sound of the water, Charlotte's voice came from beyond the bathroom.

-You, are you washing in my bathroom?

"Then you don't wash?"

-u, ugh....... ugh.......

Charlotte seemed to stomp her foot, not sure if she hated it or not.

No, I could use it. Come on, I can't even get out of your bedroom.

"Forget it. I don't have a change of clothes."

-......?

"Get me some clothes."

-......Eh?

Charlotte was silent for a moment, as if she never thought she'd hear that in her life.

No matter how you slice it, I saved Charlotte's life, aren't we going too far now?

Bring her clothes.

Something like this.

I mean, it's not that she's important in the first place, it's just that it's kind of trashy to say something like that while borrowing someone else's bathroom.

I was thinking about that.

-...... before the door.

Charlotte said it in a voice that, even when Charlotte pretended to listen, was full of mixed emotions.



* * *



The Imperial Palace wasn't all about women's clothes.

When I collapsed in the first place, Savior Tana must have grabbed some clothes from somewhere to put on me.

After a bit of a fuss.

Charlotte and I were both in our pajamas.

......, which is already a huge scandal in itself if anyone finds out. Regardless of the details, it's not a prince and a beggar, it's an empress and a beggar.

But we're doing this because of our circumstances.

I was sitting in the rocking chair in Charlotte's bedroom, and she was lying in bed.

"......Are you going to sleep with that?"

"No?"

"Well, then....... Chi, are you going to sleep in the bed?"

Charlotte says in a clearly panicked voice.

I have a feeling that if I blindly ask to sleep in their bed, they'll be forced to give it up.

"Oh, come on, you're acting like it's okay that we're going to sleep in the same bed and never touch."

"Well, that's what you said, and you didn't really mean to do that!"

Charlotte exclaims in panic.

By the way, that screaming thing, that's okay, right?

I'm pretty sure it's soundproof. If it weren't for my superpower, I wouldn't be able to overhear conversations in the room.

The Charlotte of yesterday seemed to have let go of everything.

He would tell me things, reveal very important secrets, and say random things.

But now that she's out of harm's way, Charlotte begins to feel embarrassed.

I'll be able to rethink my life.

That made me smile.

"What the....... You gave me a weird look......."

Charlotte blushed and pulled the covers up to half her face.

"Oh, whatever, are you really going to sleep in the bed!"

Is it because I was raised with a precious body that I care so much about this?

"I'm not going to sleep."

"......?"

"I'm just trying to make sure you're okay, and if you want me to sleep with you, don't worry. I'm not going to do that to your face."

Sitting in the rocking chair, arms crossed, I stare blankly at the ceiling of Charlotte's room.

What ulterior motive could I have for doing this?

I just need to make sure you're okay.

I just need to know that it's going to be okay, and that's all I need to know.

"...... aren't you tired?"

"It would be weirder if I ate one of the treasures of the Elixir and it wasn't okay. Never mind. I don't mind leaking for a day or so."

I said that because I thought it would make him feel less sorry for me.

"Well, just....... over there at....... on the other end."

"If I'm going to sleep, I'm going to sleep on the couch, so don't bother."

"......."

Charlotte was silent for a moment.

However, to make room for me, I lay in the center of the bed and then crawled to the edge. so I could sleep on the other end.

Being on the edge also means that it's a little closer to me, sitting in the rocking chair, quite a distance from the bed.

The chairs were facing away from Charlotte, not toward her.

Me sitting, Charlotte lying down.

We were side by side.

I was sitting next to Charlotte.

"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

"......I'm not sure why you're doing this to me."

"Your body deserves to be treated with respect, doesn't it?"

"I'm not doing this because I'm a princess."

"......."

Because Charlotte is a princess, there are plenty of people who would give their lives for her.

But no matter how I look at it, I don't feel like that kind of person.

You're not risking your life to save them because of who you are.

Why.

Why.

Charlotte seemed curious about that.

"Well, I guess so."

I had to say that because you can't explain the unexplainable.

I wasn't looking at Charlotte's face.

Charlotte seems to be watching me.

As if deciding something, Charlotte cautiously opens her mouth.

"The devil, what have you done to me?"

"...... is it?"

It's been a longtime secret.

He'd kept it a secret because if it came out, everything about him would be gone. You wouldn't be able to tell anyone.

Charlotte tells me in her own words what I've been guessing.

"I don't know what it was, but....... I felt so sick, so scared, and I felt like I was sick in my soul, not my body."

"......."

I couldn't help but empathize with Charlotte, so I listened.

"I can't figure out what it is. I'm still....... I don't know what happened to me. But....... I've been locked up in some kind of prison in the Demon Castle ever since. I was kidnapped....... along with everyone else."

"......."

Charlotte's voice was becoming increasingly shaky. It sounded like she was about to say something she was afraid to say.

"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

"Hand....... for me?"

I held out my hand, and Charlotte took it.

Charlotte's palms broke out in a cold sweat.

It pains me to say it. Because of what happened.

Still holding my hand, Charlotte catches her breath.

"I've been starving for too long."

"......."

"Everyone there had been surviving, for too long, on too little to eat and drink, and. By the time the war intensified, they gave us nothing."

"......."

"People, too....... for a long time....... haven't had anything to eat."

"Charlotte."

I stand still and look at Charlotte.

Tears were already welling up in Charlotte's eyes.

"If you can't say it, you don't have to say it."

"......."

"No, don't tell me."

"......."

"You're tired, stop talking."

That's enough to tell you what happened.

Just the sound of Charlotte's voice, full of fear, dread, and guilt, tells us something.

Formless, shattered by something.

Because I remember the sight.

We know that Charlotte is not talking about cannibalism, but about what happens afterward.

When told not to speak, Charlotte instead burst into tears.

"Only me....... If it weren't for me. If it wasn't for me....... I could have bought it all. If only I. If only I. If it weren't for me...... I could have....... I'm everything. If only I...... Uh, Mom....... Uh, mom....... Mom is......."

I say.

Charlotte couldn't have done it for anyone else.

Even if everyone knows the devil has done something to you.

I realize that this is a new story for me right now.

Otherwise, you wouldn't be telling the story with all this sobbing, like you're confessing your sins.

I had no words of comfort, no words of sympathy, no words to rationalize it.

I just squeezed Charlotte's hand.

"Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmph......."

Charlotte cried too, squeezing my hand hard.

For a very long time.



* * *



After calming down, Charlotte told me what had happened so far.

Those who know about Charlotte's abilities are of two minds.

The first are those known for their superpower of manipulating shadows.

The second is those who know they have these abilities because they've been tortured by a demon.

There are only four of the latter: Dyrus, Sabiolin Tana, the Handmaid of the Palace of Spring, and the Emperor.

"And Bertus?"

"I hope you don't know, but....... but I think you do. Or if they do, it's probably recent."

The power to manipulate shadows is already a sinister and grotesque force in and of itself, so you can weave in as much negativity as you want.

Charlotte was looking for a way to control or eliminate the ability, which is why she sought out the Sealer.

But it was all for naught, as Charlotte's power grew and grew, consuming her.

Sleepwalking.

At some point, Charlotte would suddenly wake up in the middle of the night in strange places.

"No way....... you then."

I remembered Charlotte, barefoot in the middle of the night in the hallway of the mansion on a group mission.

"That was the first time."

For some reason, Charlotte's appearance was a little strange.

After that, he said, it didn't happen for a while.

But, once again, it happened to Charlotte in Temple's dormitory.

After the incident in Temple Dormitory, Charlotte realized that something was seriously wrong and moved out of the dorm and began living in the Palace of Spring.

The sleepwalking continued, and became more frequent.

Later, he was said to have wandered the palace, consumed by his powers, tinged with darkness. Until then, he was fine.

He was unconscious and couldn't remember, but he didn't attack anyone, and he didn't resist when Darius and the handmaids guarding the bedroom door took him back into the bedroom.

At some point, though, I started seeing visits appear and disappear all over the palace, even though they were never open.

Then, one of the maids attacked and killed him.

Charlotte didn't remember anything.

But Charlotte realized it was too late, it was all over.

He told the emperor to just kill him.

The emperor would not allow it.

Instead, I sent Saviolin Tana to the Palace of Spring and reduced the population of all the palaces to a minimum.

Until you find a way to cope.

The imperial family couldn't figure it out.

I don't know for sure, but I have a feeling that if I hadn't been there, Charlotte wouldn't have come back. That day was the last time.

After that day, Saviolin Tana would have been dead, and Charlotte would eventually have had to die on the Emperor's orders.

After all, if it wasn't for me, Charlotte would have died.

"I was afraid to fall asleep."

"...... would have been."

"But if I don't sleep, I'll still be unconscious. I knew sleep wasn't the problem, but....... I was just, like, scared."

Charlotte's hands no longer felt the fear that came with a cold sweat.

Only warm body heat is transmitted.

"Reinhardt."

"I'm listening."

"I think I'm going to get a good night's sleep for the first time in a long time."

Charlotte closed her eyes as she said that.

"Good."

I, for one, could only say.

"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

"Tell me nothing will happen. Tell me."

I stare at Charlotte.

By the power of words.

I, eagerly declare.

"Nothing will happen."

"Yes."

Charlotte nods, eyes still closed.

"I'll believe it."

With a faint smile, Charlotte gradually drifted off to sleep.

I listened as Charlotte's breathing evened out.

I stare at Charlotte's peaceful face as she falls asleep.

And.



[Special Achievement - Turning Point in History].

[A major character (Charlotte de Gradias) who wasn't supposed to be in the original worldline survived].

[The future has changed dramatically].

[Earned 1,000 achievement points].



The exact same message came to mind as in the prologue.

I know it's a bit late, but why am I getting this message now?

Shouldn't this message have come from last night's battle?

I stare at Charlotte's sleeping face. Charlotte's hand is clasped tightly in mine, and her face is peaceful.

Tonight.

I guess it meant something that I stayed until Charlotte was safely asleep.

I don't know what this means, but.

As long as nothing happened, I decided not to wonder what was trying to happen.

Nothing should happen.

You'll be fine.

I'll make it so.

By the power of self-implication.

By the power of words.

I said in my mind. Continue.

I believed it, and I declared it countless times.





Episode 274.





The next day, I returned to the template.

He said he was on a special mission under the direction of Dr. Epinhauser, or something like that.

For some reason, neither Ellen nor Harriet were angry with me.

Technically, this was my most dangerous moment in recent memory. I couldn't tell her, and I ended up looking for danger myself, whether she was worried or not.

Sorry about that.

But it was something I had to do, which made me feel even more guilty.

Because there will be many more.

"What was the special mission?"

Ellen asked, and I clucked my tongue briefly.

"It's not so much a special mission as it is....... some. That's an excuse."

Did you get in an accident again?

Ellen's expression seemed to change, and I shook my head.

"Due to an issue with Tiamata."

"Did you get caught?"

"So to speak......."

This is both true and false.

Charlotte and Saviolin Tana knew I was the owner of Tiamata.

I was lying, after all, and I was terrified that Ellen would see through my lie.

"We agreed to keep it a secret, so there shouldn't be any problems."

"......That's great."

Ellen stares at me.

"Were you worried?"

"Yes."

The way Ellen said it, I felt a pit in my stomach.

"I hope nothing happened."

That's all Ellen had to say.

Nothing happened that night either, so Charlotte said she would spend the weekend in Huangsheng before returning to the temple.

Bertus might find it odd if Charlotte and I returned to the temple together. I don't expect much to happen over the next few days.

Charlotte's survival has been confirmed by the name Inflection Point in History. We don't know how long its shelf life will be, but for now, it's safe.

A new trait. The role of the mood was very important.

It's been a stormy couple of days. Yesterday was Friday, and today is the weekend.

Ellen grabbed my arm.

"You, you have work to do."

"......? What do you want me to do, train?"

"No."

Ellen shook her head.

"Study."

What the hell is this?

"Wait for the kids."

Ellen grabbed my arm and dragged me somewhere.

Ellen took me to the Class A dormitory, the study hall.

There sat Riana, Herriot, and Adelia, huddled together in a circle.

"Ah, there you are, the main character. What's your special mission?"

Riana greeted me with a trembling look. Harriet looked at me, and with a look of determination on her face, she jumped to her feet, and Ellen dragged me over and sat me down.

"Well, what are these....... as soon as I get back."

Herriot set a notebook down in front of me.

"This is a summary of the content and anticipated questions that will be on the final comprehensive exam. Me, Ellen, and Adelia created it."

No.

What?

Herriot's eyes sparkle.

Speaking of which, finals are only a few days away.

"Based on this, you're not going to finish last, you."

No.

Guys.

Why are you trying to impress people with this?

"Don't lose to Ludwig again. Do you understand?"

I don't really need this.

Ellen, Harriet, and Adelia's faces were so serious that I couldn't bring myself to tell them that I didn't care about their test scores.

The competition is Ludwig.

I wonder, how far have we fallen.......



* * *



Sunday.

Winter Palace.

Bertus sat still in his office chair as he received the report. Instead of his usual smirk, he wore a rigid expression.

Bertus read the report without expression.

The idea is simple.

The protection of Charlotte de Gradias and the Palace of Spring by the Emperor's secret order has been lifted.

"......I thought you said you couldn't control that ability?"

"Yes, Your Majesty, it was thought that....... 1I was expecting action to be taken against the Empress soon, but......."

As for Charlotte's abilities, Bertus had just realized something.

Superpower to manipulate shadows.

That's a pretty bizarre set of abilities for someone trapped in a demon castle.

Depending on how you package it, Charlotte's power can be a dark one, and I realized that if you frame it in terms of being cursed by the devil, you can easily overpower it.

But I didn't have to.

There are some things that can't be covered, even if you try.

Protective measures for the Palace of Spring.

News that the staff has been reduced to a minimum and that Saviolin Tana has taken up residence in the Palace of Spring.

A maid was murdered in the night at the Palace of Spring.

After a bit of reasoning, Bertus realized that Charlotte's end was near.

So I left it alone.

But the fact that the protection was lifted and Charlotte is safe means that somehow this case has been resolved.

The competitor you thought was going down will rise again.

'Backed off.

I should have bitten when I saw the opportunity.

If Charlotte's powers were sealed, and she had succeeded in that sort of thing anyway, then the story of the Empress being cursed would not work.

Furthermore, it would dishonor the imperial family. The Emperor's wrath will be directed at you.

It's a structure where there can be no good faith competition, but the Emperor wanted it, and he ordered it.

You have a way to attack, but you don't know if it's valid or not.

It's more likely to be an affront to the emperor.

'What the hell happened.......'

Leaving Charlotte alone was a final act of mercy.

I wasn't too keen on touching the dying empress, and I didn't want to buy a bunch of empty axes.

If the situation is resolved, it's time to start fighting again.

How to unravel the situation.

"What is the boundary of the Palace of Spring?"

"It appears to be strengthening again."

"Hmmm....... It's going to be hard to get information now."

It was clear that the defenses would be raised again, making it even more challenging than before.

"Saviolin Tanara would have seen what happened......."

"I'm not going to open my mouth."

"Yeah, I guess so."

She is the head of the Charnapelle, which only takes orders from the Emperor. Her presence at the Palace of Spring is also highly unusual, as she has been trying to remain perfectly neutral in the matter of the succession.

If Charlotte had recovered, she would have returned to neutral.

"Find out something. Find out what happened. Is the First Empress really better?"

"Yes, Your Highness."

When the servant retreated, Bertus crossed his arms.

The fall of the arch-enemy.

I guess I should feel bad now that it's been reversed.

Bertus found it odd that he didn't feel too bad. Shouldn't he be punching the ground, throwing things and screaming?

But Bertus was smiling.

"Dude, what are you always doing, being an asshole?

"Who cares.

'If you're not ugly enough, you're even uglier. Smile a little. Who slaps you for smiling?'

"How dare anyone slap me?

'You're being weird again. You always seem to be able to twist my words around.

'You always say the wrong thing, always. You're always arguing.'

'You're supposed to smile anyway? I hate it when I don't, but I hate it even more when I see your face.'

'Oh, you're so annoying. Will you go away if I smile?'

'I don't know if it'll turn me off, but maybe it'll make me feel less of an asshole.'

Bertus, who hadn't smiled much since his mother's death, managed a weak smile then.

'Okay, that's better. Still an asshole, though.'

"What do you want me to do?

When I was very young, I had a conversation like that. I don't even remember how old I was.

It was time to stop hating the other brother.

I didn't really know what their relationship was like yet.

However, he's always been a bitch.

Charlotte was that to Bertus, and he was that to her.

The two are incompatible cider.

If one exists, the other must not exist.

You have to fight a battle you thought was over.

That's what makes it fun.

Bertus thought so, smiling quietly in his office.



* * *



Name: Valerie

Age: 