286.





Even the crazy, rootless event called a cross-dressing competition is called a competition after all. It is a legitimate event, promoted by the Student Government Association and approved by Temple.

Not only is there a prize for the winner, but it's a well-structured competition.

The good news is that there are so few participants that there are no qualifiers.

We don't need cross-dressing dudes doing charm offensive bullshit to get to the finalists.

Straight to the finals. They come out by number, make their pitch, go around the room, and then we vote for a winner.

You can't become a completely different person, but you can put on a different outfit and change your vibe a little bit, and if someone who knows you sees you, they won't be able to tell.

I have a cheat key for this situation, the Ring of Sarkhegar.......

I feel like such a dog for saying this, but.......

There's no way there's anyone prettier than me there.......

So first, we need a dress to wear to the competition.

And you have to decide what kind of bullshit you're going to do to sell yourself....... what kind of bullshit to do when appealing.......

Should we dance or sing?

I really, really want to cry. I can't tell you how many times I've been frustrated and sad about my life here, but I've never been so frustrated that I feel like I'm going to cry.

To me....... What are you really doing to me.......

You must never be seen as Reinhardt, lest anyone guess it's you. You'll also need to tuck in your usual shitty temper.

If you suddenly turn around and do a hard turn, somebody might say, "That's Reinhardt, isn't it?

Most of the people who come to the tournament don't know me, but there are some who have heard of my notoriety, and I think there's a very high probability that Kono Lint will come.

It didn't take long for Eleris to return.

Empty-handed.

"Hmmm....... Well, first of all. that....... I went to the boutique and saw....... Most of the dresses are custom made, so....... They say they have to take your measurements and make them....... Of course, there are some made-to-order ones, but....... It's not quite right for you to wear......."

"......."

My height is about 