430





Radia Schmidt stared wide-eyed at Ellen's sword sheathed in her chest.

"Is this....... What the hell......?"

Awaken as a Swordmaster during battle.

It's ridiculous, but there are people who have done it right in front of our eyes.

I didn't think it would be an easy fight, which is why I used the life-burning power of Berserk.

Radia thought this kind of thing was only in stories.

But the reality of what was happening in front of him had already pierced his heart.

-Swoosh!

"K......breathe!"

Ellen pulled out the ramen, and Radia immediately fell to the ground, her legs giving out.

The girl with the two orbs became a Swordmaster when the power of the orbs proved too much for her to handle.

A genius that doesn't even deserve the word genius.

What the heck have I been building up to?

If I can grit my teeth and focus my mind in a fight I can't lose, I can easily become a Swordmaster. Why in the world is such a thing possible?

Radia Schmidt was a genius.

He didn't think there were enough geniuses at his level to run over.

Radia feels a sense of disorientation.

At this moment, Radia was having a similar feeling to the one she had when she saw Olivia Ranze.

A genius who always stood out from the crowd, even in the Temple Royal class of geniuses, a genius who no one dared even think of messing with.

That's the kind of genius you look up to with awe and admiration, and eventually end up worshipping.

Is the girl in front of you that kind of genius?

Even you are gifted with unreasonable talent, and you are even more unreasonable.

Radia Schmidt was a victim of injustice.

What happens when they go back.

I couldn't put my finger on it, but something was about to happen, a chain of unfortunate events. That's why I didn't want to let them live.

But it failed.

Something was going to happen to Reinhard and Elise.

Alth's divine power does not have the power to heal.

As such, healing wounds like any other paladin was out of the question for Radia Schmidt.

Recoil with Berserk, and critical hits.

Consciousness fades away.

'Safely....... I was hoping you'd come back.......'

"Kool-Aid!"

With a gulp of blood, Radia Schmidt tries to grasp the edge of her fading consciousness, but it's slipping away faster than she can reach it.

He had hoped that Elise would return home safely, but instead, he had gotten himself into this mess.

What would the vampire think about his death?

Radia doesn't know.

However.

There are tears the kindly vampire will shed for her, Radia knows.

They say the gods plan everything.

Everything in the world seems to be going according to their plan.

Maybe his own death is one of those plans.

'I don't know.......'

Slowly closing her eyes, Radia continues to sink into the depths of unconsciousness.

If this is all part of the gods' plan, Radia says.

Now I could find no reason to love those gods.



* * *



In front of Radia Schmidt's lifeless body on her knees, Ellen stood still in the blizzard.

"You....... what did you do?"

Charlotte asked in disbelief as she approached through the blizzard.

"Because we have to win."

Ellen said nothing more than that and sent the ramen back.

Awakening in combat.

It was in the midst of a battle, with a power boost and a move to Swordmaster. But Ellen didn't collapse in a heap of blood like last time.

-Woof

Ellen checks the power of her enchantment, which is only a trickle in her right hand.

-curl!

And then the magic in her hands burst into flames, soaring higher than Ellen's height.

It cannot be refined into the shape of a sword, but it can emit powerful emissions.

Partial disenchantment followed by outward radiation.

I had the strength to not lose, but this level of talent is a bit odd.

I know I'm not the norm, but this is a bit much.

Ellen felt fortunate to have escaped death, but she also felt a strange sense of strangeness.

Charlotte stares at Radia Schmidt's body, chilling in the cold winter wind.

"So, who was this guy?"

Charlotte watched the tournament, but even after the battle was over, she didn't know who her opponent was.

"Radia Schmidt, sixth grader in Royal Class. Although she's not in sixth grade now, because that was last year."

"......Ladia Schmidt?"

At that, Charlotte narrowed her eyes.

Charlotte had heard the name by another route. She knew it as the name of a missing Temple Royal class student, presumed dead in the attack on the Levereer Ranch.

"This guy, I thought he was killed in the last Crusader raid. I was assuming he was from an unnamed order......."

"......Are you sure?"

"......I've heard he had extremist tendencies, but how do you know about the nameless order?"

"It's not that hard to figure out."

Reinhardt took a certain dark-haired Temple girl to Elena's shop.

Where Elena's statue is, Radia Schmidt is.

It seems very likely that Reinhardt was accompanied by Radia Schmidt.

Olivia Ranze was forced to withdraw after meeting Radia Schmidt in the unlimited weight tournament.

Reinhardt went to the game, and Olivia doesn't know what happened to him afterward.

Olivia was lured to a monastery south of the ecliptic by an unnamed order.

If so, Reinhardt would have been in Elena's shop with Radia Schmidt around that time.

And Radia Schmidt didn't die in the Crusader raid, she's in Castle Epiax.

Have I been kidnapped?

If so, they couldn't figure out why they were being attacked.

"I have a place to go first."

The purpose of coming here is essentially to check out Elena's statue.

I realize that something unexpected happened and it's messing with our case reasoning, but it was something we needed to check first.



* * *



Part of the castle Epirus collapsed, but only partially, and the rest of the building was still standing.

"Is this....... there?"

"Yes."

Pantheon.

Arriving at a room of seven gargoyles, Ellen and Charlotte surveyed them. Several were weathered beyond recognition, but they soon found themselves standing in front of their target.

Of the seven statues, only Elena's was recognizable. Several of the statues had changed their appearance when the Council fell into human hands.

"It certainly....... look alike."

Charlotte compared the statue in her arms to the photo on Elena's ID and nodded slowly.

Elena had said she was a dragon, and I vaguely suspected that this place, Ellen, was like Dragon Rare.

"What the hell is this place, why was he here, and why was he trying to kill us?"

As Charlotte said, it was an incomprehensible mess.

What High Epirus is really like.

Why Reinhard went to Elena's shop with Radia Schmidt.

Radia Schmidt, a member of an unnamed religious order, wonders why she's stranded in this place that's supposedly Elena's stronghold.

Why she tried to kill us.

And.

Reinhardt said that night.

What you did.

"......."

Ellen remains silent and stares at Elena's statue.

Olivia Ranze in a trap.

Radia Schmidt is a member of a nameless order, so she must have known the trap that was being set for Olivia Ranze.

Elena is a powerful mage.

Suppose Reinhardt somehow learned of the plans of the Order of the Nameless One.

If so, out of character, Reinhardt would have tried to save Olivia.

At this point, we don't really know what Reinhardt's personality is like, but from what we've seen so far, it is.

Kidnapped Adriana.

Olivia was lured in by Adriana.

Reinhardt learned about it from Radia Schmidt.

"You got ......?

"Yeah, I don't know why, but a winged demon saved me and Adriana, and then it left us far away and went off somewhere, and that was that.

'Why on earth would.......'

"I'm the one who wants to know why.

Olivia Ranze says she can't figure out why the devil saved her.

She thought the demon might actually be good, that he might actually hate humans. No, now she hates humans.

You didn't just save Olivia on a whim during a raid on the Crusaders.

"You were trying to save him in the first place......?

Ellen gritted her teeth.

I can feel the emotions stirring inside of me.

Anger, a sense of betrayal.

And.

Deprivation.

A strange, unidentifiable feeling began to creep through my body.

Whatever Reinhardt's big secret is.

If the devil and Reinhardt are involved, you've already taken a very big risk by doing so.

That's how I got caught up in the tailspin.

Reinhardt is no fool.

You knew it would happen, you knew it would leave a trail, and you knew it would happen because there must be a rationale for the incomprehensible.

Still, it was saved.

At great risk.

One reason.

Because it's that important.

The.

As well as.......

"......."

Ellen gritted her teeth in spite of herself.

"Charlotte, there's something you need to hear."

It was Olivia's most important secret, and if it got out, it could cost her her life, so Ellen had no choice but to keep quiet about it.

But when it came to the big question of tracking down the demon, and Reinhardt was involved, there could be no secrets.

The end is near.

These vague inferences and the clues we've accumulated are starting to bite us in the ass.

The reasoning gradually began to take shape.



* * *



"That happened?"

"Yes."

"No, why do you say that now....... After, yeah. There's no point in talking about it now."

When Ellen told her the details of the Crusader raid, Charlotte crossed her arms and pondered.

Charlotte's reasoning is similar to Ellen's.

Olivia in the trap. And Adriana.

Having survived the demon's attack unharmed, they kept quiet, fearing that if it became public knowledge, they would be told that they were the demon's informants.

"And Reinhardt told them about it, and now he's taking Adriana in at the Rotary Club because she's having trouble deciding where to live......."

"Yes."

It doesn't make sense to say that Reinhardt was trying to find a way to help.

But now they know about the suspicious circumstances that occurred the day before.

And Radia Schmidt, who was probably involved in the incident, is here.

It's clear that neither Adriana nor Olivia know the full story.

Charlotte tries to process her newfound knowledge. She doesn't know about Radia Schmidt's existence and how the castle Epiaks actually relates to the sorceress Elena.

But one thing's for sure.

You can no longer skim the periphery.

You have to stop thinking out of fear that it might not be.

Now, we need to investigate Reinhardt.

What to do to research Reinhardt.

Charlotte's fingertips were shaking.

It wasn't just the cold.

The more you get to the heart of the story, the more you nibble at the edges of the truth.

The situation was becoming increasingly unbearable for Charlotte.

"......."

And it was no different for Ellen.





Episode 431.





Ellen and Charlotte returned to the ecliptic.

Ellen asks what to do with Radia Schmidt's body, but Charlotte says it's evidence and should be kept.

The discovery of Temple's disappearance in the castle of Epiaks is a big deal, regardless of the truth of the case, and one of the pieces of evidence.

At a stopover, a wooden coffin was airlifted in which Radia Schmidt's body was placed, and they returned to the ecliptic.

It didn't take long to get back to the ecliptic from the bitterly cold land.

People were looking at Ellen as if she were an oddity, dragging a wooden pipe, but neither of them were in any condition to care what others thought.

"Reinhardt must have gone to investigate Richie's grave, that's what I know."

Ellen nodded at Charlotte's words.

In the meantime, Reinhardt is in the Darklands with the Imperial Elite and Harriet to investigate a murder on the Ecliptic.

Ellen and Charlotte don't know what Reinhardt wants.

However.

As Charlotte headed toward the palace with the woodcutter in tow, she stopped dead in her tracks.

"......."

Charlotte stopped walking, so Ellen glared at her.

Ellen watches as Charlotte's face contorts in depression and pain.

"Ellen......."

"Yes."

"I....... can't do it."

Charlotte's voice was shaking violently with depression.

"I....... This....... This, with my hands....... I can't do anymore....... I can't do it anymore......."

Charlotte didn't have the courage to take another step forward, knowing that the truth she would discover would shatter her.

Now I need to know something, I need to dig.

Charlotte felt like she couldn't do anything more, as the truth seemed to be staring her in the face.

They're both intuiting something.

But intuition alone doesn't solve anything.

I need to get to the bottom of this, to have some reason to believe something. Ellen stares at Charlotte.

"Yeah."

"......."

Charlotte can't go any further.

Ellen was scared now, too, and she couldn't blame Charlotte, knowing what it was like to be scared and not want to back down, but end up backing down.

Ellen was afraid to dig deeper.

She has no intention of stopping, but Charlotte can't see the truth she's uncovered with her own eyes.

"Let's go to Bertus."

We need another power.



* * *



Bertus was having a busy time.

An incident inside the imperial palace.

Imperial elites set out to search the tomb of the Reach, but they weren't sure if the beast was truly there.

So there was still a search going on inside the palace, as well as across the ecliptic, and at Lothar Dwyn's home.

He was cautious about retrieving the spellbook Dwin had left behind, in case it had been tampered with.

Not only was the emperor busy with this, but the prince was also doing his own thing.

So it's understandable that I'd be annoyed by a request for an interview from a half-brother who looked like he'd been out of town for the weekend.

I didn't have time to discuss personal matters when I had enough on my plate, and I didn't see any reason to add to the nervousness that was already there.

But when Bertus heard reports that Charlotte had not come alone, but with Ellen Artorius, and that they had come to the Winter Palace with a wooden casket containing an unidentified corpse, he knew something was amiss.

And when I saw them both in their mismatched heavy coats, I was convinced.

Something's been going on over here, too.

"What's going on?"

But they were also tired and sensitive, so Bertus sat them down and got to the point.

Charlotte was speechless.

Ellen was speechless.

However, Charlotte grabbed a quill pen from the table and began to scribble something down.

But Bertus noticed that Charlotte's hand was shaking violently as she scribbled something down.

"......What's wrong with you?"

"......."

Charlotte remains silent at Bertus's question, her head down, scribbling away.

Why write when you can speak?

Because it holds the possibility of a truth that is too disastrous and frightening to speak.

His hand was shaking so badly that the writing was a mess, but not unrecognizable. Ellen didn't speak, just stared out the window.

There was no time for this, but Bertus remained still, waiting for Charlotte to finish scribbling something down.

For a half-brother who would rather die than show weakness, to do something like this must mean something very important.

"......here."

The scribbled words on the paper Charlotte handed me.

Bertus slowly begins to read it.

It summarized what Charlotte had learned so far, albeit in a confusing handwriting.

From the past, when Charlotte actually had some idea of the Demon's whereabouts, to Elena's.

Letters delivered and evaporated and tracked. The raid on Leverier Ranze. And Olivia and Adriana.

The visit to the castle of Epiax and the gargoyles, as well as the story of the attack on Radia Schmidt there and the wooden coffin they brought with them containing the body of the missing Radia Schmidt.

All those stories were about different things, but they were all pointing to one thing.

Reinhardt.



[It is very possible that Reinhardt was a person associated with the Devil].



The horribly distorted handwriting spoke volumes about Charlotte's misery at having to write it in her own hand.

The shock of the sentence itself, aside from the hard evidence and rationale behind its content, left Bertus speechless.

"Nonsense."

So, after a long silence, Bertus' first words could only be.

"I wish....... I hope so. Please, please, please I hope so....... I really hope so....... I really want....... Really......."

In front of Bertus, Charlotte's hands in her lap with her head bowed.

Bertus watched, wide-eyed, as a tear fell on him.

Even more than this unbelievable suspicion, Bertus was horrified that Charlotte was crying in front of him.

"I....... I was going to....... I did, but....... I can't do it anymore....... You, you can't....... I thought you could do it for me....... If you do......."

If Reinhardt was connected to the Devil, the revelation would be devastating to the empire and the imperial family, but they had caught a very serious security threat.

Just as Bertus's elimination of the revolutionary forces had taken the initiative out of the hands of the monarchy, this was a big enough deal that Charlotte could use it to get back into the race for the throne.

But Charlotte holds onto the clue and hands it over to Bertus.

It even asks.

I want you to finish the rest.

The truth, already half-convinced, is so painful that he asks Bertus to dig it all out for him, fearing that he will destroy himself.

No, it's already broken.

Still staring out the window, Ellen wordlessly put her arm around Charlotte's shoulders.

Despite her expressionlessness, Ellen is probably not much different than Charlotte when she investigates this together.

Ellen is not expressionless.

I was stunned.

Bertus looks back and forth between Charlotte and Ellen.

A broken half-brother. A disenchanted classmate.

And Reinhardt.

Seeing Charlotte in a panic, Bertus takes the paper into his arms.

Reinhardt is associated with the Devil.

What happens if this is true.

I don't have time for "that" stuff, like what happened at the imperial palace.

Bertus stares at his half-brother, who is begging for help, his life in tatters and completely broken.

If this is true.

How Charlotte de Gradias would feel betrayed.

You've been used, you've been taken advantage of, and you've been taken advantage of.

You've been betrayed by everything you've tried to find a home for.

Bertus is more pathetic than ever to his half-brother.

With more heart than ever before.

"Don't cry, brother."

"......."

"I've got this."

He said.



* * *



Charlotte returned to the Palace of Spring, while Ellen stayed behind with Bertus.

Bertus and Ellen opened the wooden pavilion guarded by Winter Palace troops.

"Identification?"

"Missing Temple alumna Radia Schmidt has been identified."

"I see."

It had Ellen's endorsement, but it was also cross-validated.

Temple Royal Class Missing, Radia Schmidt, who was presumed dead during the raid on the Unnamed Order, has been found in the northernmost castle on the continent called Castle Epiax.

Radia Schmidt was killed by Ellen Artorius in combat after attacking Ellen and Charlotte de Gradias for an unexplained reason.

And in the pantheon-like structures that existed in that epoch, there were statues of wizards who supposedly hid the demons.

The day before the Demon's Crusade raid, Reinhardt visited Elena's scroll shop with Radia Schmidt.

Everything you need to know was written down on paper by Charlotte and passed on to you.

The conclusion is that Reinhardt is suspect.

Ever since that last unpleasant cross-dressing incident, Bertus had purposely avoided thinking about Reinhardt.

I gave up trying to understand it because I couldn't figure out why it was happening.

'......That's crazy.'

If Reinhardt has something to do with the Devil, then what the hell is that woman!

Bertus bit his tongue slightly, feeling like another accident was about to happen to him. To get his mind right.

The cross-dressing incident, after all.

As much as he hated to think about it, Bertus couldn't deny that there was a clue there.

What Charlotte and Ellen didn't know, and what they were both too afraid to ask Reinhardt directly, Bertus had already done.

If you've never thought of Reinhardt as suspicious, it's just something to do, but if you do think of Reinhardt as suspicious, it's the one clue you can't help but reach for.

'You said your identity was registered last year, obviously.'

Last year.

He wasn't wrong when he reported that many beggars were unregistered.

But it's odd when you think about it in terms of Reinhardt being suspicious.

Reinhardt suddenly appeared on the ecliptic last year.

Reinhardt didn't exist. At least until two years ago.

And another clue.

Reinhardt told him that the silver-haired girl he had seen that day was him.

There's no point in confessing to a heinous deed if you're not going to say it out loud, so Bertus and Reinhardt had to deal with a bizarre situation every time they met.

I didn't really need to say it.

"That's me.

Nevertheless, when Reinhard said he was going to do some research to find his brother, he had a seizure and blurted out the truth.

Bertus doesn't know why Reinhardt was cross-dressing.

Most importantly, Reinhardt confessed something he shouldn't have confessed anyway.

"They were afraid of the investigation itself.

I don't want Bertus to know things he shouldn't know, so I'm telling him before he gets to the dangerous stuff.

Risking embarrassment is one thing, risking death is another.

Reinhardt went to a cross-dressing contest. We don't know why.

But as soon as he heard that Bertus was investigating, speculating that the girl might be Reinhardt's brother, he gave up the truth.

That said.

This means that if you research Reinhardt, you'll learn things you shouldn't know.

"Get the date of Reinhardt's identity registration against the date of Charlotte's return to the ecliptic."

"Yes, Your Highness."

"And Ellen."

"Yes."

"There's a Rotary club south of the ecliptic. Do you know that?"

"......I know."

At Bertus's question, Ellen nodded.

"Take them in and interrogate them, drag them out if you have to."

"......Okay."

Ellen nodded slowly, and led the group of people Bertus had selected out of the palace.

Bertus watches Ellen's back as she leaves.

Did Reinhardt really come out of nowhere?

And when is that time?

What the hell is Reinhardt doing?

Bertus wants to know.

The image of Charlotte's horrified face could not leave Bertus's mind.





Episode 432.





"Mr. Daibun, where did your sister go?"

"Sister, I don't think she'll be back until tomorrow or the day after, she had to go somewhere."

"I see."

"What about your sister?"

"No, I just haven't seen you since yesterday."

Adriana chatted in passing as she carried a basket of laundry and hung it on the clothesline outside. Other members of the club, some of whom were also working, stood beside Adriana as she washed, some of whom were walking through the already crisp drying laundry.

I spent a few months in the Rotary Club.

Adriana had gotten used to life here.

Everyone in the club now looked like a human being.

Of course, by the time Adriana came to live here, the Rotary Club's income was already stabilized, but there were still many people who hadn't gotten out of the rut that they'd been living in.

But a lot has changed since Adriana's arrival.

The most important thing was hygiene.

The hygiene of the captain, who was supposed to be an example to everyone, was extremely poor, and there were quite a few people in the club who were just as bad.

Once Adriana gave Loyar a thorough bath and checked his nails, it set the tone for the rest of the team to take charge of their own hygiene.

Everyone could not believe their eyes as they watched the fierce, vicious Irine wild dog turn into a pet dog in Adriana's presence.

Eventually, Adriana found herself in charge of the cleanliness, janitorial, and sanitation of the Rotary Club's headquarters.

Most of all, I realized that if I left Adriana alone without a boss, she would run around looking for something to do, and we would all do things like cleaning because there was nothing else to do.

Eventually, Adriana became something of an energizer bunny for the older members of the Rotary Club, who were pretty much living the life.

It makes you think that it's not disgusting to see a kid moving around trying to do one more thing, but as an adult, he's drunk and spread out.

So, after a night of booze-fueled revelry, sleeping in the hall or vomiting on the floor was a thing of the past, even if Adriana didn't say anything about it.

If we did drink, we would have a couple of drinks in moderation, and then when it was time for Adriana to go to bed, we would all quietly retire to my room and go to sleep.

He said, "Why be loud when he's sleeping?

Without realizing it, Adriana had become like a daughter to the entire Rotary Club.

During these months, Adriana also learned about some of the quirks of Rotary clubs.

Loyar usually spent most of his days lying on a couch in a reception room-like area on the top floor of the club's headquarters, or going for walks with Adriana.

Literally, I was just sitting there like a dog guarding the house.

The Rotary Club's business is also managed by subordinates, and Loyar doesn't know much about the specifics of what's going on or how much money is coming in.

In fact, it was slowly turning into a situation where I would talk to Adriana about things that needed approval and she would pass it on to Loyar.

And no matter what he was told, Loyar would just tell him to get on with it.

One day, Adriana asked Daibun. What does your sister do?

When asked, Daibun said that his sister had a lot of work to do when they lived under the bridge.

Typically, they said they would defend their club members in fights with other groups of beggars, or if a club member got beaten up somewhere, they would go and retaliate.

He was indispensable when they were a group of beggars under the bridge, Daibun told Adriana, even finding money from somewhere.

It's just that right now, the situation has unfolded and there's nothing for Loyar to do.

Adriana was grateful for that, because she couldn't think of anything better than to be free of fighting.

And even though it seemed a little rough, it was pretty interesting to hear that my sister was so good at fighting.

No one in the club hadn't seen Loyar in a fight, and many had even gotten beaten up.

Everyone was literally drooling over her fighting skills.

Anyway, as far as Adriana knew, Loyar used to be a very important part of the club, but now that things are better, he's just lying around with nothing to do.

Nevertheless.

Once a month or so, Loyar would be gone for a few days.

We only knew that he was going out of town for some reason, but he would suddenly disappear somewhere, only to return a few days later.

The club members were just going along with it like it was a given.

Now that I don't have to fight anymore, I wonder what she's up to.

Adriana was curious about that, but Loyar just said he had to run errands and didn't elaborate.

So I just assumed that it was something that Adriana didn't know much about.

It was one of those days.

Murders in the imperial court, dark clouds over the world. There was also the surprising news that Ellen, Reinhardt, and Olivia had become owners of a holy relic, but Reinhardt didn't come to the Rotary Club very often, so we didn't have time to talk about it.

So Adriana was just another day at the club's headquarters, on the ecliptic, but a little out of this world.

It was an afternoon like any other.

Adriana was cleaning the reception area on the top floor of the club. Adriana was working hard to clean up the long strands of white hair that had fallen on the couch.

It's a head of hair, but with the feeling of clearing away an animal's fur.

In the distance, Adriana could see a group of people approaching the club.

It's not like the club doesn't get outsiders, but it was a little weird.

And at the top of the list was a face Adriana recognized.

Ellen Artorius, sister of the warrior Ragan Artorius and holder of the Holy Ramen, was walking toward the club's headquarters at the head of the line of soldiers.

The recent revelations were startling, but Adriana had a stronger image of Ellen as Reinhardt's friend.

I've also been told that there have been quite a few cases of people coming to the club and getting beaten up by their sister.

Everyone in the club used to be tongue-in-cheek about how extraordinary it was that Ellen was actually the hero's sister.

Even though Adriana is now the club's little girl, Ellen knows everyone in the club, and people seem to like her.

But Ellen, looking as grave as she felt, was approaching the club at the head of a group of heavily armed soldiers.

"What is......?"

With a sense that something ominous is about to happen, the club members outside approach Ellen.

Contrary to her ominous premonition, Ellen began to have some conversations with the club members, and there was no indication that violence would be used.

However, one by one, the soldiers approach Ellen and the other club members and start talking to them.

The content was not heard.

What's going on.

I was getting up to leave when I realized I needed to get out too.

"Adriana."

As if on cue, Daibun rushed over and grabbed Adriana's arm.

"Da, Mr. Daibun?"

"Follow me."

Daibun began to drag Adriana down the stairs.

"Outside....... What's going on?"

"I'm not sure. But I think something's up."

Daibun quickly led Adriana down the stairs, as if there was something to be done before the soldiers entered the club's headquarters.

You've arrived at the club's basement.

When they reached the area where the groceries and other unsold inventory from the horse-train shop were stacked, Daibun pushed Adriana back against the wall and watched.

"Adriana, don't ask, don't tell, just follow the path I show you."

"Yes....... Yes?"

"Under the bridge south of Bronzegate, where our club used to be, leads to the Ecliptic Underground Sewers."

Daibun's expression was so serious, Adriana couldn't even ask a question.

"If you go deep enough into that sewer, you'll find your sister."

"Is that you? Why are you there......."

"I can't explain the details. Adriana, you care about your sister, don't you?"

"Yeah? Yeah....... Uh, yeah."

Adriana is very grateful and appreciative of Loyar for making her feel so important, and she now considers him family.

What's not to like about someone who protects and cares for you unconditionally?

"Follow the sewers to find your sister, and tell her to never come back here."

"What....... What are you talking about....... I'm not sure......."

-Drupa!

But Daibun had already fiddled with the walls, opening a secret chamber hidden in the basement wall.

What the hell is this in the Rotary Club basement?

It's as if it was intentionally created so that someone could get away with it.

Adriana didn't know.

Daibun looks at Adriana with wide eyes. As if he doesn't have time to explain much.

"After you have told your sister, you must leave the sewer quickly. You must get out quickly. Do not stay with your sister after you deliver these words. Never."

-delay

-jerky

Upstairs, the dull thud of the door opening was already sounding ominous.

"Adriana, after you have spoken, you must part ways with your sister before nightfall."

Daibun grabbed both of Adriana's shoulders and spoke again, as if to remind her never to forget.



* * *



Adriana doesn't think she knows much about Rotary Clubs; she's just doing what she can on the spot, and she's just learning what Rotary really does.

But Adriana realized that she really didn't know anything.

I don't know why there's a secret passageway in the basement of the Rotary Club headquarters.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

But Adriana was running.

Why did Ellen come to the Rotary Club headquarters with her soldiers, and what was she there to ask?

What is Loyaar doing in those underground sewers.

Why on earth would he tell Loyar this before nightfall and part ways.

Adriana knows nothing.

Adriana ran and ran and ran to do what Daibun desperately asked her to do, even though it might be dangerous for everyone.

The secret passage wasn't very long.

Adriana pushed up on the sewer lid-like exit and stepped out.

Instead of an ecliptic street, I saw a wooded forest.

It was an unobtrusive exit, so Adriana ran into the distant streets of the ecliptic.





Episode 433.





Adriana's physical condition was not comparable to the average person's, so she was able to reach the Bronzegate Bridge in no time.

However, the sun was getting low in the sky.

Daibun said that he and Loyar would have to part ways at night. He didn't know why, but he knew he had to see Loyar before nightfall.

Prior to this, the Rotary Club had been living under the Bronzegate Bridge, one of the many great bridges on the ecliptic, for many years.

With the trick-or-treaters gone, Bronzegate Bridge had gone from a place people avoided to a promenade.

Adriana could see a long passageway beneath the Bronze Gate piers, going under the bridge.

There weren't really any no trespassing signs, and when the Rotary Club took over, it was always full of beggars, so people didn't really try to get in.

But even with the beggars gone, the gaping maw of a deep sewer couldn't help but strike a chord of natural fear.

So no one wants to go into a place like that.

What is she doing in a place like this, and does everyone in the Rotary Club know about it?

Adriana walked down a different path from the crowds of strolling people, toward the sewers.

When the Rotary Club moved out, all the original haphazardly stitched-together houses had been torn down.

The sewers, where beggars huddled together, drunk on cheap booze, were clean as if they hadn't been there in ages.

This is where the entire Rotary Club has lived for quite some time.

How do we get sweltering summers and freezing winters?

Adriana was worried about that, even in the midst of this urgency.

In a hot place when it was hot, and in a cold place when it was cold. Those who had nowhere else to turn would huddle together, and together they would endure the heat and the cold.

He was the one they all trusted and relied on.

In his life as a beggar, Loyar has always protected his club members when thugs have called them names and threatened them.

Later, the Rotary Club members were too afraid of Loyar to touch him.

Soon Adriana was without a lantern, deep in the sewers of Sacramento's darkness.

It's dark everywhere, so Adriana summons an orb of light and walks slowly into the sewers.

The sewers weren't straight. The passageways were long and massive, but they also split in the middle, and Adriana had no idea where to turn to find Loyaar.

Adriana was surprised to find such a large underground aqueduct beneath the ecliptic.

I didn't really have any reason to think about what I couldn't see.

A long, massive sewer, somewhere in this place is Loyaar.

What the heck are we doing here.

In case she gets lost, Adriana considers going backwards, so she only heads forward, so she only has to go backwards to get back.

The orb of light could not illuminate everything in the vast sewers.

The longer she walked through the sewers, the more nervous Adriana became.

It's close to dusk when you enter, so it will soon be night.

We need to find Loyaar, and fast. From the look on Daibun's face, it was clear that the night and Loyar had something to do with it.

How many steps you took.

-Adriana?

A distant rumble came from somewhere in the sewers.

Sure enough, it was Loyar's voice.

"Sister?"

Adriana's words were met with distant approval.

"Adriana, why are you here......."

A figure approaches the orb of light that Adriana has lit.

Now, thanks to Adriana's constant washing and grooming, Loyar was walking toward her with a clean coat.

"How did you know to come here?"

Approaching, Loyar cupped Adriana's face, unable to hide his surprise.

"There's a bunch of soldiers at the club. I don't know what's going on, but....... Mr. Daibun said if I go here, I'll find my sister."

"Daibun? How did he get to......? And what do you mean by soldier?"

Loyar shook his head, as if he didn't understand what he was hearing.

"I don't know, Mr. Daibun told me....... to never come back to the club, that's what he said."

"What do you mean don't come back, and what about the soldiers?"

"I don't know, he, Ellen, had a bunch of soldiers, heavily armed soldiers, and they were asking the clubbers about something, so Mr. Daibun sent me out into a secret passage in the basement of the club and told me to tell them this......."

Adriana was the one who didn't speak English, but Loyar was the one who didn't understand the situation.

"Secret passageways? Why do you have them at headquarters?"

"......Didn't you know?"

No, you don't know that!

Adriana almost wanted to scream, despite the urgency of the situation.

"And....... After I deliver these words, I want you to break up with your sister quickly....... before nightfall......."

At that, Loyar's expression hardened.

Like, finally, something that didn't make sense makes sense.

"Ah....... They....... You knew all along......."

Adriana couldn't quite put her finger on it, but there was something about the look on Loyar's face that made her feel a little overwhelmed, bewildered, and somehow overwhelmed with emotion.

Adriana washed her face dry a few times. Adriana saw the water glisten in Loyar's eyes.

Just as Daibun did, this time Loyar grabs Adriana by both shoulders.

"Um, yeah. Adriana, I can't really elaborate, but I understand what you're saying, so just do as Daibun says and get out of here, and don't go back to the club either."

"Sis, what's going on? What the hell? What....... What's going on?"

Adriana shuddered with an unidentifiable fear.

"Adriana, you can't know about this. You can't know about this."

At Adriana's question, Loyar shook his head.

"What you don't know is good for you."

"My sister....... I'm scared. I'm....... Sis, will we never see each other again?"

You lose them without even realizing what happened.

Olivia is taken in by a nameless order for reasons she doesn't understand and nearly sacrificed.

Adriana began to sob, this time at the prospect of never seeing Loyar again, let alone the people she had just bonded with, without knowing why.

Loyaar gives his eyes strength.

Like you're trying to force down some simmering emotion and swallow it.

"Go on, I don't have time for a kid like you!"

"Uh, my sister......."

Adriana took a few steps back at the sight of Loyar's anger.

"Quickly....... Go quickly....... It will be night....... When it's night....... I won't recognize you......."

Because what the hell is night.

Adriana doesn't know what Loyar is talking about.

Something scary happens.

Now that the chain of events had begun, there was only one thing for Adriana to do: run.

In all these things.

They must run away from Loyaar as the night falls.

Adriana could see Loyar's face twist into a grim line as he tried to get her back.

"Holy....... Damn."

Like you felt something.

In the darkness behind him, a gravelly voice echoed through the sewers.

-You're here.

Into Adriana's white light, someone walks.

-Auntie.

Cloak of the Sun.

Ellen Artorius, wielding the Sword of the Moon, walked slowly toward them.

Loyar watched Ellen's approaching form with narrowed eyes.

Adriana could see it too.

Ellen's aura was like a blue aura, and the lunar divine sword laments were burning like blue fire.

"Sword......master?"

Adriana muttered, frozen.

"You....... this monstrous....... When the hell are you going to get there......?"

Loyardo wasn't the only one who was stunned.

"There are a lot of things I want to ask you, things I've never tried to find out, things I thought were weird but never asked....... I'm going to ask them now."

Ellen stood still, staring at Loyar, the man who had beaten her so many times before.

"So, you have to be honest with me."

Ellen remains still with her Auror Sword and Auror Armor as she speaks to Loyaar, indicating that she has a fight in mind but will not use her hands first.

Loyar stares at Ellen for a moment.

I had a sneaking suspicion that the growth rate of this monster had surpassed even the geniuses, let alone the culprits.

But before I knew it, I was a Swordmaster.

And by the look in his eyes and the way he was acting, he was already convinced of something.

The warrior's sister.

Ellen Artorius.

Is it possible to run away.

No.

Loyard's senses tell him.

It's impossible to escape. It's not because of Ellen's skills.

The time is drawing near.

"Dark-haired kid."

To my lord's dear one, who is too old to be called a child.

"Beat me."

"......?"

"By all means, beat me."

Ellen narrows her brow at Loyar's strange words.

Loyar gripped Adriana's shoulder, still frozen.

And then.

-Whoosh!

"Uh, sister!"

"!"

Loyar throws Adriana right back at Ellen, who panics and throws the ramen back at him.

Loyaar knows that his master has gone far away to do something dangerous.

But Loyard couldn't be there.

I couldn't keep up with Valerie, as she was destined to descend into unrecognizable madness every full moon night.

Does the cursed fate end up being the curse of the lord.

Ellen doesn't know what Loyar is talking about.

However, I put Adriana down and summoned Rament again, who took it in his stride.

"My sister....... Why the hell. Ellen why are you......."

"Back off."

Ellen looks at Loyar wordlessly.

The night of the full moon is upon us.

-Woodeddle

"Kr....... krr......."

His muzzle lengthens, and white fur begins to sprout all over Loyar's body.

Adriana's complexion went white at the sight, and Ellen gritted her teeth.

"Lycan....... Slope......."

A white beast that appeared in the Demon Attack.

Lykanslope.

The evidence could not be clearer.

After a long, long road.

Piecing together the many past events that have happened.

Finish.

Ellen arrived at a simple answer.

"......."

A tear falls from the corner of Ellen's eye.

"Uh, un....... un......?"

Adriana knew what she had been told as she watched Loyar transform into a lycanthrope.

Why Loyar was away for days at a time.

Today is the night of the full moon.

The being to whom I gave my heart and trusted, was not human.

-Woodruff

"Grrrr......."

When Ellen sees Loyaar transformed into a white beast, she doesn't even bother to wipe the tears from her eyes.

"No, no, no...... no, no....... This, this, why....... What the hell......."

Adriana is horrified and frightened, and she starts to shake and sob uncontrollably.

Beat me.

Ellen knows what that means.

"You step aside."

That would have meant he didn't want to hurt Adriana.

The one who always beat himself up and initially tried to kill himself.

Ellen Artorius understands now what murderous intent was then.

If so, why.

Why.

Some questions are answered, but the answers raise other questions.

-croak.

The white beast's low growl lays low and dreary in the sewers. Ellen clears her throat as she watches the white beast reveal its true colors, its true self.

The white beast has lost its mind.

"Auntie......."

To Lykanslof, who crouches down and prepares to charge.

Irine's Hound.

No.

Irine Great River.

The white wolf there.

Toward the White Lotus of the Great River.

"It's not going to be the same."

Swordmaster, Ellen Artorius, pointed her sword.





Episode 434.





Quantum Maze can be broken.

However, we don't know if Akrich and Antirianus will be able to enter Akasha after that quantum leap.

The point is, I had no intention of letting them reach Akasha's entrance.

I'm not sure if I'll ever have anything resembling an edge against the Archmage.

The important thing is that Alsbringer makes you stronger when your opponent is stronger than you.

And Tiamata, a holy relic optimized for fighting the undead.

Plus an assist from Eleris.

With that, I will jump over two hurdles and I will reach the end of this story.

The gate situation will not happen.

The demon will quietly disappear.

I will spend the rest of my time with Reinhardt as my real name.

Extinguishing the seeds of chaos sown across empires and continents, one by one.

One by one, I pulled out the possibilities of disruption, both sown by me and sown because of me.

You will find peace of mind through peace in the world.

I still don't know how I'm going to untangle the many tangled relationships and lies, but I know I'll figure it out.

I'll have to give more thought to whether or not I should tell them the truth, and if so, how I should say it, since they will feel betrayed by the truth.

In the end, I realized it was best to do nothing, so now I'm going to clean up the mess and hopefully everything will converge to peace.

-delay

With that, Eleris and I opened the door to Akasha.

Long, long hallways.

Someone was standing in the middle of Quantum Maze.

As if you've been waiting for it.

"You're already here, Great One."

The old vampire was smiling at me, holding a skull in his right hand.

"Apparently, you already know everything......."

Just as we knew about Akasha, it seemed that Antirrhinus now knew about Akasha.

But first, the skull in Antony's right hand.

I looked at it and narrowed my brow.

"Antirrhinus, what is that?"

"Oh, you mean this......."

Antirrhinus tosses it toward me.

It's more of a roll than an attack.

-degurrrr

"Would you recognize it if I told you it was Akriti?"

A skeleton rolled to my feet.

"That's what we're looking for, the remnants and leader of the Cantus Magna. The skull of Lukren."

It turned to dust at my feet and disappeared. The skeleton never looked out of place as it turned to black powder and scattered.

"Antirrhinus, what do you want?"

At the mingled voices of Eleris's enemies, the old man shook his head.

"Sadly, everyone on the council is....... You misunderstand me, of course I understand, but......."

"......."

"Not really."

The old gentleman's smile was still unreadable.

"If there is, didn't I tell you about it before?"

"Pleasure."

"I'm ready to enjoy both your successes and your failures, so I'm fully cooperating with you."

"I only did it because, in that situation, I needed to hold Lukren's hand for a moment to find out what Akasha was and where it was. I had no intention of betraying you."

"So I knew what Akasha was, and I got rid of Lukren, which had become obsolete."

"So, I'm just here to find out where Akasha is. I'm not interested in the boring business of being a god."

Antirrhinus looked at me with a wry smile.

Fun.

That's the only reason you're cooperating with me, and you're not interested in having a powerful artifact like Akasha at all.

I can't believe it. But Antirrhinus is smiling at me and Eleris as if there is no lie.

"The world is interesting because it's unpredictable, that's how I see it."

"In my own world, where I can control everything and everything is going to go the way I want it to go, what's the point of being interested and having fun?"

"Being a god in some world is like being a kid playing in the sand, only a little bigger."

"Great One."

"I love the story of a child building a sand castle, and then the waves and tidal waves come crashing in and a storm rages."

"I love the story of the child who is desperate to defend the sandcastle they've built, and they cry and despair, and they either make something of it, or they don't, and they sink into a sea of despair."

"I want to see a story that's unpredictable, but fun to watch."

"But I can't stand the idea of a skeleton with delusions of godhood trying to extort the ending of that story."

"I want you to take Akasha."

"You don't look like you're going to give in to the desire to be a god. You look like you love something more human, something more emotional, something more mundane."

"I love stories about people risking their lives for something so insignificant."

"Great One."

"Greatly pleased or."

"Tell me a story of great desperation."

Antirrhinus bows to me.

Crazy.

That's all I could think of.

You figure out what Akasha is, you give it to me, and then you help me because you're curious about what I'm going to do after that.

My despair too.

My happiness.

I'm sure it's going to be a fun story, so I'm going to take pleasure in watching.

Elise bit her lip in disbelief as she watched Antony's sincere, yet insane, demeanor.

"The boredom of time has driven you mad, Antirrhinus."

"Didn't I tell you the other day, Lord of Tuesday?"

Antirrhynchus gleams in the vampire's eerie eyes.

"I've lived so long that it's strange not to be crazy."

I've done everything I wanted to do, and I have everything I wanted to have.

He didn't want to die, so he became a vampire, and he's been living for a long, long time.

So now, even the cravings are gone, and I find pleasure in seeing someone's joy or despair.

"Of course, Lukren's screams and pleas before he died were also good entertainment for me; what a futile death for an old undead man to die without fulfilling such a long-standing desire......."

"I couldn't contain my excitement just watching."

Antirrhinus sees me.

"Of course, I'm no match for the pleasure of enforcing it. The place of master of ceremonies is unworthy of an old hag like me."

Antony has been helpful so far.

With this level of insanity, I'd rather trust it. I have no reason to take Akasha and no desire to do anything with it.

I wasn't even angry at the spitefulness that crossed the line into snickering behind my back whether I succeeded or failed.

"Anyway, Antirrhinus, do you mean to tell me that you will be on my side?"

"Of course, you shouldn't trust me too much, because I can act for your happiness or for your misery."

The disgusting honesty almost made me gag.

Antirrhinus killed Akrich. With this, the lineage of the Cantus Magna was completely severed.

Antirrhinus was still bowing his head.

"If you don't believe me, you can strike me in the throat with that holy object of purity. Great One."

"......."

Unwilling to resist, Antirrhinus stuck out his neck.

I'm willing to give my life if I know I won't see the end of it.

Is it right to kill.

Madness is unpredictable.

Antirrhinus betrayed him at a crucial moment and made short work of the Akasha. We arrived first and learned the truth, but we don't know if he intended to keep Akasha.

We don't know the future, and we don't know what Antony is thinking.

However, Antrianus has been a great help so far.

Incomprehensible insanity becomes trustworthy when it crosses the threshold of incomprehensibility.

Someone this insane is unlikely to be reformed by lesser motives.

"......crazy."

This level of insanity.

I chose to believe in the madness of Antirrhinus.

Yes.

You crazy old man.

Let's go to the end together.



* * *



Elise has decided to stay at Akasha.

Of course, we can't just let Antirrhinus into Akasha because we don't know what he'll do.

Antirrhinus killed Akrich, an untrustworthy but very dangerous nuisance.

I don't know where they'll stand with me and where they'll stab me in the back, but for now, they're holding my hand.

Antony is actually useful, and the only thing he wants from me is to have fun.

If a powerful being like Antony cooperates fully in exchange for being an audience member in my life, it's not such a bad deal.

First, we need to meet Charlotte.

And Ellen.

I wasn't sure how to explain the truth, and I wasn't sure if I should tell her about Akasha's existence, but I had to meet Charlotte.

Through Antirrhinus, I returned to the ecliptic by mass teleportation.

There was also the obvious problem of explaining how I had returned to the ecliptic after disappearing from Richie's grave.

How do I get lucky for fooling everyone so far?

Antirrhinus decided to go to Richie's grave and give the Vampire Council and the Black Order the details.

"Are you sure about that? They probably think you're a traitor now."

"I think it will work out somehow."

With a smirk, Antirrhinus disappeared into the shadows of the night.

Well, is it time for me to worry about Antony?

Walking down an alleyway on the ecliptic, I stepped out into the street.

If I succeed in hiding Akasha, I will now have to repair the damage I have done as a demon. And the affairs of the Demon Church, one by one.

We don't know if we'll actually have to complete Akasha and create another world and move the demons there.

Sarkozy would agree with that plan.

If I take my demons with me to the New World, and my ability to control them is stronger than it is now, I might even become a god of the New World.

If I tried to do that, Antirrhinus would think it was boring and try to kill me.

I walked down the street and stood at the entrance to the temple, crossing the gate as I always did.

But whatever.

There was a certain awkwardness to it, unlike anything I'd ever seen before.

Everyone.

staring at me.

Especially when I realize that the guards and other Temple Gate forces are watching me.

As soon as he sees me, every muscle in his body tenses up.

Vigilance.

And the question.

Plus.

Fear.

As I stepped through the gate and turned around, I was met with a bizarre sight.

Before I knew it, guards were standing behind me, blocking my exit.

And.

"......Bertus?"

Bertus, sitting on a bench somewhere, walks slowly toward me.

Why is Bertus here at this time of night?

The usual Bertus seems to be laughing a little too hard. The unmasked Bertus smiles slightly sinisterly.

However, the current Bertus is different.

It was Bertus, his face hardened into a grim expression.

His face was filled with a level of anger that even he couldn't contain.

Why?

"I, I don't understand."

Bertus looks at me, surrounded by articles.

"This situation, I, I don't understand at all."

Bertus looks at me and says

"Why on earth would....... you?"

Confusion, anger, and a sense of betrayal mingled in Bertus's mind, and he couldn't seem to make sense of it himself.

a.

Was it?

It felt like something was breaking inside of me.

Too late.

No.

In the first place, was it supposed to be like this?

Was it my destiny to reach the end of it all and end up like this?

Just one more step.

I wonder if not being able to take that last step was my destiny.

"Grab it."

At Bertus's brief command, they moved.



* * *



His arms were tied and his eyes were blindfolded.

That wasn't all.

"I hear you're using the power of a spirit, gag him so he can't talk."

Bertus's simple instructions left me speechless.

The good news is that the only thing taken from me was the Flame of Hua Yao. The invisible Ring of Sarkegar was not taken, so I was still in Reinhardt's form.

Indeed, it was a tool of concealment and disguise, and the Dreadfind clan heirloom would not be able to detect a pat-down unless I removed it.

I was grabbed by the knights and taken somewhere.

Something is wrong.

I don't know the extent of his suspicions about me. But Bertus knew something.

I don't know where or how it went wrong, but I now have over 100,000 achievement points. I don't see how resigning can fix the situation.

Which building in the temple, and where it is believed to be deep underground.

-Bang! Bang!

I could hear the rattle of chains.

And when the blindfold came off, I couldn't help but notice.

It's impossible to resolve doubts by retirement.

-Crrr.......

Like me, he could see Lykanslof in a cage with a gag in his mouth.

Red hair.

No.

It was blood, and its original coat was white.

It was a white lycanthrope with seven armors of blood on its body.

-Bang! Bang!

The chained lycanthrope struggled, his eyes flashing with madness. But whatever chains he was bound with, they were only tightening, not breaking.

Loyar.

And full moon.

Even if I didn't know the specifics, I couldn't help but understand.

Loyar has been captured.

And Loyaar had been seen during the Demon's Attack.

"Need I say more?"

Bertus, standing next to me, asks in a cold tone.

Even if we don't know how we got here, the result is clear.

It was clear that I was one of the Devil's minions, or perhaps the Devil himself.

Although.......

Use retirements.

I know I'm the devil, but people believe me.

That they'll trust my intentions.



[This retirement operation cannot be performed].



I was destined to kneel before the mountain of lies I had built up for myself.

So that, again, was not possible.





Episode 435.





Temple, the temple of the sun god.

"......."

Ellen was lying in bed, staring blankly up at the ceiling.

"Looks like Reinhardt is back at....... I think he's back."

"......."

Charlotte, who had gone off somewhere to talk for a bit, came back and told Ellen that.

In her fight with Loyar, Ellen came close to death several times.

Even as a Swordmaster, Lycanthrope's power, unleashed by the full moon, was too much to handle.

Lement and Lapelt.

Without the two holy relics, we might have lost.

In a daze, Ellen succeeded in subduing Lycanthrope and dragging his body out of the sewers before he passed out.

The soldiers and knights who followed Ellen completed the rest of the work.

The priests healed him, but the fatigue that threatened to overwhelm him never returned.

Adriana was taken into custody.

I assured Charlotte that I had nothing to do with this, but you never know what might happen.

They pursued the truth, and after only two days, they arrived at it.

It wasn't hard to pick up on the clues scattered everywhere.

But dealing with the easy truth is another matter.

"Ellen."

"Yes."

Charlotte asks, not looking at Ellen.

"Is Reinhardt the....... the devil?"

Ellen stares up at the ceiling in silence.

Maybe not the Devil, maybe Reinhardt is one of his minions.

But a confession that was just a joke.

That's now the final piece of the puzzle.

All the arrows of doubt and suspicion were pointed at Reinhardt.

"Yes."

Ellen says, her eyes unfocused.

"It will, I'm sure."

Reinhardt is the devil.



* * *



The temple was silent.

The arrest of the warrior Reinhardt on suspicion of being a demon was a highly secretive affair.

Those who knew a little bit about it were silent.

Then, the elite forces of the Empire, including Saviolin Tana, who had traveled to Darklands to search for the missing Reinhardt, returned at the call of the Empire.

That included, of course, the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan and Herriot.

Herriot, who had been stamping his feet, his complexion white from the failure to find the missing Reinhardt, turned more than white when he heard the story of the Archduke St. Thuan, who had returned from an audience with the Emperor with Saviolin Tana.

"Moo, what are you talking about, Dad......?"

The Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine was not the only one who didn't understand the situation.

"It is very likely that Reinhardt is a demon....... His Majesty has told me."

"Uh......? What do you mean by that?"

It was something she'd never thought of, and though she heard the words correctly, she doubted her ears, wondering if she'd heard them right.

Archduke Saint-Thuan briefed the Emperor on the progress of Charlotte and Ellen's investigation and Bertus's final instructions.

She's not smart enough to understand all that talk.

But I couldn't believe it.

"There must be a misunderstanding....... There's a misunderstanding. It can't be, Dad. Reinhardt is....... Reinhard is a man. He's a human being. He's a human being....... So how can Reinhardt be......."

The Archduke gently picked up the flailing Herriot.

"That's right. If there was a misunderstanding, it will be cleared up."

"Yeah, something, there's a misunderstanding, obviously......."

Reinhardt's last words echoed in Herriot's mind in a faint consciousness.

'I wanted to save everyone.......'

There's no way that Reinhardt is the devil.

It can't be the devil.

But Herriot clearly remembered the presence at Reinhardt's side at that moment, an unidentified but powerful being.

Out of the corner of his eye, Herriot sees someone walking out of the Tetra, the central palace of the Imperial Palace.

Saviolin Tana.

Herriot watched as the pale-complexioned leader of Shanapelle left the Tetra, staggered, and slumped to the ground.

-Sir!

-Grooming!

Many of the knights rushed to their leader, who collapsed in a heap as his legs gave out.

The.

It was a huge question mark, suspicion, and shock on everyone's mind.



* * *



I was gagged.

This was to keep his mouth shut in case he used the power of the spirits to say something stupid.

But because of that, I couldn't make any excuses or say anything to defend myself.

So far, why I did it.

The reasons for the things I've done so far.

I was not given the slightest excuse or opportunity to defend myself.

I did all of this to stop the Gate from destroying the world, and now that I've found Akasha, I've accomplished my goal.

I wasn't even given the opportunity to say that.

That I have the power of words.

My greatest superpower is now my worst curse.

Just as even the power of tongues given to me was a device to prevent me from saying anything in this situation.

I was unable to say anything for myself, or for those who would feel betrayed by me.

Trapped underground in the dark, I couldn't sense time, but I knew it was daylight.

Loyar has returned to his human form.

Loyar was locked in a cage across from me.

Loyar, gagged, looks at me.

"Uh....... u....... uu......."

Tears welled up in Loyar's puffy eyes.

I wonder if he thinks he's the reason I got caught.

Well.

I don't think so.

The accumulation of events was bound to reach a critical mass and explode at some point, it just happened to be at the wrong time.

I didn't know what I was getting myself into, but if this was what it was going to take, I might as well do it. This is what was supposed to happen, so this is what's going to happen.

Self-defeating.

That's what it felt like.

So I shake my head at Loyar, who can't speak, but is looking at me, wide-eyed and crying. At least I had the freedom to move my head.

Maybe it's your fault.

I don't think so.

I wonder if my heart was in the right place.

Loyar didn't stop crying, but he grew more animalistic and feverish.

Where is this in the temple.

Unknown.

However, the Empire seems to have decided that since I was captured in the Temple, it was better to keep me there rather than transport me to the Imperial Palace.

-jerky

Soon, the guards were replaced.

The knights of Shanapelle and the wizards of the Imperial Mages.

Immediately, those who left with me yesterday on a mission have arrived to spy on me, now an alleged demon.

As if the world had turned upside down in a single day, everything had changed.

Two cages.

Soon, I knew who was closest to me and who would be watching Loyar.

Saviolin Tana.

She stares down at me, chained to the cage.

She didn't seem to understand the situation yet.

"Reinhardt."

"......."

She calls to me from outside the cage.

"You're the devil?"

He's gagged and can't say anything.

Better.

Yes, I am the devil.

Or, in this case, lie about it.

I didn't want to put any words in my mouth.

Saviolin Tana stares wide-eyed at me over the bars.

"No way....... that you saved the Empress......."

"......."

Yes.

I can't help but come to this conclusion.

In the chain of events, it all comes down to me saving Charlotte.

We can only assume that this was done to keep the spirit of the ancestral demon alive.

In the name of saving everyone, every action I take to protect someone will be an arrow back at me.

I could understand in my head that this thought process was going on.

I couldn't help but feel hopeless and miserable.



* * *



Naturally, I wasn't just trapped and watched.

"The dispel is not working."

"Yeah, well, if that were the case, it would be a spell that would break the moment you crossed the Temple Gate."

She must have deduced that I was changing my appearance. After hearing the wizard's report, Saviolin Tana stares at me.

"Did you use some kind of polymorph magic......."

Sarkegar's ring, which specializes in camouflage, was undetected by the wizards' magic.

Saviolin Tana looks at me still. As if she wants to believe that I'm really just a human.

But I know that my guardian is a lycanthrope who is clearly the devil's pawn.

And at the point where I have two holy relics, I can hardly be considered anything more than a minion of the devil.

Unless you were a demon or something, there was a perception that you couldn't have two holy objects.



* * *



How much time has passed.

I wonder if the Council and the Black Order realize what I've become now.

What would happen if we found out.

With no real sense of time, I could see what I was about to face.

"Your Highness......."

I heard Saviolin Tana speak to someone, her voice filled with concern.

Soon, a human figure appeared in front of the cage.

It was Charlotte.

Charlotte stared at me.

"Open it."

"Your Majesty, no."

"Open it."

Charlotte only said that twice. Saviorin Tana finally gave in to Charlotte's strong will and opened the door to the cage.

Charlotte knelt in front of me, bound and gagged.

Charlotte looks at me.

I couldn't fathom the depth of emotion in his eyes, the depth of his betrayal.

Charlotte looks at me and asks.

"You've lied to me so many times, so far."

"......."

"So just this once, just this once, let's be....... be honest. Just this one time. Just this one time....... be honest."

Charlotte looks at me.

Even in this situation, they kneel before me, begging for the truth.

"You're....... right?"

You didn't ask what's right, but I know what you're asking.

Is this the same kid you escaped the demon castle with?

Am I the devil.

That's what we're asking.

I'd say no.

At this point, I'm starting to feel like I'm lying.

There is no escape, and the truth that I am the devil is a truth that must be revealed.

There's no way you're going to get off scot-free and go back to your old life without raising any suspicions.

So far, we've fooled Charlotte.

I've lied to Charlotte more than anyone else.

And now that it's all over, I have to tell the now tired lie again.

No.

I'm exhausted.

I got tired of piling on the lies.

I look at Charlotte.

If you lie this far, you'll end up feeling even more betrayed.

I felt that if I denied it, something even more irreversible would happen.

Too late.

I couldn't let the misunderstanding build any further.

-nod

I nodded, still gagged.

"You know I....... You know....... I......."

With her head down, Charlotte murmurs in a shaky voice.

I was crying.

"What the hell am I....... you....... What did I do wrong......?"

There is no such thing.

"Why me, why only me, why me....... Why me like this....... Did you have to bully me? Was I that....... Did you hate me? Yes, the Empire wiped out the Demon Realm and you're trying to get revenge....... I get it....... Did I....... replace....... To go to this....... How much I cared about you, how much....... how much I thought and....... You know how I did, and then I forgot you. Again, to the point where relying on you....... Was that your calculation?"

I wanted to save you.

"What did you want to do with the demon spirit inside of me? Yeah, it was weird, somehow. You asked me to take you to the Palace of Spring because you thought I was in trouble, and you showed up just in time to stop me from going on a rampage, and that was all.......? Because you're the Devil's son......? Because you knew what was going on with me from the beginning....... because you knew everything......."

I had nothing to say about the puzzle I was putting together on my own.

If it had a mouth, it could have said something.

I'm wondering why I didn't say something sooner, and if there's anything I can say.

Now I can say it, and you'll think I'm telling another lie because I've already been caught.

"If you married me....... If you married me....... you could have taken over an empire....... Did you even think about that......?"

Yes.

I can see how you could even think that.

You might think that my engagement to protect you was a plot by the devil to take over the empire by marrying a princess who was out of contention for the imperial throne.

Bertus was the one who proposed the betrothal to the princess, but I was the one who accepted.

I'm not rebuilding the demon world, I'm an empire-devouring demon who makes his enemies his own.

It was a plausible plan, if I do say so myself.

Of course, that was never the intention.

If that's the case, then Ellen, who prevented that from happening by becoming the Empress's Guardian Knight, becomes a hero to the Empire.

"If I....... so....... to you so much, so much....... wrong?"

I was taken advantage of from start to finish.

Since my escape from the Demon Castle. Meeting me at the Temple, getting to know me, my role as messenger, my treatment of Charlotte, and the many lies I've told will eventually be understood as part of my ambition to take over the Empire.

So there she was, in front of me, shaking with betrayal, unable to cry properly.

"You'd rather have killed me....... I'd rather you killed me......."

"......."

"Well, if you're going to make me more miserable than dead....... You should have just killed me......."

It was actually the devil who saved him.

I realized it was the devil, and now I had to rely on someone else, and even he was the devil.

You can't help but think you've been played.

"That must have been fun....... playing with me like that....... Me, not knowing anything and smiling at you....... crying in front of you, and all the times I did that....... was fun, wasn't it......?"

Charlotte looks at me.

Charlotte's vacant gaze bores into me.

"All those moments of trying to cling to you, not knowing you had enemies in front of you, not knowing you were being used, not knowing that....... Wasn't it ridiculous and unbearable?"

No.

I look more ridiculous than anything else right now.

It's the reality of doing something that shouldn't have been done at all, causing all of this, and ultimately causing the collapse of everything.

My now is funny.

"If you....... in the world....... I hope you die in the most miserable way in the world......."

Charlotte mumbles to herself.

"I don't want to be comfortable when I die, and I don't want to be in the bottom of hell when I die, and I don't want to be tormented for all eternity....... I hope so......."

Charlotte curses me.

What did I do so wrong.

Charlotte kept saying that in front of me.

That's what I wanted to say.

What did I do so wrong.......





 436





Helped to her feet by the knights, Charlotte staggered to the ground and found two people waiting for her.

Ellen and Harriet were waiting.

A temporary jail-like space to hold students who have caused incidents inside the temple.

The area was now being guarded by Shanapelle and the highest ranking mages of the Imperial Mage Corps.

Literally, it was so well guarded that not an ant could get in.

The makeshift camp where Reinhardt was now confined was even more guarded than the Tetra, the central palace where the emperor resided.

Herriot still couldn't believe what was happening, and Ellen looked calm.

Ellen didn't say anything, just that she didn't want to show it.

When Charlotte said she could come in with her, Ellen shook her head.

He said he wouldn't know what to say to Reinhardt if he met him. I denied it.

Charlotte says with dead eyes.

"Reinhardt, the devil is right."

"You're lying....... No, you're not. You're not. Why would Reinhardt......."

Her lips quivered, and she shook her head.

Charlotte didn't say anything to Harriet, who was in denial.

Ellen walked away, supporting Charlotte.

Ellen didn't say anything until the end.

Herriot stared at the camp where Reinhardt was being held, unable to turn away.

Reinhardt himself admitted that he was the devil.

Why.

Why.

When you say you wanted to protect everyone, what then?

Herriot stood there, frozen in place, for a long moment in front of the heavily guarded makeshift camp building.

"No, you don't....... No. No, Reinhardt....... No, it's not......."

Herriot mumbled to himself for a long time, as if possessed by something.

I had a lot of questions for Reinhardt.

What have we been doing all this time?

What the heck did they want?

However, Herriot couldn't even get permission to meet Reinhardt on his own.



* * *



"......."

"......."

The Emperor, Neliod de Gradias, and the First Prince, Bertus de Gradias, sat across from each other, speechless.

Reinhardt.

The man I thought was the hope of the empire turned out to be the devil.

The actions you've taken so far to save Charlotte have actually been the Devil's way of taking over the empire.

"We've made too much of Darklands and the new demon."

"......."

At Bertus' words, the emperor was speechless.

"I almost sold the empire to the devil."

Even the engagement didn't come from Reinhard himself, but from Bertus.

So this is what it's like to be smoked out of your skull.

Without realizing it, I almost snatched up the empire and put it in the devil's mouth.

The warrior who saved Charlotte de Gradias time and time again.

That's why he allowed his betrothal to the First Empress, thinking it was the only way to ensure her safety.

But it was all in the devil's calculations.

Overriding his reputation as a warrior, he accomplishes so much that he overtakes the heir apparent to the imperial throne, Bertus de Gradias, and becomes emperor.

No, there was a way to make Charlotte an emperor.

They don't raise up crumbling empires, they consume them.

The emperor and the prince were in awe and astonishment at the devil's idea, for it was unthinkable that a culprit could have come up with it, and even more so that the plan could have been realized.

"With the power of the demonic realm in my hands, I could have created any number of fake achievements, even one for defeating a demon king, and placed it in my hands, and....... I might have been able to fulfill that ridiculous plan."

"......."

It was all a calculated move.

For planting the demon's spirit in Charlotte, for saving her just in time, and for convincing the imperial family that no one but he could calm her condition.

The kind of revenge that doesn't take down your enemies, but makes them your own.

Clearly, Reinhardt was able to realize his plan.

Bertus realized that even the emperor had a knife at the nape of his neck.

Bertus, as well as Reinhard, had invited the emperor to a private audience several times because of the importance of his presence.

If you wanted to disrupt the empire, you had the option of killing the emperor.

But I endured all those small moments of revenge for a bolder goal.

What transcendent endurance, mental strength, and willpower.

Not knowing the truth, they both recognize that Reinhardt's actions thus far have been in the name of revenge.

That's why they're both horrified by his momentum, which has allowed him to become the empress's closest confidant and even her fianc in just over a year since he infiltrated the temple.

I thought it was a minor force that I could wipe out at any time, but the demon was right next to me, not poisoning me from afar.

Not by destroying the empire, but by growing the ambition to consume it.

"And when you consider that Reinhardt's closest friends were Ellen Artorius, Olivia Ranze, and Harriet de Saint-Hilaire....... I suppose it might have been possible to push me out."

The warrior's sister.

Saint of the Five Great Houses.

And Herriot de Saint-tienne used his magic to stop the raining meteors, a feat that even the archmage could have accomplished.

Considering what the three of them could do and how influential they could be, their becoming Demon Men was a disaster for the empire.

Of course, Ellen Artorius played a key role in uncovering the Devil's identity.

If Ellen and Charlotte hadn't picked up on the demon's trail along the way, it's entirely possible that a demon disguised as a human could have consumed the empire.

It was Bertus, the emperor, and he was out of his mind in the usual way.

Because something unimaginable has happened.

"I don't know what to do with it."

But the most important question remained.

You've captured a demon.

But it was also the end of something, and the beginning of a huge headache.

First things first.

To announce to the world that Reinhardt was in fact the Devil or not.

"Aside from the reasons why the Demon was given the choice of two holy objects, that in itself is enough to cause a schism in the Church of God."

"Of course......."

The gods are right.

If so, it could be concluded that since Als and Tuan chose the Devil, the Devil is right.

"They could tell the story that the devil has stolen the holy relic through some nefarious means, or something like that, and the crowds might believe it, but it would still cause a great deal of turmoil within the Order of Als and Tuan."

"Demon worshippers are also a problem, and I'm afraid that some of the Shintoists might try to demonize them."

Bertus and the Emperor's faces were filled with sorrow.

It's also possible that some of the Shintoists will follow the Demon King. Then it was only a matter of time before the entire continent, if not all of its adherents, would be in turmoil.

"We could publicly execute the demon and announce that there are no more Archdemons left in the world to calm public opinion, but....... I think that would be too risky."

"I suppose so. We've got the demon, but not the rest of him, and as long as he's been able to infiltrate the Temple, we'll never know how far he's planted his forces......."

Two important issues.

I have no idea what the extent of the demon's power is.

Public executions are inevitably followed by a rebel takeover. The Archdemon's existence is so vital that any demon loyal to the Demon Realm will lay down their lives for the task of reclaiming it.

And a third.

The Devil wasn't just planning to swallow up the empire.

"It's almost certain that the events at Ritchie's tomb also involved demonic forces."

"Is that so?"

"The Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan was the mastermind of the last incident, and I understand he accompanied Dwyn and Richie on their search for the grave."

The Emperor had received reports from Saviolin Tana and the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, and had compiled their information.

"We still don't know exactly what happened, but it's believed to have been a fight for the possession of a magic tool named Akasha. Dwyndo mentioned that the owner of the dungeon was also named Akasha."

"Akasha......?"

"I don't know the details. From what I've seen of the situation, a number of high-ranking vampires and mages were present, and I believe it was Lothar Dwyn who knew of Akasha's whereabouts. However, one of the demon's forces has betrayed him and seems intent on capturing Akasha........ I don't know. Whether the Demon King failed or succeeded in securing Akasha."

"What is Akasha?"

"I don't know."

The Emperor shook his head and added.

"But from Tana's reports, it's the stuff that makes you a god."

It's the kind of thing that makes you giggle when you hear it, but the fight to get it has caused a lot of trouble.

The moon grows many times larger, and mythical, mega-scale magic.

If it's something that those beings would fight for, you'd be right.

"We don't know what this Akasha thing is, but we can't just kill the demon at this point. If it's in his hands, that's one thing, but if it's in the hands of one of his minions, that's another."

Just as the great Valier so foresaw.

No one can bear to see a weapon capable of destroying them in the hands of an enemy.

As Luna Artorius would say.

Not out of greed for Akasha, but out of fear of Akasha.

Once the empire learned about Akasha, they couldn't help but want it.

After all, at this point, the Demon would have to die at some point, but he couldn't be killed right now.



* * *



Bertus made his way to the prison where Reinhard of the Temple was being held.

Reinhardt was the devil.

It made me suspicious of things I hadn't suspected before, and it raised a lot of questions.

However, there were questions that were answered.

It didn't make any sense to me at all, but what I couldn't understand, I now understood completely.

Female.

Reinhardt wasn't quiet to begin with.

But as if infiltrating the temple and keeping quiet weren't bad enough, the devil cross-dresses.

It was completely incomprehensible, and Bertus drew a simple conclusion from it.

Maybe the devil is supposed to be a woman.

In other words, she was a princess, not a prince of Darkland.

For now, it's clear that demons have the ability to shape-shift and disguise their bodies.

That's why he used Charlotte, who has the soul of a demon, and took on the form of a man to win her heart.

We don't know if he entered the temple to take advantage of Charlotte de Gradias, but he may have decided that it was more advantageous for him to assume a male form than a female one.

That's why I took on the persona of Reinhardt.

However, after being in the form of a man for so long, it must have been so frustrating that she wanted to return to her original form.

So I think she was expressing that inner need in a bizarre way by entering a cross-dressing contest.

Otherwise, Bertus couldn't see why a demon would enter a cross-dressing contest.

'When I think about it, I was closer to my female classmates because....... because of that?'

After all, it was a demon-human relationship and there was a sinister agenda, but if you consider that the female classmates hung out with him because they were more comfortable inside, it was not unreasonable for him to behave in a feminine way.

In the midst of his thoughts, Bertus was able to come to a conclusion about the Demoness, who had been tormenting him for so long with so little benefit.

The devil was a princess.

That explains everything.

He was plotting to use her to take over the empire, but deep down, he didn't want to forget who he really was.

Some.......

"......."

Bertus paused to think.





Episode 437.





The chains that bind the devil are no ordinary chains.

Essentially, chains designed to bind powerful criminals or fiends and similar things will block any magical attempts the captive might make.

casting magic.

Or disenchantment.

Or any kind of behavior that uses artifacts.

As such, he was unable to use any kind of power except his own physical strength, or psychic powers that he had no way of controlling.

And the many knights and wizards inside the prison would not stand idly by as the demon escaped.

Contingencies, tinkering with superpowers.

To prepare for the situation and hear the statement, Bertus was doing what he had to do.

-Pajik!

"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!"

Bertus watched Reinhardt writhing in agony with his savior, Tana.

It's been about three hours now.

Reinhardt's eyes were bloodshot red, his whole body shaking, but he had withstood the magic without fainting.

-Bang! Bang!

-Ew! Ew! Ew!

And behind him, a gray-haired woman with a ponytail struggled.

They hadn't done anything magical, but they were feeling Reinhardt's pain as if it were their own.

Reinhard writhing in agony, the gray-haired woman weeping and weeping like an animal, writhing as if she felt her master's pain as much as her own.

How much time has passed.

Bertus watched as Reinhardt's body sagged as the pain ended.

The Archmage of the Imperial Mages, who had done so much magic, shook his head.

It wasn't worth the torture.

"Not a single mental trick is working."

"......Yes."

"I feel like I'm being protected by some kind of giant barrier....... It's as if you're under the protection of the gods....... I apologize, Your Majesty."

"Well, it's true that this guy was chosen by God. He's not wrong."

As long as we know that the demon has the power of speech, we can't ungag him. So we tried to break his mind, brainwash him, and get him to talk, but his spirit was strong.

As if protected by some great force, the demon's mind could not be penetrated or even cracked open.

"I'll ask them then."

Bertus pointed to the cage on the other side.

At that command, the door to the opposite cell opened, and Tana removed the gag from Loyar's mouth.

It was painful for Tana to see the tear-streaked trail of misery.

"What is Akasha?"

"......I don't know."

"That's a pretty obvious answer."

"......I don't know. I."

Loyar had been hiding from the full moon, so he hadn't been to Ritchie's tomb and knew even less about Akasha than the Empire knew.

"Let's see if your head is that hard. Go ahead."

"Yes, Your Highness."

The same psychic magic that had been used on Reinhardt was now being used on Loyaar.

-Pagic!

"Turn off ....... Ugh!"

Lyakhanslov's mental capacity was far beyond that of the killer.

But it's not the ubiquitous torture technician or inquisitor who's touching Loyar's mind right now.

Among the best mages among humankind, they are masters of the mental realm of magic, and have studied these areas exclusively.

An aging archmage who has no reason to dabble in the cruder things of direct torture, such as tampering with people's minds. He has mastered the magic of the mind, so to speak, that he has no reason to do this for the sake of trivial clinical data.

Loyar's spirit could not escape his touch.

"ugh, ugh....... ugh......."

Bertus asks in front of the gray-haired woman, whose mind has completely disintegrated, drooling at the corners of her mouth, and who is completely lost in thought.

"What is Akasha?"

"Infinitely....... collecting magical....... artifacts......."

Loyard tells the truth as he knows it.

"Collecting magic? I heard it can give you godlike powers?"

"I don't know....... I'm....... beyond that......."

Another keyword. Magic collection.

It's impossible to lie in this state of mind.

It's clear that this woman really doesn't know about Akasha.

Eventually, we need to ungag Reinhardt and get him to talk.

Bertus looked behind him, not at the gray-haired woman, who looked shaken and distraught.

"......."

While Loyard was being mentally tortured, Reinhardt was silent behind him.

But when Bertus saw Reinhardt, he couldn't help but be impressed.

Just as Loyard had wept at the sight of his master's suffering, Reinhard was weeping through his gag.

Those tears, they were red.

The pain, anger, and sadness that ordinary tears cannot express.

And despair ran through the corners of the demon's eyes.

As Bertus watched Reinhardt weep blood, he felt an intense, unexplained sense of dread.



* * *



The gray-haired woman doesn't know what Akasha is.

So, in the end, we have to ask Reinhardt.

Bertus left the stunned gray-haired woman behind and stood before Reinhardt again.

Bertus stares at the tear streaks of blood that run from the corners of the demon's eyes down his cheeks.

What Akasha is.

It was a simple question to ask, but the power of an unidentified spirit was too much of an obstacle.

"At this rate, I'll starve to death before I figure anything out."

I couldn't give him water or food because he was gagged to prevent him from using words.

You can't kill the demon until you know what Akasha is.

At this rate, the demon will dehydrate or starve before we can figure anything out, but if we force him to speak, he might try to do something with his words.

Necromancy is a superpower.

This is why magic can't cope with or prevent it.

Words.

Superpowers.

What to do about it.

"......."

In Bertus's mind, the name of the person he needed most right now popped into his head.

Immune.

Scarlett would be unaffected by Reinhardt's words now.

If so, no matter what happens, Scarlett has your back.



* * *



Scarlett, a second-year Royal Class B-3, has noticed that the atmosphere at Temple has been a bit turbulent lately.

Of course, I hadn't really noticed anything unusual. Stories of battles and demonic captures in the Darklands were highly classified, and rumors couldn't afford to get out.

However, the presence of far more Imperial knights and wizards than usual inside the temple, and the very somber atmosphere, were enough to make me realize that there was a dark cloud hanging over the place.

And best of all, a royal class atmosphere.

Charlotte didn't show up to class and wasn't even at Temple for some time, as if something serious was going on.

I don't know about Class A, but Bertus wasn't in class either.

But in the end, I don't know the full story, so I'm just going to assume that something is going on.

"It's ....... What?"

So, when Scarlett heard what Bertus had to say to her, she couldn't help but ask, "Why?

The explanation was long and wordy, but the bottom line was simple.

You've captured a demon.

And that's Reinhardt.

Scarlett couldn't believe her ears when Bertus, whom she hadn't had much contact with, said something so unbelievable.

Are you trying to make fun of me? Why? For what?

But Scarlett couldn't find the slightest hint of mischief in Bertus' expression.

Bertus was always subtly smiling and kind and gentle to all his classmates, even though we didn't know his true feelings.

But there was no way I could tell Bertus that I was kidding, as he spoke with a serious expression on his face, not the slightest hint of a smile.

"The point is, Reinhardt has some kind of psychic power that's hard to fathom, and what I'd call an interrogation isn't going well, so I need your help."

"ah......."

Scarlett couldn't make out what Bertus was saying.

But I could understand the implication that his immunity, an inscrutable superpower akin to a spirit, was necessary for the job.

Reinhardt is the devil.

You need your own help.

Scarlett nodded shakily, though she could understand nothing of what was being said.

"Yes....... If there's anything I need to do....... I'll do it......."

Bertus didn't add, but Scarlett understood enough to know that she wasn't supposed to tell anyone about this.



* * *



Bertus didn't tell Scarlett more than she needed to know.

Reinhardt is the devil.

The Devil uses a bizarre superpower known as ghosts, so if he tries to play tricks on Reinhardt with ghosts when he interrogates him, kill him.

It was a simple and straightforward instruction.

Scarlett arrives at a building inside the temple, which is guarded.

With so many knights and wizards around, the area around the building had a vast radius, and it was impossible to tell if there was a restraining order in place.

Reinhardt is the devil.

Having been chosen by the Alsbringer, Scarlet had grown to admire Reinhardt beyond admiration. But such a being was a demon.

I couldn't believe it when I heard it.

Even as Bertus led her into the heavily guarded basement of the building, Scarlett felt numb.

What's going on.

I wonder if I should be doing this.

What in the world is going on?

Biting her lip to keep from being eaten by fear. Scarlett soon found herself in a prison deep underground.

Scarlett didn't know if the Temple had originally housed a prison or if it had been hastily constructed.

The basement wasn't a huge space.

But all the knights and mages in the room remained silent, including Xaviorin Tana, the head of the Shanapelle.

Each and every one of them was a human weapon, one of the strongest in the world, and they stood their ground as if they would not tolerate any intruders.

But they all remained stony silent.

In that stifling atmosphere, Bertus handed Scarlett the canteen and food he had prepared.

We can't let it die, so we need to feed it something.

Scarlett accepted it with a shudder.

This is where Reinhardt comes in.

Reinhardt, who turns out to be a demon.

Scarlett walked slowly down the hall with Bertus, carrying a canteen and bread.

Halfway down a dark hallway.

There were bars and prisons on both sides.

Scarlet could see two beings in chains that must have been magically reinforced, even if they were pretending.

A woman with disheveled gray hair, hanging down.

And Reinhardt.

We weren't exactly close.

He's a pretty tough guy, but I thought it was cool that he always stuck to his guns and didn't bend to coercion.

I longed for that.

But the being was now reduced to a wretched figure, chained in the basement of the temple, awaiting judgment.

Are you the devil?

Why?

Why?

Faced with a grotesque absurdity, Scarlet watched as the stern-faced Savior Tana opened the cage.

Reinhard looked at Scarlett and said nothing.

As if we knew that Scarlett was a duck.

What does the red blood running down the cheek mean?

I wonder if I've been tortured or something.

"......."

Scarlett's fingertips shook violently as she removed the gag.

Scarlet couldn't comprehend that the devil who ravaged the world and the wretched, miserable Reinhardt in front of her were one and the same.

-Took

The gag in Reinhardt's mouth dropped to the floor with a thud.





Bertus asks.

"What is Akasha?"

At Bertus's question, Reinhardt opened his mouth as if he had been waiting.

"Akasha is....... tool of creation."

"It originally belonged to Cantus Magna, but at some point Darklands came into possession of it."

"The former Demon King Vali used Akasha to create a new world, so that he and his demons could migrate to it."

"And Akasha exists in the labyrinths beneath the Demon Castle."

"But it's probably moved now, and you won't find it, and I don't know where Akasha is anymore."

"I lost all memory of living in the demon world."

"So, I didn't realize I had Akasha until now."

"You're probably wondering what I want."

"I, Stretch....... Stretch, peace....... peace....... I wanted....... Hmph....... Heh heh heh......."

"May the world....... May there be peace....... Hmph. Hmph....... I hoped......."

"I don't....... I don't hate people......."

"You guys....... I wanted to save you all....... really......."

"Believe it or not....... Believe me......."

"Please...... I'll......."

Reinhardt says with a wry, wry smile.

Having said all that.

As if he knew no one would believe him.

Unable to control the laughter that leaked out.

Tell the truth about everything.

"If you don't believe me, then....... You guys need to let me go fast."

Reinhardt looks up with difficulty.

"Otherwise, Akasha might be used to destroy the world."

The demon, his eyes bloodshot, looks at Bertus.

"If you're not going to do that, at least do a public execution."

Like a madman.

"Before things get out of hand."

Scarlet could only stare in disbelief as the demon let out a low, mournful laugh.

"Hmph, hmph....... Hmph. Hmph, hmph......."

Reinhardt took no water and no bread.

Bertus narrowed his eyes at Reinhardt.

"That's ridiculous."

Bertus looked down at Reinhardt, who had bowed his head after he had finished speaking.

"If you already had something called Akasha, shouldn't you have used it, and what the hell was going on in Richie's grave?"

"......."

"You lost your memory, so you didn't know? What kind of lousy lie is that, now, are you mocking me, Reinhardt?"

"......."

"This is what happens when you realize that the head that used to work so well doesn't work anymore...it doesn't fit anymore....... A lie that's not even worth thinking about......."

"......."

"Suppose Akasha is a tool of creation, and your father, who you don't even want to believe, used it to lead demons to migrate to the Demon Realm, and you, too, for peace. Huh? Let's say that's what happened. Then, until now, you were Charlotte....... My brother. What did you do to my brother, what the hell?"

-Bam!

"Ugh!"

"You've done too many things to convince me that you wanted peace, don't you think?"

Reinhardt gulped as he kicked Ming.

Bertus was not logically wrong.

If he already had Akasha, why hadn't he used it until now? There must be more to what happened at Richie's grave.

If the library in the basement of the Demon Castle is Akasha, why have we left it alone all this time?

And what has been deceiving Charlotte all this time, that she was doing it to take over the empire, when she really wanted peace?

I've lost my memory.

So I didn't know everything.

It's a lie that doesn't even make sense.

Now that Akasha was actually in my hands, releasing it before it could be used for destruction was nothing more or less than something I said when I was cornered and had nothing else to say.

"And the power cartridges and moonshine you had the Ministry of Magic make, you know?"

"Oh....... Yeah, that happened......."

Reinhardt laughed at that, as if he'd just remembered.

"I thought everything you've done in the Temple so far was bullshit, so I dug it up, but you said it was already made, and then you made up a bunch of excuses and tried to hide your accomplishments."

"Yeah....... I did......."

Haha.

and.

Scarlett stared in horror at Reinhardt, who was grinning from ear to ear.

"I'm sure you're using it somewhere to grow your army. Aren't you?"

"Not....... Not at all....... Not......."

"Really? And what other excuses do you have for doing that?"

Bertus grimly grabs Reinhardt by the hair, forcing his head up and meeting his eyes.

"This time, I want you to think and lie."

The dead-eyed demon meets the prince's eyes, which burn with rage.

"I, in fact....... I know the future."

"......."

With trembling, cracked lips.

Reinhardt says with a laugh that is a mixture of despair, self-help, and heartbreak.

"In the future....... So....... At the beginning of the first semester next year....... A catastrophe called Gate is supposed to happen, and....... And then....... half the human race, no, more than half....... are supposed to be dying off......?"

"I....... to stop that from happening......."

"But we don't know why it's happening....... I don't know why....... I don't know either....... But I do know that it happens......."

"Even if I suddenly said something like that....... no one would believe me....... So, I searched myself for a reason....... A portal to another world....... I wondered if it was because he knew about such magical things....... Or maybe I could go to the other world first and do something about it....... I did all sorts of things....... I had Harriet study dimensional magic....... That's why I did it......."

"Power cartridges and moonshine are....... That's it. If I don't fix this....... we'll have to fight....... I need to see some of the things they're going to make in the future....... Let's make them ahead of time....... Let's give them a power boost....... It was something like this......."

"I was assuming that Cantus Magna would have something called Akasha in their possession....... I was assuming that Cantus Magna had Akasha by then....... Cantus Magna....... So the Sobriety Hunters are a group of people who are driven by magic for its own sake......."

-Bang!

Eventually, Bertus, who hadn't heard, slapped Reinhardt on the cheek.

"I told you to lie, and now you're writing a novel. Now you say you know the future?"

"Hmph, hmph....... Hmph, hmph, hmph, how....... how did you know?"

Reinhardt looks at Bertus, wide-eyed, with a grin that is nothing short of sobbing.

"This is fiction. It's true....... This world. It's a novel I wrote. How do I know the future? I created this world....... I created....... I'm the...... creator of it, or something like that....... Heh....... Heh....... Heh heh heh....... But....... I don't know everything, I only know a little....... Such an asshole....... Creator....... That's me....... Heh....... Heh heh heh......."

"You son of a bitch......!"

Bertus, his eyes rolling back in his head, roughly drew the sword Scarlet was wearing.

-Thwack!

"Your Majesty!"

"Woe....... Emperor!"

"Get off me, you fucking dog....... How far will you go to get me......!"

Tana quickly restrained Bertus from swinging his sword at her, and Scarlet went white in the face.

"Let go, let go, you son of a bitch, you're still messing with me!"

"Your Majesty! No, not yet, not yet!"

Reinhardt was laughing maniacally, even as he watched Bertus lose his temper.

"I know it's true....... What can I do....... I know this is true....... What can I do....... Hmph, hmph....... Hmph......."

The devil sobs like a madman.

"So....... You don't and can't believe what I said....... So....... So......."

The expression on the demon's face was wiped from his face as he laughed like a madman.

"Kill me now, before it's too late."

Scarlett could only watch in horror.





Episode 438.





There was a grim silence in the room, and no one dared to speak up.

In the room were the five heads of the Lord Vampire family, including Antrianus, as well as Sarkegar.

Elysees vouched for the return of Antirrhinus, who had betrayed her.

Antirrhinus was not a traitor, but rather returned from killing the head of the Cantus Magna.

As for Akasha's whereabouts, Eleris offered minimal explanation.

Akasha is the tool of creation and is now in a safe place.

Per Valerie's instructions, Eleris had moved Akasha to a different location for now.

They were now gathered in the stronghold of Lerouen, not the castle of Epiax.

Epiax was no longer available, as many humans had been sent to investigate.

We all had a pretty good idea of what was going on from the trail of Epiax's collapse.

Radia Schmidt got into a fight with someone and disappeared.

They were informed of the current situation by Epinhauser through Lucinil, who informed them that the Devil was now being held in the Temple.

Radia Schmidt is presumed dead.

And the Demon King and Loyaar are being held in the Temple.

Eleris's complexion was white as a sheet.

"Your clumsy compassion has endangered the king, Elerys."

"......."

At the end of Sarkegar's day, Eleris had no answer.

Clumsy compassion.

Those little cogs made the mismatched pieces come together, and that's how Valier was discovered.

Sarkegar's shapeshifting abilities make it possible to sneak in, but impossible to bring out.

Therefore, only armed conflict is considered.

"The place where you are now being held will be more difficult to enter than the Tetra, the central palace of Emperatos. And any assault on it would require our few forces to enter the temple first. Is it possible for us now to penetrate the temple, and then by force to the dungeon at its core, where your Majesty is imprisoned?"

Neither of them answered Sarkegar's question.

You're not facing a shortstop, you're going into the infield.

That's impossible.

And there are other alliances, aside from the Houses of the Council.

"Is there any chance the Black Order could help us with this?"

At Sarkegar's words, Galarsh shook his head.

"The destruction of Cantus Magna was a condition of our cooperation with the Order. And now that Cantus Magna is long gone, there's no reason for them to give us any more help."

"I'd rather worry about them coveting Akasha."

The Black Order was not here now.

After the events of Ritchie's Tomb, the Council refrained from contacting them until after Akasha was secured, as there was no telling how they would react if they learned the truth about Akasha.

If anything, EpinHauser's reporting of the detention in Bali was an undue favor.

With the Cantus Magna matter resolved and the truth of Akasha not shared with them, the alliance is effectively over. Arguably, by betrayal on the part of the Council.

So asking for help because the Demon King has been kidnapped isn't going to work, and the Order is more likely to ask for Akasha than anything else.

Situations where you can't hope for help from the Black Order.

The only thing that exists is the power of the Vampire Council.

It's impossible to get your Valerie back.

Eleris, the one most responsible for this situation, could only stare blankly.

Balie is about to die.

Antirrhinus, who had been silent, smirks.

"Why not use Akasha?"

"......."

At that, Sarkegar's brow furrowed.

"Didn't you say Akasha is a tool of creation, and how does that help in this situation?"

"That's an oversimplification."

Antirrhinus looks at Eleris with a coy smile.

"Akasha is already a very powerful source of power in her own right. Now, I'm sure the Emperor and the Temple have defenses in place against that level of magic, so it would be difficult to resolve the situation with powerful magic, but....... Why don't you consider that it is a tool of creation?"

"......."

"It's taking the things that make the world, and using them a little differently."

"What do you mean, use it differently?"

"It's like making the world half-assed, half-assed."

Antirrhinus chuckles.

"Half a world makes a world......?"

"Akasha is unfinished, so if we go live now, ....... you'll be building something that's infinitely closer to the world, but not yet the world."

Eleris bit her lip at Antrian's explanation.

Antirrhynchus was never able to see and enter Akasha himself, but he was told about it by Lucren, the head of Cantus Magna.

As a tool of creation, I had to know how it could be used.

We've already heard about Akasha, its uses, and the side effects of using it incompletely.

"It's about making that world collide with the current world with a bang."

"Very big."

"The likes of which no one had ever seen or heard before."

"The dreaded....... There will be a catastrophe of epic proportions."

"Humanity will be thrown into chaos. Castles, bridges, and houses will collapse and be destroyed, and humanity will be in chaos."

"What then?"

"If the world is about to end, shouldn't all those wizards and knights who have been assigned to keep watch over the devil's side leave?"

"To save people, to save lives."

"We're trying to capitalize on that."

"We're going to take advantage of that, and we're going to save the day."

"They have to fix the disaster that has befallen the world, and they don't have time for us trying to rescue the Demon from their clutches."

"With most of humanity dying, or perhaps even destroyed by it, it would be as easy as seeing fire to rescue him and then rebuild the demon world."

"So I'm going to tell you."

"Let's use Akasha, but let's use it unfinished on purpose."

Antirrhinus watched with amusement as Elise bit her lip.

Galarsh, Lerouen, and Lucinil were speechless.

Sarkegar's eyes widened.

"Such a....... Such a way......."

Extinction of the human race.

Demon to the rescue.

The Rebuild.

They had the means to fulfill three of Sarkegar's wishes in one fell swoop.

"I guess there's no other way to do it, no, there's no reason to do it any other way."

Half the human race is gone, or so it seems.

Sarkegaard believes that if you have the means, there's no reason not to use them.

"But....... work?"

Lerouen said hesitantly.

It would be a disaster of epic proportions.

Even if you have a goal of saving Valerie, you can't make decisions like this so easily.

Lucinil looks sadly at Sarkegar.

"I too....... I don't want our Valerie to die, but....... Do we have the right to do that, to cause something like that....... even if it happens?"

Sarkeghar narrowed his eyes at Lucinil's worried words, too big a catastrophe to discuss.

"Humans have destroyed our world."

"They have killed the sons and daughters of the Darklands, enslaved and raped them, and now they seek to destroy our one remaining future, the last hope of securing it."

"They destroyed us, they stole our land, they stole our children, and now they want to destroy our last hope."

"Do you not think that we, or I, or you, have a right to destroy them?"

"Who started the last war, humanity or not?"

"Who the hell has the right to destroy humanity if not us?"

"They destroyed us, so shouldn't they be destroyed as well?"

They destroyed us, so we have the right to destroy them. At that, Lucinil bites her lip and looks at Sarkegar.

To that well-deserved hatred, Lucinil and Lerouen found nothing to add.

Sarkhegar believes that the sons and daughters of Darkland have the right to destroy humanity, so he agrees with Antrianus that Akasha should be left intentionally unfinished.

There's no reason not to choose it.

Even if the demon dies, humanity is doomed.

An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.

You have destroyed us, so be you destroyed.

That's not right.

It shouldn't.

We need to find a win-win.

To someone who has had everything destroyed, such talk is the dime-a-dozen hypocrisy of those who have never been in that position.

No one could say anything to the enraged Sarkegar.

"Sure, I can see where you're coming from, but that's not something you can do just because you decide to do it."

Antrianus smiled and spoke to Sarkegar in a soft tone.

"You are the only one who knows where Akasha is right now, and you are the only one who can enter Akasha."

Libraries of the Underground City of Demons.

Now the location has changed, but only three beings can enter Akasha.

Charlotte De Gradias.

Demon Balie.

And Elyse, the ancient archdemon.

Eleris stared at the table.

"......."

Sarkegar is unaware that Eleris is an ancient Archdemon.

But even if you did, it wouldn't make a difference.

A hornless Archdemon cannot be the hope of the realm.

"Elise."

"......."

"Take responsibility for your ugly hypocrisy."

"......."

Sarkegar's words left Eleris speechless.

Valier, who has worked so hard to prevent the Gate from happening, will eventually see it happen as part of a ploy to save himself.

Like fate.

Chasing a gate event causes a gate event to occur.

If you do nothing, you'll be left with the dreaded regret that nothing would have happened.

Eleris ponders.

Should we run. From the council. From everything in the world.

Or, you can kill yourself.

But. what if it does.

After trying to save all humans, Valier dies at the hands of humans.

He dies, not understood by anyone, hated and hated by all those he loved.

His last descendant, with good intentions, dies before he can accomplish a good deed.

Due to your own mistakes.

In return for being drunk on clumsy compassion.

If Valier dies, and Akasha remains hidden and silent, the world will go on as Valier intended, without the Gate ever happening.

Is it still good.

And that's it.

Your hypocrisy kills your last descendant.

If we can save countless beings by allowing their descendants to die, is it right to do so?

But that it was right, that Bali would have wanted it, that countless beings could have lived because of it.

That was the definition.

Is that how you masturbate?

"Elise, are you going to drink in the same hypocrisy to the end and give me this bullshit about every being in the world having a reason to live? Yes, every being in the world has a reason to live, a reason to exist, but remember that the children of Darkland were all such beings."

Sarkeghar's words were wreaking havoc on Eleris' mind.

"Hehe....... The Lord of Peace, who hates and shuns killing so much....... that you should take on this role......."

Antirrhinus's laughter tickled my ears.

"What a....... What a sad fate....... Hehehe. Heh heh heh heh heh......."

While listening to the maniacal laughter of an old vampire who is enjoying this situation so much he can't help himself.

Elise remembers one afternoon, long ago.

As always, it was a lazy afternoon.

No customers, sprawled out on the counter in the boring afternoon sun.

One lazy afternoon, I was just killing time.

The store door opened, and a boy walked in.

A boy who looked vaguely familiar, carrying a fireball scroll.

A boy who somehow had a scroll of demons.

When he realized that the boy was his last descendant.

When I realized it was Valier Jr. the Prince of Demons, who I once tutored for a few days.

Eleris believed that there was some kind of destiny for her.

When the boy said he was going to save the world, that he knew the future.

He believed that his destiny would save the world from destruction, that it would lighten the weight of his sins and murders.

But.

That wasn't it.

Your destiny is your own.

That was the last thing he should have been doing.

He had accumulated so much killing and sin that the hypocrisy he had built up to avoid it had pushed him over the edge.

To repay by murder, by hypocrisy.

Eventually, you'll commit a sin that no one in the world can forgive.

Trying to save everyone.

Killing everyone.

That was his role.

"......."

Well, it was my destiny.





Episode 439.





Of the current Temple sophomores, only four know that Reinhardt is a demon.

Bertus, Charlotte, Ellen, and Harriet.

There's a strict code of silence, no one knows what's going on, and everyone just knows it's weird. The story hadn't spread yet.

However, everyone was puzzled that Reinhardt hadn't been seen for a few days.

When asked where Reinhardt had gone, neither Ellen nor Harriet could say.

How many days.

Ellen didn't go to any of the classes.

I just sat in my royal class dorm and did nothing.

Right now, Ellen was sitting in the corner of the rehearsal hall, leaning back in a daze.

You have become a Swordmaster.

Miraculously, the youngest Swordmaster in history emerged.

Ellen Artorius' name will go down in history.

"......."

But whatever.

Ellen sat dazedly in the far corner of the rehearsal hall, her head buried between her knees.

What you get is strength.

And the truth.

All we lost was Reinhardt, and only one.

But Ellen felt like she had lost everything.

When I heard Charlotte's story about searching for the demon's trail, I didn't expect to find it.

It was like grasping at straws.

But within two days, I was able to get to the bottom of it.

The truth she wanted to know became the worst truth of all, and it stared her in the face.

What was the point of all the time I'd spent with Reinhard, from the beginning to now?

Reinhardt wondered what the hell he was thinking.

My brother killed a demon.

He couldn't have liked his brother.

After they had gotten somewhat closer, Ellen confessed to Reinhard that she was the sister of Lagan Artorius.

What was Reinhardt thinking then?

Given the seemingly unsurprised reaction, perhaps Reinhardt knew it all along.

She thought about it, but Ellen didn't know the answer.

Ellen had been instrumental in tracking down the demon, so if she wanted to see Reinhardt, she would be able to.

However, when faced with Reinhardt, who was now certain to be a demon, he felt he could say nothing.

Reinhard's betrothal to Charlotte was not by choice or anything else, but to take control of the empire.

Herriot created the Magical Research Department to create items to strengthen his army.

Then I.

What was I.

What did Reinhardt want for himself?

If the goal was to create this sense of betrayal and hopelessness, Reinhardt succeeded.

The man I loved was actually the son of the devil who killed my brother.

The Devil's son knew that, but he approached him anyway.

Well, that was Reinhardt's idea of revenge.

I thought you liked me.

You'll like me, I thought.

In fact, I hated him more than anyone.

I hate her more than anyone, and I want to torment her to death because she's the sister of the man who killed my father.

For the betrayal, deprivation, and despair you'll feel one day.

Had he spent more time with her than anyone else and misled himself?

How much do you have to hate to do that.

He didn't think for a moment that Reinhardt hated him, and he didn't get any indication that he did.

The demon is dead, and Darkland is doomed.

A demon who has lost everything, who has seen his world destroyed, has even less reason to like himself, let alone his empire and humanity.

Reinhardt never liked himself from the beginning, not even once.

I think so.

I think so, but.......

"......."

I feel like I'm lying.

I have countless moments and hours of proof that Reinhardt likes me and wouldn't have done it otherwise.

I think Reinhardt liked me.

As much as you love Reinhardt, if not more.

I think Reinhardt liked himself, too.

The look on his face, the words we'd shared, the memories we'd shared, couldn't have been a lie. There was no way to disguise those feelings and words.

I think so.

The reality was that Reinhardt had more reasons to hate him than to love him.

"Black....... ugh......."

With her face buried between her knees, Ellen sobs.

Reinhard would hate humanity.

Reinhard would hate the Empire.

The warrior who struck the final blow in the collapse of Darklands.

You will hate Lagan Artorius.

So you will hate and loathe yourself, your own kinsman.

All the moments you've had, and still have, that feel too real to doubt, must be false because they are.

Reinhardt hates me.

So why didn't he kill himself?

I'm sure there were plenty of moments where I could have killed myself by getting too strong.

There are plenty of ways to handle this without having to use your own hands.

Why have you kept me alive this long.

Why have you been watching me all this time.

Maybe it was because he wanted to make them despair more than he wanted to kill them.

Because death is too easy and too convenient.

Not to die, but to feel what it's like to lose everything, to be betrayed by the one you love most.

No.

For a very long time, Ellen taught Reinhardt the sword in a serious way.

Reinhardt has worked hard on his own, but he credits Ellen with getting him to where he is today.

Ellen, she taught the demon himself how to use a sword.

You've been taken advantage of.

I didn't realize they were enemies, and I taught them hard.

Was it really him who was supposed to teach the sword?

I don't know.

Ellen can't know Reinhardt's heart or the Devil's mind.

"......."

But Ellen cries.

Because you caught the devil by the tail.

Just like your brother caught the devil.

You've captured a demon yourself.

You'll make a name for yourself as a warrior brother and sister, but you'll go down in history for it.

It's all over.

Because.

There was nothing Ellen could do but cry.

-Woof

A sudden sound made Ellen look up.

Without even calling it out, something floated in the air in front of Ellen.

"Ramen......t?"

Floating in front of me was a summoned moon sword that I hadn't even called for.

Ramen is summoned, but he doesn't look like his usual self.

The blade of the new sword, Ramen, with its eerie foreshadowing of the moon, was unusually alien.

Rament's blade was tinged with darkness.

No, it wasn't darkness.

Ellen could see twinkling lights shining in the blackness of the common laments.

It's not dark.

Like a slice of the night sky, Ramen's sword was projecting the night sky.

Night, or part of the void in space.

That's what was being projected onto Ramen's kenshin.

"What......?"

Ellen clutched at the ramen as it floated through the air.

The dull blackness was a clear projection of fading starlight, space, and galactic fragments.

The condition for laments is tears.

Soon, sadness.

Ramen responded to Ellen's sadness.

The true power of ramen, a relic of the moon god Mensis.

A shard of night, in the form of a sword.

Ellen stared blankly at the Void Sword Ramen.



* * *



Ellen and Charlotte were devastated, and neither of them showed up for Temple classes, too overwhelmed to even lick their wounds.

Bertus was trying to deal with the situation in his own way, trying to minimize the damage and gather any remaining clues of discord or doom.

The demon told him to kill himself.

But we don't know what the Demon's death will bring, and Akasha's whereabouts are unclear.

So Bertus was spending what seemed like an eternity with his hands tied, unable to use them.

Everything Reinhardt has done so far is reinterpreted under the premise that Reinhardt is the Devil.

I've gotten close to Ellen and Charlotte for revenge.

I used Ellen to hone my sword skills.

He wanted to use Charlotte to take over the empire.

The development of the Power Cartridge and Moonshine were intended to strengthen his army.

If so, the last.

"Dimensional magic research is....... What the hell was that......."

Bertus said as he sat Herriot down in front of him.

Herriot looked just as desperate.

Bertus was hanging out in the upper floors of the camp building where Reinhard was being held.

It was a dangerous place, but it was important, and that's why Bertus couldn't leave.

So Bertus was stationed here, being briefed on what was going on, and calling people in to tell him what he needed to know.

In the basement of this building is Reinhardt.

In the upper office, Herriot and Bertus sat across from each other.

There must be some misunderstanding, but it is clear that Reinhardt is a demon. His appearance has been altered by some sort of magic.

Reinhardt's own confession, as well as the look in Lykanslof's eyes and expression when he was captured, and the way he screamed whenever violence was inflicted on Reinhardt, were more than enough evidence.

Reinhardt is the devil.

Herriot can't deny it now.

So what was all that talk about protecting everyone?

Was it just a lie to keep things confusing until the very end?

Herriot, unsure of himself, answered all the questions Bertus had asked so far.

It was Herriot who said something about power cartridges and Moonshine's gun.

Bertus had asked about the work of the Ministry of Magic, and he felt he couldn't lie anymore.

Considering that much of Reinhardt's work has been part of the rebuilding of the Darklands and revenge against humanity, there's a lot to the story.

But dimensional magic research.

The dimensional magic research that Reinhardt was so strangely obsessed with is a mystery to me.

"It was a suggestion you made at the beginning because you wondered if there was another world?"

"......Yes."

Otherworldly.

It was just so out of left field.

But Herriot was intrigued, so he began to investigate, eventually gaining access to the Imperial Ministry of Magic's research archives.

This led me to research warp gates rather than otherworldly portals.

"What the hell was I going to do with this world?"

It's not just that it doesn't make sense, it's that it's too far-fetched for a demon to do.

Although he dismissed it as bullshit, Reinhardt had told Bertus about the gate situation.

Something called the Gate Crisis opens, and most of humanity dies.

I tried to stop it.

Of course, Bertus didn't believe it.

I searched the world for a way to stop the gate.

If that statement is false, what do you really want?

Is it really true that I forgot about Akasha?

And Dwin as a mage of Cantus Magna, whom Herriot had met at the Imperial Institute of Magic.

His whereabouts are unknown at this time, but it is now clear that he has ties to Akasha.

"I guess it comes down to that Akasha thing again......."

Dwin called Akasha an object that could become a god.

Reinhardt called it the instrument of creation.

If you can create a world with the tools of creation, it makes sense that you would be a god if you could create that world at will.

The Ancestor Demon Balie had created a world through Akasha and tried to migrate demons to it.

But Reinhardt had Akasha and didn't realize it until now.

I didn't know what was true and what was false.

However, the demon told him to kill Akasha before she could be used for destruction.

If you're going to give up your life so easily, what have you built up to this point?

"I....... I want to believe in Reinhardt......."

With her lips pursed, Harriet speaks in a desperate voice.

Even though she knew she shouldn't have said that, she covered her face with both hands, fuming.

I want to trust Rheinheit.

Bertus understood how Herriot felt.

How nice it would be if Reinhardt was actually just a nice guy.

But that's not possible.

"Saint-Thuan."

"ugh, ugh......."

"I hate to say this, but would you listen to me?"

"Yeah....... What do you mean?"

"I am your father....... I killed the Archduke of Saint-Thuan and pushed the entire Duchy of Saint-Thuan out of existence, killing and slaughtering the people who lived there, even taking them as slaves and selling them."

"......?"

Herriot froze at the sudden outburst.

Bertus taps his fingers on the table with a stern expression.

"And, here's a button."

"If you press this button, you can give me back what you've been given."

"The empire is destroyed, everyone in the imperial family dies, and everything in the empire is lost."

"You, are you confident that you won't push that button?"

At that, Harriet bit her lip.

Reinhard is a demon, and humanity has taken everything from him.

If you love to hate, and you have a device for realizing that hate through destruction, there's no reason why it shouldn't work.

It's impossible for a demon to love humanity.

It's not logical for the devil to want peace.

Reinhardt is the devil.

That's why it hates humanity.

So it's impossible to trust Reinhardt.

As Bertus said, Herriot thinks of it as his own case.

My father and his entire family were murdered, everyone in the duchy was killed, and the country was wiped out.

The last royalty of the country that did.

What would Herriot de Saint-Ouen do in such a situation?

They will go crazy with revenge.

I'm sure they'd do anything to pay you back.

In my case, I know I'm going to do that just by thinking about it.

That's what the devil did to mankind. It's no wonder he hates us.

So, if you want to believe Reinhardt, it's a foolish wish, out of context.

In front of Bertus' stern face, Herriot couldn't say anything about wanting to trust Reinhardt.

But.

Nevertheless.



"Bam.



Then.



'No matter what happens in the future....... just remember this one thing.......'



I heard in my dim consciousness.

Reinhardt's words.

Herriot still says it.

I wanted to believe it.



'I wanted to save everyone.......'



Reinhardt's words seemed to foreshadow a sad fate.

The desperation in those words.

Herriot wanted to believe.





Episode 440.





After Herriot returned, Bertus sat in his office, contemplating.

The demon looked like he'd rather die.

He said this could lead to bigger problems.

Why?

Wouldn't it be better to use Akasha to survive?

Why the devil.

Pretending to care about humanity.

It destroyed their world, killed their father, and if Valier truly died for that purpose, then Valier must hate humanity.

The Devil has no reason to care about the well-being of humanity.

There is nothing like that level of forgiveness and reconciliation in the world.

Balie's statement that he wants peace is therefore necessarily false.

In fact, it's entirely possible that everything you hear about Akasha is a lie.

To kill the devil or not to kill the devil.

Once Akasha is in the hands of the Devil's minions, and they attempt to use it to recapture the Devil, some unforeseen disaster is bound to occur.

Akasha is used by the Devil's minions to reclaim the Devil.

So, if you kill the Demon, will his minions, who have lost hope, not use Akasha?

It can't be.

If things go that way, Akasha will be used to avenge the dead demon.

In any case, Akasha is used.

There is only one way for Akasha not to be used, and that is to release the demon.

But what if an unleashed demon uses Akasha to destroy the world?

That's the worst possible ending for humanity.

If the stories about Akasha are true.

It's also true that I lost my memory and didn't know anything until now.

It's also true that we know the future.

And it's also true that there's this huge catastrophe with the gate thing or whatever.

Is it also true that the Devil was trying to stop it for the good of humanity?

It's too much to ask to believe such a lie.

The Devil has built up so many lies over the years that we can't trust anything he says in this situation.

Should the demon be killed, spared, or set free?

Bertus felt lost, at a crossroads where nothing could be the right answer.



* * *



Olivia Ranze has returned to the ecliptic.

It's been a long time coming, and we're just about to wrap up our investigation of the Demon Gods.

In the southern part of the continent, in the Gelkorgis Desert, a number of cities that had become so desertified that their inhabitants had abandoned them, were strongholds of the cult.

With a vast area of desert uncharted territory, it was only natural that the headquarters of the Demon Gods would be located in a place where ordinary people couldn't go.

Olivia's immense divine power was an identification card and a ticket in itself.

Olivia's original intention was to kill the Demon King that the cultists were following, should he ever show himself.

But the demigods knew nothing about the demon king. They had no real contact with the Demon, except to say that he represented the will of the gods.

Knowing that they were merely followers of the Demon Lord, they could only hope that the last attack on Raziern by the Demon Cultists was not the work of the Demon Lord.

Killing the demon directly was out of the question, so Olivia decided to do the next best thing.

A complete wipeout of the cultists, who may turn to the devil's side at any moment.

It was something she couldn't do alone, so Olivia returned to the ecliptic.

I was going to lead the main body of the Crusader Knights and wipe the desert of Gelkorgis clean.

This was a good time to do it, as the situation would be even more troublesome once the demon had made full contact with the cultists.

On her return to Huangdao, Olivia encountered something strange.

"Olivia Ranze, follow me for a moment."

Before Olivia could reach the Crusader headquarters, Imperial knights blocked her path.



* * *



Olivia was led into the Temple by the Knights, not by the Crusaders' headquarters.

I had come to the temple to catch a glimpse of Reinhardt's face, so it didn't change the fact that I had come to the right place, but it felt a little strange to be dragged there.

And Olivia felt a little weird.

Of course, it's the times they are a-changin', but the atmosphere inside the temple seemed overly rigid.

Most of the people coming and going were not students, and there were more armed troops than usual.

The knights and wizards escorting Olivia didn't look like anything out of the ordinary, either.

Inside the temple, in a counseling room in the General Headquarters.

I couldn't help but feel like I'd been dragged into an interrogation room, and soon someone entered.

A knight of Shanapelle, whom I had seen during the raid on Rizaira. Scotra Kelton sat down in front of Olivia.

"I told him not to use coercive means, but I'm not sure how that went."

Olivia stared at the stern-faced, middle-aged driver.

"It wasn't coercive, but....... What? Did I do something wrong?"

The strange atmosphere made Olivia blunt.

Now that you've pinpointed the location of the cultists, you've done no wrong and have done the Empire a great favor. Of course, we haven't seen it yet.

At Olivia's words, Scotra Kelton shook her head.

"No, that's not true at all, we trust her, but due to some important facts that have recently come to light, she needs a lot of attention and care."

"Important facts?"

"......."

Scotra Kelton stares at Olivia for a moment.

Like you're pondering something deeply.

"Ms. Olivia, would you like to summon Tiamata?"

"......?"

As if she could do anything, Olivia summoned Tiamata and set her down on the table.

"You are sharing Tiamata with Mr. Reinhardt, is that true?"

Scotra Kelton saw Olivia holding and wielding a tiara that should have belonged to Reinhardt during the Lizaira incident.

"Yeah, you saw that."

Olivia narrowed her eyes, as if to ask why she should know. Scotra Kelton nodded stiffly at Olivia's reaction, which was slowly becoming more than a little irritated.

"Mr. Reinhardt turns out to be a demon."

"Is that ......?"

Olivia couldn't help but panic as she suddenly heard something that didn't make sense.

What did I just hear?

Even when I thought about it word by word, I couldn't figure out what I had just heard.

But Scotra Kelton didn't elaborate.

"Therefore, Miss Olivia, who is soul-bound to the devil, must be judged as a person of interest."

"No, I'm asking you what you're talking about!"

"Ms. Olivia, I believe you are innocent, but....... I am recommending that you stay here at the General Headquarters until the situation has calmed down."

"What......?"

"Please, Ms. Olivia....... We don't want to do this either."

Scotra Kelton left the consultation room.

Olivia froze, unsure of what the hell was going on.



* * *



Olivia soon left the counseling room and was led by the knights to one of the staff quarters in the General Headquarters.

It was like a horse's imprisonment. It wasn't just Olivia who lived in the quarters, but Shanapelle's knights as well.

It was clear they were watching in real time.

"What, I'm not supposed to know what's what, I'm supposed to know the context, and what am I supposed to do if you just throw out Reinhardt as the devil?"

It's not Scotra Kelton who's being kept under guard, but a member of the Knights of Shanapelle, the Empire's most powerful knightly order.

So it was clear that there had to be someone who could take out Olivia in a pinch, and it wouldn't be just one person.

The Knight of Shanapelle stares at Olivia with a stern expression.

"Quite literally, Olivia. Reinhardt, the holder of Alsbringer and Tiamata, was a demon who infiltrated the Temple, which was recently discovered and is currently imprisoned within the Temple, and discussions are currently underway to determine his treatment."

It was a longer explanation than Scotra Kelton's, but Olivia still couldn't make sense of it.

"And in light of the fact that Miss Olivia was rescued by demonic forces during the last death of Leviathan Lance, but has kept that fact a secret until now, and that you are sharing Tiamata with a demon, albeit of your own volition, the Empire has deemed it necessary to keep an eye on her."

"......."

"Miss Olivia, if you can just behave yourself for a few days, everything will be fine."

After all, it's possible that Olivia isn't the Devil's Kinnapool, but the Empire wants to keep her under surveillance because of the possibility.

Until the demon's disposition is determined.

Olivia swallowed hard.

Something.

It was clear that something very strange was going on, and most of it didn't even make sense to Olivia.

But one sentence stuck in my head.

Reinhardt was the devil.

So you're bound to be suspicious of yourself sharing a tiara with a demon.

Also, that he was present at the time of the murder of Levi Lance, but has kept it a secret until now.

That's why they're suspected of being in cahoots with the devil.

Olivia could only guess at how she got there.

"Reinhardt is....... Demon......?"

The single truth.

Once she accepts that, all the scattered puzzles that have been complicating Olivia's life come together.

That day, Olivia couldn't understand the demon's behavior, and it bothered her.

Why it saved me.

He was going to kill Leviathan, but he saved himself, an outsider. Why?

Why would raiding a nameless order do anything but good for the empire?

Olivia has been confused all this time because she doesn't know the demon's true intentions.

But Reinhardt was the devil.

If so, everything makes sense.

To protect yourself.

There was no other reason than that.

Somehow, Reinhardt knew Olivia was in danger, which is why he led his forces to attack Leverier Ranze.

The nameless order meant nothing to him, nor did Levereer Ranch itself.

It was a story where Olivia and Adriana were in danger and I only saved them because they were in danger.

The final piece of the puzzle was put together.

Demon and Reinhardt.

If they were the same, I could understand and accept the whole situation.

If the attack on Raziern by the Demonists was the work of the Devil, then the Devil must be evil, or so I thought.

But Olivia now realizes that the Satanists don't actually have much to do with the Devil.

Not selected.

Reinhardt won't look at me.

Always looking elsewhere.

I tell you how much I care about you, but you always turn me away.

That sucks.

That's what I was thinking.

It wasn't.

Reinhardt has already saved himself by taking a very big risk.

It was the same the first time, and it was the same this time.

Reinhardt redeemed himself twice.

"......."

What was it about you that said I'd do anything for you, even when you weren't looking at me.

I'm on your side, even if you don't choose me.

Unbeknownst to her, Reinhardt had already saved her. Risking his life, he mobilized a small force to take on the elite Paladins.

I even risked being found out.

While she verbally vowed to save Reinhardt, he actually saved Olivia, and hasn't been the least bit shy about it since.

On that subject, I was getting a little nervous.

I've been cringing at the subject.

On that subject, I whined about not being seen.

Olivia stood frozen, her mouth agape.

What a shame.

How ridiculous.

How I felt bad for myself every time I grumbled.

I would have been devastated because I wouldn't have been able to reveal the truth.

When Olivia realizes what Reinhardt has sacrificed for her, she realizes that Reinhardt is the devil and that it's probably a good thing.

If anything, it hardened Olivia's heart as the incomprehensible began to make sense.

What he said then.

From there, one part is now untenable.

Because Reinhardt was the devil.

The devil can't hurt Reinhardt.

No matter what.

Even if the world is upside down.

Even if the world is trying to hurt you.

No matter what.

I decided to keep Reinhardt.

The world wants to kill Reinhardt, the devil.

"......."

Therefore, Olivia must protect him. Olivia stares at the silent knight of Shanapelle.

She was staring at Olivia.

The Empire is suspicious of Olivia. She might be on the Devil's side.

Not until now.

Olivia is neither human nor demonic, but only Reinhardt's side.

Reinhardt is trapped somewhere in the temple.

We don't know why, but the Empire isn't going to kill him right away.

A few days of grace.

But for now, Olivia can't get away from Knight Chanapelle and the watchful eyes that have been placed on her.

So they can't break through Reinhardt's cage, which is sure to be more heavily guarded.

It will be a dog's death.

I could risk my life for Reinhardt, but I didn't want to take the chance that neither he nor I would die.

You have to put your life on the line for something that has even the slightest chance of working.

You can't save Reinhardt alone.

If so, you're not alone.

Reinhardt.

Just make sure you're not alone.

"Summon the Crusader Captain."

"......Yes?"

At Olivia's words, Knight Shanapelle of the Watchtower shook his head.

"As the Champion of Tuan and the one responsible for the future of the Five Great Houses, I must report this matter to the Houses and talk to them about their response and position on this situation... now."

"Miss Olivia, what are you talking about......."

"You are not detaining a Temple student. You're exerting political pressure on the Champion of Tuan, who represents the will of the High Priestess."

"What are you talking about, Miss Olivia. This is....... problem, isn't it?"

"He's the chosen champion of Als and Tuan, and we're going to have to do some doctrinal interpretation and inquisition about that, and we're going to have to get all the great houses of worship together to talk about whether there's any sense in the gods choosing him, or whether there's some nefarious machinations involved."

Olivia wants to politicize this work.

It's not about humanity vs. demons.

It's a matter of gods and men.

"You can silence me, but you'll have to bear in mind that keeping me here will cause a great deal of discord between the Empire and the Church of the Lord later on."

If you do not allow me to report this to the Church, you may have to go to war with us in the future.

"So get me a crusader, before I try to get out of here on my own two feet."

that I will make it so.

Olivia was saying it with her eyes.

"And I can't take on all of you. If you think you can't get away with anything......."

Olivia stares out the window, a sour look on her face.

"That's a big miscalculation."

Olivia smiles grimly and looks at the fading knight of Charnapelle.

In her confinement, Olivia was threatening her opponent in reverse.





 441





"Holy shit....... Fucking asshole......."

Bertus gritted his teeth when he heard Olivia Ranze's story.

Reinhardt didn't tell the world that he was a demon, because it would have turned into a religious issue.

It was dangerous to leave Olivia alone when she might be the devil's pawn.

So it was best to keep Olivia under observation for now.

However, when Olivia Ranze found out the truth, she began her shenanigans.

"You're not even hiding your intentions to side with the devil."

First and foremost, Olivia's willingness to bide her time was too obvious when she started talking about the Inquisition and discussions.

It was clear that I was not going to stay ambiguous, but I was going to defend the devil.

Olivia Ranze has chosen to become an enemy of the Empire, if not of humanity.

"Kill?"

Bertus gritted his teeth at Scotra Kelton's report.

"I can kill it, but it's in the middle of the temple, and it's going to be impossible to do it without a fuss, and it's going to be a mess."

The General Headquarters is one of the centers of the Temple.

From there, a fight breaks out between Olivia Ranze and the knights of Chanapelle who are trying to kill her, and an unspecified number of people can't help but notice.

Olivia Ranze is even harder to kill than the Devil at this point.

The Crusader Knights and the Grand Master would be held accountable for the Empire's murder of Tuan's champion, and would be bitterly resented by the majority of Grand Master adherents.

It's too long to say that she actually sided with the devil and had to be killed.

People will only accept the simple truth: 'The Empire killed the Champion of Tuan.

Olivia Ranze knows the political and religious significance of her life.

Killing me will bring about a conflict between the Empire and the Cult of the Lord long before the death of the Demon King.

And the devil has not one, but two holy relics.

So it's a matter of religion before it's a matter of empire. So you can't keep the disposition of the devil to yourselves.

The Five Great Houses have far too much incentive to get involved in this case.

If left alone, Olivia will escape the Temple on her own and make her way to the Crusaders.

Then, Olivia Ranze will lead a large group of paladins to knock on the Temple's door. Let's discuss the treatment of the demon.

It's up to us to decide whether to kill the demon or save it.

Killing demons is no fun, and Olivia Ranze will threaten the Empire.

The real big accidents happen to honest assholes, Bertus had once told Reinhardt in his own words.

That's what I said when evaluating Olivia Ranze.

Crazy asshole trying to scream at whales to stop killing demons in front of humans.

Olivia Ranze.

It's just an excuse to say you're a great teacher.

This asshole is not on the Church's side, only the Devil's. He doesn't even try to hide it.

The logic should be clear.

Not one, but two holy relics.

If two of the five gods chose the Demon, then the Demon must be right. Instead of hating each other, let us all find a way to live together, and we will create bullshit with no hypocrisy, only the intention of saving the demon.

"Really....... I'm going to die......."

You can't kill it, you can't not kill it.

When the Empire begins to meddle in matters that they've tried to keep to themselves, the situation spirals out of control.

First and foremost, Olivia Ranze wants to make sure the Demon King doesn't die.

This would cause great confusion among the populace, so they would try to spread rumors among the civilian population that Reinhardt, a known warrior, was a demon.

Bertus felt like he was watching a dragon struggle to wreak havoc on an empire.

"Call Elion Bolton at....... for me."

"......May I?"

"What the hell. I'd rather see the Empire split in two by killing Olivia Lance, than have the Demon King's list grow a little longer. No, I'd rather have her alive to wage war against the demons, a thousand times better, because then the empire will be stronger, not weaker."

I'm getting tired.

For days, Bertus felt like he was being pushed to the limits of his mental capacity.



* * *



Elayon Bolton has entered the Temple with an entourage due to Olivia Ranze's troubles.

Olivia Ranze is about to reveal information that should be strictly confidential, information that would wreak havoc on the world if it became public.

There is a demon who has been chosen by a holy object.

Humans.

What do you think about that?

Olivia was about to summon the leader of the Crusader Knights to speak with her when Elayon Bolton arrived.

"What's going on, Olivia?"

"Let's get out of here."

Now that she had someone to take her out, Olivia had no intention of staying locked up any longer.

"Miss Olivia! No!"

Shanapelle's knight, who had been watching Olivia, stood in her way.

"You need to stay here to talk. You can't leave."

With the Shanapelle knights refusing to give way, the Crusader leader and his entourage realized something was amiss.

The Crusaders knew something was going on in the Temple, but they had no idea what it was.

"Who are you to tell me what to do?"

Olivia smiled wickedly as she stepped in front of the knight.

"The Empire is not responsible for my welfare, the Crusaders and the Great Houses are. Templars? Fuck that. The Empire has no authority to dictate where I go or where I come."

"......."

"Blocking my path will be seen as a challenge to the Crusader Order and an act of anti-religion against the will of the Five Great Houses and their members across the continent."

Olivia says calmly.

"Get out of my way. Where the fuck are you standing in the way of a champion?"

I wasn't alone, the leader of the Crusaders was with me.

It's not Olivia's personal power, it's her symbolism and political standing.

As such, Chanapelle had no choice but to pave the way.

Every knight in Shanapelle watched in horror as Olivia Ranze walked out with a bomb that would shake the entire continent.



* * *



Olivia Ranze explained the situation to Crusader Knight Commander Elayon Bolton.

Originally, he only had Alsbringer, but Reinhardt communicated that he was sharing Tiamata with Olivia.

Reinhardt with two picks for the Holy Grail.

And that Reinhardt is the devil.

So, we need to convene the papal hierarchy of the Five Great Patriarchs for an emergency meeting. A doctrinal conference, an inquisition, whatever.

Elion Bolton was understandably alarmed.

That should have been enough of a message.

I've left it to Elion Bolton to take care of things for the Order.

The idea of a demon being the owner of a holy object would be a huge shock to the entire Shinto community.

Priests and paladins will also be divided on this issue.

That's why Olivia started acting before the decision was made.

That was easy for Olivia.

In the main building of the Crusaders, he held a makeshift sermon that drew priests and worshippers.

It was a sermon from a champion of Tuan, so it was bound to be well attended.

Olivia didn't say much.

"The gods are always right. Right?"

At Olivia's blunt words, many in the room nodded.

"The gods arrange and plan everything, don't they?"

"So the gods' choice cannot be wrong, cannot be denied, and the grace they bestow upon us is in itself proof that they are right and a sign that they love us."

"It is clear, then, that beings favored by the gods are worthy of love, and that their existence should be affirmed. Just as we are the chosen ones, loved by the gods."

"The most powerful of such graces and proofs."

"Holy Grail."

Olivia summoned Tiamata in her right hand and held it high.

-Ooooo.......

The subtle holy light flowing from Tiamata overwhelmed some who gazed upon it, moved others, and touched others with the grace of knowing it.

"As the chosen one of these holy objects, I dare say I represent the will of the gods to some degree."

"Ladies and gentlemen, the demon that has caused such a stir is now being held in the Temple."

-Oh!

The words caused a very loud rumble in the hall. At a time when the name of the Demon King was feared by all, the news that he had been captured was enough to fill everyone with awe, admiration, and relief.

"Reinhardt, the new warrior, whom you may have heard of."

Olivia smiles.

"They say that the warrior, chosen by the war god Als, is actually a demon who has infiltrated the human world."

No wonder the admiration in the room turned to disbelief. Seeing everyone's stunned silence, Olivia continues.

"We don't know all the details yet. But the point is, even if he is a demon disguised as a warrior, it doesn't change the fact that he was chosen by Alsbringer."

The sudden onslaught of information was so overwhelming that the listeners of the sermon were dazed.

But it definitely sticks in your head.

A demon has infiltrated Inseo.

With the name Reinhardt.

And he was chosen by Als.

"Of course, it's also possible that the Devil has done some nefarious trick to earn Alsbringer's favor."

Evil tricks.

People who were confused by the all-encompassing word have regained some semblance of sanity.

It's also something Olivia shouldn't say when she's trying to save Rheinheit.

But that's the point.

"As to whether the Demon King was truly chosen by Als, the Crusader Knights and the Order of the Five Great Houses have a duty to prove it."

"Right now, the Demon King's recruits are in the hands of the Empire."

"But that's our problem."

"The duty and right to discuss and conclude that the Demon has been chosen by the gods and to determine his treatment rests with us, not the Empire."

"It is we, not the Empire, who must decide whether the Devil has been chosen by the holy relic, or whether, through dirty tricks, he has intercepted a sacred relic that should belong to someone else."

"From now on, I will be traveling to the temple to receive the Devil's recruits."

"I believe that it is my divinely ordained duty to determine whether the devil has been denied or pacified."

"In the name of the Great Lord."

"In the name of Tuan, god of purity."

"I, in the name of God, will judge whether he is virtuous or not."

A political maneuver to get the Devil's recruits delivered.

Olivia Ranze is starting to make a big splash.

An unspecified number of people take the seeds of chaos.

These will now germinate everywhere and wreak havoc.



* * *



Olivia didn't just assert that the demon must be right because it was chosen by a holy object.

Such extreme claims are bound to provoke a moderate backlash.

It is true that the devil has been chosen by the relic. Therefore, there must be a discussion to determine whether it is right or wrong, and we must be the ones to lead that discussion.

Olivia's comment about making it our problem because it's our problem seemed like the right thing to do.

The congregation was confused, but Olivia prioritized action.

Olivia Ranze, who left the temple, returned about five hours later.

She wasn't alone.

She was accompanied by two hundred paladins, some of the finest of the Crusader Order.

The paladins were also in a bad mood.

The paladins were initially shocked that the demon had chosen the holy object, but they were also angry that the Empire had tried to do this in secret.

The paladins all agreed with Olivia Ranze that we should be the ones to judge the demon's recruits.

In front of the guards and shanafels blocking the Temple's entrance, Olivia stepped to the front of the group.

"You are fulfilling a sacred duty. Make way."

"The Temple is Imperial property, not a place where the Crusaders can drop in and out as they please."

"The gods created this continent, and all the land is in their favor. Since all lands belong to the Great Lords, there is no land that we, the enforcers of their commands, cannot go to."

Olivia spoke like liquid gold, as if she'd never decided to betray the gods.

"You are interfering in a religious matter of great importance to the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses. Step aside, and we will discuss the disposition of the Demon King."

"I keep telling you, you can't come in."

"I'll take that to mean it's okay to use force."

-Thwack!

Olivia menacingly drew the tiamaata she had purposely kept in her scabbard.

The paladins looked nervous as Olivia drew her sword, and they drew theirs cautiously.

The paladins were also nervous about Olivia's behavior.

Tuan's champion, Olivia Ranze, is crossing the line.

Combine that with the Temple's forces, and things could spiral out of control. Whether Olivia's actions are right or wrong, she's officially brought the Great Patriarchate and the Empire into conflict.

The stabbing at the entrance to this temple may even be remembered as the start of a religious war.

That's why the Temple's guards, and even the paladins who followed her, were weary of Olivia Lance's honest madness.

Because no one thought she would go this far.

"Champion. For more information, visit......."

As such, one of the paladins who followed Olivia gulped and almost tried to discourage her.

"Now, are you doubting my meaning?"

To go against my will is to go against Tuan's will.

Even if I were a fellow Crusader, do you think I wouldn't have my head blown off against my will, Olivia asked, her eyes telling me so.

Olivia Ranze was now showing the Champion of the Gods just how crazy she could get, and the logic she could use to turn things around.

The Great Unwashed.

Holy Grail.

Congregational turmoil and religious wars.

Give it to me.

They're just pretending to be.

This could lead to a religious war that would tear the Empire apart, or it could be the beginning of a great war and carnage that would shake the entire continent.

Olivia doesn't know any of that.

The world.

Humanity or whatever.

Whether you're screwed or not is none of Olivia's business.

Olivia Ranze tries to save Reinhardt.

So, he'll get rid of what's in his way.

Even if it's God himself.

"Get out of the way, if you don't want to go to war."

Olivia's murderous words caused the guards and the paladins who followed her to hold their breath.

Honest insanity.

The worst thing it could show was about to happen, and it was happening now.





Episode 442.





It's been said that we don't avoid things because they're scary, we avoid them because they're dirty.

But Olivia Ranze was dirty and scary.

If you want to make war, stop it, and you point a knife at Olivia Ranze as she pushes in, that's when war happens.

No one wanted to start a war that could tear the continent in two. Except Olivia Ranze.

Eventually, Olivia led the Crusaders beyond the Temple gates and in front of the makeshift camp building where Reinhardt was being held.

The knights and mages of Shanapelle encamped there, as well as the Temple's forces, made sure Olivia couldn't get any closer than that.

The Empire shouldn't have told Olivia anything.

Keeping an eye on Olivia was the best thing that could have happened in that situation, but now it was the worst thing that could have happened, and it was leading back to the Empire.

Olivia, who had led the paladins, stood at the head of the line, looking at Bertus, who had blocked her way.

Behind Bertus are Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages.

Behind Olivia were the paladins of the Crusade.

"Get out of the way."

"I don't think so, sir."

Bertus, now on the verge of crossing the threshold between irritation and anger, stared at Olivia.

"We're the ones with the power over the devil. Hand it over."

Olivia demanded, and Bertus gritted his teeth.

The asshole is out of control.

You don't need to be convinced that your actions will cause continents to split and humanity to self-destruct.

On the outside, they'll give you a reason, but on the inside, you're probably thinking, "So what?

"The Empire is the voice of humanity, so it is only right that the Imperial House decides what to do with the enemy of humanity, the Demon King."

Olivia smirked at Bertus' comment.

"Humans are creatures of the gods. The Empire may have the right to speak for humanity, but doesn't it stand to reason that the Crusader Knights and the Great Houses of the Gods, who represent the will of the gods, should have one level of authority above yours? The collective will of humanity. Yes, speak up."

Olivia's jaw drops.

"I represent the will of God."

Since the creator of mankind is the gods, the will of the gods is higher than the will of man. The will of the gods is more right. And as Tuan's chosen champion, I represent the will of the gods.

What is against me is against God.

Olivia was honestly pushing the terrible logic of what happens when a champion of the gods uses his authority violently.

As Elise once said to Reinhardt.

Relics are powerful objects in their own right, but their political utility is greater.

Olivia Ranze was doing exactly that.

Faced with Olivia's attitude, Bertus, as well as the knights and wizards of the Empire, are fed up.

How is this different from insanity.

Is it really okay for a god-chosen champion to be so unrestrained?

I don't know why anyone would be chosen by God to commit this level of abuse.

Those who are not close to God begin to doubt His intentions.

But the paladins, equally fed up, begin to think differently about Olivia's behavior and speech at that level.

Paladins are close to the gods.

God is right.

So the champions, the masters of the gods' chosen relics, are right the second time around.

For Olivia Ranze, Tuan's chosen one, to act in this way means that the situation is such that the gods have to show their will in such a drastic way.

The champion engages in behavior that is violent, unruly, and seems to have gone a bit insane.

It's not because the champion is crazy.

Because that's what God wants us to do.

The world is in God's hands.

Champions represent the will of the gods.

So Olivia's rant is the more radical it is, the more blind it is, the more unruly it is.

The conclusion is that God wants extreme behavior.

For those who are not close to the gods, he is a champion of madness.

But the more the paladins see of Olivia's tyrannical behavior, the more they realize that the more extreme it is, the more it is supported by God.

So, for a moment, the mood of the paladins was one of fear that a continent-wide war might break out.

Realizing that I have no choice but to support Olivia Ranze's actions, which can only be an absolute good, and recognizing that it is the will of God.

Gradually, the look in his eyes begins to strengthen.

Faith, and faith alone.

It leads to conclusions and behaviors that differ from the universal.

"We are right about the Demon King's recruits. Is there anyone in the Empire who can deny this?"

As Olivia continues to speak, the paladins become increasingly vicious.

We're right because we have champions.

If you die on the spot, if it leads to war, it's God's will.

If you die here, you will die very close to the will of God.

What an honor.

"The Empire has identified and secured the Demon's identity. The Crusaders are now trying to steal the Empire's thunder."

Olivia shakes her head at Bertus's words.

"Yes, thank you for doing a difficult job. The High Priestess will give the Empire the tribute it deserves for your efforts, and may the gods bless you."

It's a clich, but in the name of God, it's all true.

Even if you are told to see white as black, if it is the word of God, you must do it.

The eye that can't do that becomes the wrong eye.

Why do thine eyes see white, when thou hast seen black?

It's only God who can say that.

Champions are their advocates.

"A favor is a favor, a duty is a duty. I am here to fulfill a duty, not a right, and that duty is to determine if the Demon King is indeed a virtuous being or not."

Bertus gritted his teeth.

There's a lot that can be said.

You share Tiamata with the Devil, and you are doing this to protect him.

Are you not already pure when you share a soul with a demon?

You were once saved by a demon.

You are an enemy of mankind.

But all of those words are set up to create a huge conflict.

To say that the Champion of Tuan is not virtuous is already a major blasphemy.

To doubt Olivia Ranze's intentions is to doubt God's.

Sure, the empire is strong.

So, it's okay to doubt God's will.

Because even if God is an absolute proposition, if you say you disagree with it, that's it.

It could be argued that the gods are transcendent and lend their power to the world, but that they do not give those who wield that power the right to represent their absolute will.

No matter how powerful the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses may be, it is within the Empire's power to push them aside if it chooses.

However, religion is an anchor in its own right, and if the Empire tears it apart, it has already lost the grand idea of embracing all of humanity.

The Empire can wipe out the Five Great Houses and the Crusader Knights, but then the Empire collapses.

The Empire was founded under the banner of uniting many races, many cultures, and many beliefs against the demons.

When such an empire tries to cannibalize large groups of people, it inevitably leads to a situation where the empire loses its legitimacy.

Bertus has a lot to think about.

There's a lot to keep in mind.

Empire, Imperium, Humanity.

Say and do things to defend things that are too big to be true.

But Olivia only wants one thing.

Reinhardt.

That's why he doesn't care about the aftermath, he just wants to save Reinhardt now.

"I said get out of the way."

Olivia took a step, and the paladins behind her took a step, too, with an imposing momentum.

Shanapelle, the Imperial Mages, and Bertus did not back down.

However, if it continues, it will crash.

It was a close call.

If you give Olivia a demon instead of a war, the consequences are obvious.

Olivia will use the logic that since the Demon King has been chosen by the Sacred Object, the High Priestess should support him.

There's no telling where this path will lead.

War is always the worst option. It's even worse when it's between humans.

This is the moment to stop.

We need to stop this lunatic in his tracks.

"Why don't you have a little chat with the devil?"

"......what?"

"You know full well that the demand to hand over a recruit is outrageous, and we have no intention of denying the Crusaders their cause."

First, we need to put the brakes on this impending collision somehow.

One wrong word, one wrong deed, and you could start a war.

Bait the hook.

"Let's talk to the devil for a minute, and then we'll talk about it when he's a little calmer."

"......."

Olivia stares at Bertus.

Olivia doesn't realize that war is the worst option.

And Olivia didn't think it would be possible to hand over a recruit right now.

Olivia is here to practically deliver a warning that if you decide what to do with the Demon, you're in for a world of trouble.

The idea was to make the Empire hesitate to execute Reinhardt right now.

And in the long run, I was going to think of other ways to save Reinhardt.

I'll take you to see Reinhardt.

So back off.

"Good."

Olivia accepted the offer.

"Let me walk you through it."

Naturally, not all of the paladins could go in, so only Olivia, the representative, could go inside.

Not wanting to take it too far, Olivia was led by the Chanapelle knights into the camp.

First, we stalled.

Seeing that Olivia had moved away, Bertus approached one of the knights.

Olivia's rationale.

Relics.

A being that cannot be denied because it has chosen to be.

Demon and Olivia Ranze.

And one more thing.

A person whose very existence is a cause.

Someone who's just as good as Olivia Ranze, if not better.

"Get me Ellen Artorius, now."

You need Ellen Artorius.



* * *



A makeshift dungeon.

Olivia was led by Shanapelle's knights down to the dungeon where Reinhard was imprisoned.

Upon arrival, I could only think of one thing.

"It's impossible to get them out by force.

Outside forces are one thing, but inside the dungeons are those who have crossed even the boundaries of superhumanity.

There was a resident Grandmaster, Saviolin Tana, and a number of Swordmasters, not to mention a number of Archmages, to prepare for any eventuality.

Saviolin Tana, a key manager, hadn't even worked a shift and was practically living here.

"I was wondering what the fuss was about. ......."

Seeing Olivia's stern expression, Savior Tana bit her lip.

"I have the emperor's permission."

Tana narrowed her eyes and moved out of the way, as if she'd gotten the gist of the situation.

Suddenly, Olivia could see Reinhardt hanging in chains.

He was gagged and his eyes were untied.

With her fists balled, Olivia approached Reinhardt and knelt in front of him.

To Reinhardt, who had watched over her for so long, protected her, and now left her in this miserable state.

To your own demon.

Olivia used her divine powers to heal Reinhardt, who was in full bloom.

"Reinhardt......."

Olivia was in tears as she treated Reinhardt.

The unfocused eyes shifted, finally meeting Olivia's. The cloudy eyes still hadn't returned, but they did recognize Olivia.

"I have a sister....... You have a sister......."

"......."

"By all means, by all means....... for you."

With that, Olivia gently nuzzled Reinhardt's bound neck.

After a brief embrace, Olivia brought her hand to the gag in Reinhardt's mouth.

-Thwack!

"I passed it down for a reason. Don't touch it."

Saviolin Tana held her sword to Olivia's throat.

"If you're going to kill me, kill me."

I'd rather die than not even be able to talk to Reinhardt after this mess.

Olivia untied Reinhardt's gag, not caring that Saviolin Tana's sword was at the nape of her neck.

-Took

Reinhardt was still haggard and unfocused in his eyes, though Olivia had restored him to health.

Saviolin Tana, unable to cut Olivia in the end.

"Reinhard, you didn't do anything wrong, did you? You didn't....... You didn't do anything wrong. We're going to have a meeting of the Five Great Houses to prove that you weren't bad at all, so......."

"My sister......."

Reinhard calls out to Olivia in a cracked voice.

It's the first time Reinhardt has ever called her that, and Olivia watches him with wide eyes.

"Don't......."

"......?"

"Don't do that....... Don't do that......."

Raising his head with difficulty, Reinhardt speaks, his eyes unfocused.

"My sister....... And then she died......."

That said.

You know, like, don't do anything dangerous because you're worried about yourself.

"I managed to keep him alive, but....... You did something dubious....... Don't die......."

That said.

"It's a waste....... How....... I saved your life......."

"ugh......."

Olivia eventually burst into tears.

Even in her near-dazed state, she couldn't stand the sound of Reinhardt worrying about Olivia, not himself.

"Do you think this....... You think you're evil demons?"

Through her tears, Olivia looks at Savior Tana, who holds a sword to her throat.

"Do you really think Reinhardt is....... is evil?"

"Even if the only person who cares about me in this situation is the devil....... It can't be evil....... It can't be true......."

"I'm sure Reinhardt had his reasons......."

"Everything Reinhardt has done, he's done for a reason. Maybe he's done it for a reason....... You have to tell the story....... for once......."

"Why."

"Why it had to be done."

"You can at least listen to it......."

"Just because he's a demon, just because he's suspicious, just because he's tied up like a beast, even gagged, and this is....... Right? This is outside the will of the gods....... All of that aside......."

"That's so cruel......."

The tip of Savior Tana's sword wobbled as she pointed it at Olivia.

The devil is.

Is it really evil.

A being telling me not to try to save Olivia because she might be in danger.

How evil can it be.

Could this be a lie?

"Beyond suspicion, beyond circumstance, beyond all that. What the hell did Reinhardt do, what the hell did he do, what the hell did he do......."

The demon's first raid was to rescue demonic captives who were being sold into slavery.

The devil could.

He raided the Crusaders to rescue Olivia Ranze, who was close to him.

Reinhardt was able to.

The final assault was the Empire's own doing.

The devil didn't do it.

It was what Saviolin Tana did at the behest of the Empire.

The Devil is.......

Is it evil?

Saviolin Tana looked at Olivia Ranze and Reinhardt, bit her lip, and sheathed her sword.

What the truth is.

What's true and what's false.

I was dying to know, and so was she.

As much as I'd like to believe Reinhardt wasn't bad, neither was anyone else.

But let's say the demon doesn't hate humanity.

"Why?

There are only reasons to hate it, so why bother.

Because they can't understand that part, they feel betrayed by the devil.

However.

"Reinhardt's words a little....... Even a little....... Listen to me....... Please....... Believe me....... Believe Reinhardt......."

Only Olivia Rancherman, who has nothing but blind trust and love for the Devil.

Olivia Lancemann, whose help has been crucial time and time again.

Let's trust Reinhardt in this situation, I pleaded.





Episode 443.





In the end, Olivia accomplished her goal.

The Empire has created a situation where they cannot dispose of Reinhardt on their own.

But Reinhardt's recruits were not to be handed over to the Crusaders. Bertus knew what Olivia's true purpose was.

Olivia will do everything she can to change Reinhardt's ways. Since she cannot do it by force, she will use her political power.

Reinhardt didn't have the energy to speak, so Olivia fed him water and porridge.

Only after crying and begging Reinhardt to eat, when he didn't seem to want to, did he take a small bite of Olivia's food.

All that spectacle.

Saviolin Tana watched in silence.

"I'll be back."

Olivia stood up and looked down at Reinhardt sympathetically.

I can't look away, but I can't stay in this position forever. It was in Reinhard's best interest to be busy, not in front of him, but where he couldn't see.

With that, Olivia pushed past Saviolin Tana and made her way through the corridors of the dungeon.

Tana stared at Reinhardt.

Really.

Does the devil have nothing to do with evil?



* * *



When Olivia Ranze returned to the group waiting on the ground, she could see that there was an extra person there.



Somehow, I always felt blind before.

A dark-haired girl who now looks like she has no veins.

Ellen Artorius stood at Bertus's side.

You don't know why you're here, you just came because you were told to come.

He was an empty man, seemingly without thought or will.

What it looks like.

Somehow, it was like Reinhardt in the dungeon.

Just as Reinhardt seemed to have given up on everything in despair.

Ellen Artorius, too, seemed to have given up on everything, feeling betrayed.

Olivia looked over at Bertus, who had pulled Ellen aside, and smiled wryly.

"Oh, I see what you're thinking."

He's threatened by a holy object, so he brings in a warrior with another holy object.

To resist Olivia's tirade, we need a better reason.

Olivia is the champion of Tuan, chosen by Tiamata.

But Ellen is the sister of Lagan Artorius.

Not only does he have the support of the Order of Mensis, but he is also the brother of Lagan Artorius, so he has the support of the majority of the people.

Objectively, Ellen has a better cause than Olivia.

So Bertus brings Ellen in to stop Olivia's rant.

Ellen even has a lapelt, a holy symbol of the sun god.

Reinhard and Charlotte are the only ones who know that Ellen has a lapel.

However, if this is known, Ellen, as the holder of two holy relics, has a stronger case than Olivia.

Naturally, the paladins Olivia brought with her would be confused if Ellen had different ideas than Olivia.

A split in the paladins soon leads to a split in the support, and Olivia is no longer able to carry out her rampage.

Olivia, however, remains still and stares at Ellen.

Olivia doesn't realize that Ellen was instrumental in tracking down the demon.

Just that look.

I knew from the look on her face that she was about to lose everything in the world.

"Are you okay with this?"

"......."

Olivia's words were met with silence from Ellen.

"Are you just going to call Reinhardt an asshole, go cry yourself to sleep, and let him die?"

"......."

"You're that bad, huh?"

With that, the light returned to Ellen's dead eyes.

Anger.

Those cruel words, that her heart was nothing, brought Ellen's dead heart back to life.

"You, you know what."

"You don't really know, do you?"

Olivia raises the corner of her mouth at an angle.

"Well, I can see that you're going to end up in a corner, sobbing, 'Reinhard is the son of a bad demon who killed my brother.'"

Ellen gritted her teeth at the taunt.

"My, my heart....... What I....... what I think....... How I loved Reinhardt....... How I loved....... How I feel....... How does my sister know....... How do you know....... My sister....... What the hell do you know......."

Olivia laughed, covering her mouth, as she watched Ellen finally shake the tears from her eyes.

"Oh yeah, you're sad. Be sad. Be sad. Who said anything?"

Olivia smiles a sinister smile.

It's as if they forgot that a bunch of powerhouses and paladins are watching.

Like you're only thinking about expressing yourself and getting naked.

"Maybe Reinhardt is evil. Maybe he's a bad guy. Maybe he's up to something incredibly evil. Yeah, that's a possibility."

"By the way."

"I'll trust Reinhardt to the end."

"Go to the end of the line and get betrayed or whatever."

"Even if I'm wrong."

"I'll trust you, Reinhard."

"So you were, like, that's all you had."

"Reinhardt is the devil. I'm so scared, so sad, so betrayed, I'm going crazy."

"You're doing it. You're going to wither and die. Like an asshole."

"Either you believe and be unhappy, or you don't believe and be unhappy. If you have a choice."

"I'm going to be unhappy for believing it, do you understand?"

"Not like you, it's different."

I shouldn't have said that in front of the paladins.

But Olivia blurted it out nonchalantly.

I believe in the devil.

"Let's go back."

Olivia gestures to the Paladins, who are stunned by the barrage of bombshells.

Hands in pockets, fiddling.

Instead of being a champion of Tuan, he returns to lead the paladins, looking more like a neighborhood bully.

Ellen's face turned a deep shade of blue.

I, that's all.

I'm too scared to even think about listening.

Either you're unhappy because you believe, or you're unhappy because you don't.

If both are misery, which misery is better.

Shocked that I'd been duped all this time, I sat in the corner of the room.

Everything Olivia Ranze said was true.

I don't think this sentiment is false.

I didn't think I could lose to anyone with the size of my heart.

To stay like this, dumbfounded, fearful, and betrayed.

Ellen didn't know anything else, but she did know one thing.

I don't know what it does well.

If you're crying like this, you must be wrong.



* * *



Olivia Ranze returned to lead the paladins.

Before the entire continent knows of the warrior's existence, rumors will swirl that he was a demon.

Conflict with religious groups was inevitable. Bertus' job now was to keep it from turning into a war.

After Olivia's return, the vigilance dropped, and Bertus walked into the office with Ellen.

Reinhardt is the devil, yes.

Olivia Ranze decided to trust Reinhardt anyway.

I didn't want to think that I could trust it because it had saved me so many times.

Believing makes you unhappy, not believing makes you unhappy.

If there are two paths to take, Olivia Ranze said, believe it and be unhappy.

You were just that good.

Olivia's words stuck in Ellen's chest.

Was it something I could trust?

They've been hiding things like that, and I'm supposed to believe them.

Is it possible.

That's, uh, impossible.

I don't think that's possible.

Ellen had just seen someone who could do that.

Of course, Olivia is technically in the Devil's good graces, so it's easier for her to believe in him.

Ellen thinks.

Everything that's happened so far.

Maybe all that time wasn't a lie. I wonder if believing in Reinhardt can make the time that is now all fake real.

I'm a little more.

Reinhardt, I wonder if I should have trusted him.

What Olivia could do, she couldn't do.

I wondered, was that really all there was to it?

"......."

Ellen could only stare blankly at the table.

"Ellen, you have every right to attend the papal council of the Five Great Houses, you know that, right?"

"...... is it?"

At Bertus's words, Ellen mumbled to herself.

"Olivia Ranze is going to bring the Demon over to the Crusaders' side and then try to justify his actions somehow, so you're the only one who's going to be able to put the lunatic's foot down on that."

"......Yes."

"......."

At Ellen's lackluster response, Bertus crosses his arms and looks at her.

"Do you really want to believe Reinhardt, too?"

"......."

"It's the same for everyone, I want all the crazy stuff Reinhardt says to be true, but I can't believe it, it doesn't make sense, and even if Reinhardt's intentions are true, the problem is still the same."

Ellen bit her lip.

"At this rate, Olivia's going to come up with some bullshit about how the Demon King is the chosen one for two holy relics, so he should be recognized as the champion, and then humanity will be released into the world with the two main religions and the Demon Gods in their hands. Regardless of Reinhardt's claim that he doesn't really hate humans, there could be a second Demon War in the future, let alone two continents. Regardless of Reinhardt's wishes, the division is certain."

It's hard to tell if they're just demons or champions of the gods.

There, the fetishists follow the devil.

Not only does he manage to pull off the miraculous feat of uniting the gods and demons, but he does so in a way that makes him a force completely exclusive to the Empire.

Reinhardt's presence is so huge that even if he didn't want a conflict, it would already be the start of a huge conflict.

Bertus had an empire to protect, and he couldn't allow the demon to be unleashed on the world.

Ellen listened to the story, then spoke up.

"I'll try to make it to the Great Council of Bishops."

Without saying what we're going to talk about there.

"Me....... Can I see Reinhardt....... to see him?"

Ellen said, as if that was the only thing on her mind.



* * *



Standing in front of Reinhardt in chains, Ellen was surprised by the guilt that rose up from the depths of her chest.

It was crucial in capturing the demon that threatened humanity.

It was a job well done, and one for the history books.

But what Ellen felt as soon as she saw Reinhardt's limp form wasn't a sense of exhilaration or vengeance.

The guilt that creeps up on you is overwhelming.

I.

I called Reinhardt.

I made Reinhardt look like this.

"......."

I had no doubt that I would be treated well, but seeing it was another matter.

Ellen's fingertips trembled and her breath caught in her throat as she watched.

It was like someone was squeezing my heart.

Reinhard raises his head with difficulty and stares at Ellen, who stands outside the cage.

Reinhard, gagged, struggling to look at an unseen Ellen with out-of-focus eyes, not sure if he's exhausted or given up.

Finally, when she recognized him and saw the tears forming in Reinhardt's unfocused eyes, she wanted to rip his chest out.

"......."

Are even those tears fake?

It can't be.

No way, no how.

Ellen gripped the bars, her lips trembling as she watched Reinhardt inside the cell.

I.

What the hell did I do.

What did I do?

I want to say I'm sorry.

Knowing she had no right to say such a thing, Ellen remained silent.

The son of the demon who killed his brother.

The ones you've been fooling around with.

All the things you've been doing without telling anyone.

All of that disappeared when he saw Reinhardt's broken body.

It's my fault.

I screwed everything up.

I should have trusted you more.

At the very least, I should have listened.

I didn't.

Fear and panic, betrayal and suspicion.

I didn't even listen.

If I had done that, if I had given it a chance to speak for itself.

No. I actually said.

I said it jokingly, but it could have been a way of trying to deal with my inner frustration and depression.

If you listened to him at all back then.

If I hadn't taken it as a silly, unpleasant prank.

This might not have happened.

He didn't trust Reinhardt.

So.

Everything is broken.

"I am....... I screwed up....... screwed up......."

Savior Tana stares at Ellen, her whole body shaking and sobbing.

Reinhardt is gagged and unable to say anything.

Reinhardt shakes his head, though.

As if it's not your fault.

The sight made Ellen shake even more violently, and she couldn't help but feel sick.

Saviolin Tana stares at the scene.

Ellen Artorius, who had captured the demon herself, broke down at the sight of the captured demon.

Olivia Ranze declared that she would save Reinhardt.

By winning the hearts of so many important beings, Reinhardt opened up the possibility of survival even after he was revealed to be a demon.

If the Devil himself is the owner of the relic, and he has the support of Olivia and Ellen, the Devil can survive through political means, not war.

No, that's not all.

It's possible, even probable, that they'll be able to rip off half of humanity and bring it into their power.

Maybe it's because they've been unmasked, or maybe it's because they've been found out.

Also.

A ploy of the devil.

Saviolin Tana sees the figure of the Devil beyond the crying Ellen.

The devil shaking his head as if to say it's not your fault, so don't cry.

I wonder if that struggle could be a lie.

More and more in Saviolin Tana's mind.

A dark cloud of suspicion and doubt hung over us.





Episode 444.





An alley somewhere in the ecliptic.

"EpinHauser, why aren't you going along with the Order's decision?"

"......."

Effinghauser leaned back against the wall and listened as a woman in black robes spoke to him.

"It's almost certain that the Council has Akasha. I thought I told you to track Akasha through the House of Demand."

"We don't really know what Akasha is yet."

At Effinghauser's short answer, the woman in black robes snapped her white fingers.

"Isn't it something we can think about once we have that akasha?"

"Akasha could be used by a council that feels threatened by tampering with the House of Demand."

"......."

The Black Order's goal was never to secure Akasha, but rather the destruction of Cantus Magna. After the Battle of Ricci's Tomb, the Council broke off contact with the Black Order.

That it is no longer possible to continue the alliance.

In other words, I must have brushed my hand off at just the right time because the purpose had already been accomplished.

It's not exactly unreasonable. Alliances, by their nature, only last as long as their interests align.

But now, Order was trying to deal with a new threat: Akasha.

The only current clue is Lucinil, the patriarch of Demand, who has gone undercover as a Temple first-year.

But Eppinhauser, a Temple insider, is ignoring the Order's decision to track down Lucinil and learn of Akasha's whereabouts.

"Effinghauser, I hope you don't have your heart set on the devil."

That's why Oder could not help but suspect the mind of the silent Effinghauser.

"The Order agrees with you that the Demon is more necessary than anyone else to the cohesion and maintenance of the Empire, which is why we kept him alive instead of killing him."

"......."

"But that was only true when the demon was weak and had too few forces. You were right then, but things are different now."

Effinghauser was silent.

"The demon will die soon. No, if he survives, the problem will only grow."

"He can't be weak anymore, he can create countless political divisions in his empire, and he can give as many powerful forces as he wants."

"And on top of that, we have Akasha."

"The Demon, by its very existence, is already a sign of great division, and will be the beginning of the collapse of the Empire."

"The Devil will let him die, and if he survives, the Order will have a hand in it."

"So, Effinghauser, I want you to focus on securing Akasha, which is the biggest risk right now. For now, the only clue is the steady stream of demand."

"The Order exists for the good of the Empire and the good of humanity. Have you forgotten what matters most?"

At the words of the woman in black robes, Effinghauser shook his head.

"I didn't forget."

"Then why aren't you following the order's decision?"

Black order.

They exist for order.

Order for empire and humanity.

They do the dirty work to support the empire, sometimes in places the empire doesn't know about, and sometimes by doing things that are socially unacceptable.

As such, working with the Devil for the sake of the Empire was one of the Order's many contradictions.

Demons are a great threat to the empire.

However, an overly weak demon can be useful.

An empire showing signs of fragmentation after the Demon War needed such an abstract enemy.

It looks like another giant dark cloud hanging over humanity, but it's really just a weakened demon.

The Order chose to watch from the sidelines rather than eliminate such a demon. It was more accurate to see the extent of the demon's power from the perspective of an ally.

In fact, based on the reports we've received, it's clear that the Devil has no particular animosity or malice toward humanity.

A demon that is not hostile to mankind, but definitely exists.

Such a demon was exactly what humanity and the Empire needed.

However, as the demon secured the holy relic, things started to get weird.

The story would change with another member of the Order, Cantus Magna.

The devil is out of the bag.

To be precise, the demon's existence has already become too dangerous on its own.

Reinhardt was a weak demon, which suited the Order's tastes.

Show up in just the right place at just the right time, whenever there's a crisis of empire-breaking, and a frightened humanity will cling to each other.

The Order realizes that the Demon King doesn't actually have much animosity toward humanity, but rather a symbiotic relationship, and isn't actually all that eager to rebuild the Demon Realm.

But despite their intentions, demons are the chosen champions of the gods, and their minions now possess a very dangerous artifact called Akasha. There's even a faction that follows them called the Demon Cult.

He knows that the demon is harmless, but he doesn't approach the case with that concept and perspective.

The Devil has become too much of a dangerous symbol.

So it should be removed.

Akasha is dangerous.

So you have to get it.

The first of the two will be taken care of by the empire.

So the order should focus on the second thing: securing Akasha.

The person who was supposed to do it, one of the most important people inside the Temple, wasn't listening.

"I just think you have to be careful with a bomb that you don't know where it's going to end up if you mess with it."

EpinHauser has a point.

If you try to force Akasha's location by capturing and torturing her, the council may be forced to take extreme measures.

"......Remember, Effinghauser, that the passage of time does us no favors."

"I'll keep that in mind."

-Snarl

Once the black-robed woman was out of sight, Eppinhauser stepped back out onto the boulevard and headed toward the Temple.

As always, the overly stoic Eppinhauser is simply dressed to the nines and headed to the temple.

The goodness or badness of existence and intent is irrelevant.

Eliminate threats to the Empire and promote its revival.

Even if that's not what the Empire intended.

The Black Order exists to serve him, to be the pillar of his empire in the Shadowlands. Lesser members of the Order are unaware of its true intentions.

There are also those who receive and carry out orders, and covet the power that the Order gives them in exchange for doing so.

But we are not such a fly on the wall.

Beyond the Temple gates, Effinghauser walks through the still-cluttered Temple grounds.

The Demon himself, and his forces, must have been weak and small.

The Order cooperated with the Demon, in part, so that they could watch its growth up close and deal with it when it crossed the line.

We've crossed that line now.

The Empire will take care of the demon's life, but the Order must deal with Akasha.

Riding the tram to the Royal Class dormitory, Effinghauser quietly called out to first-year Lucinille.

Gazoo of demand.

The silver-haired kid.

Epinhauser sometimes wondered.

The forces of the Devil seem to be a bunch of dumbasses, just like the Devil himself.

"......What's going on?"

Lucinil still remained in the Temple to keep tabs on what was going on inside. His face was not a happy one, given the circumstances.

And they were the only touchpoints between councils and orders.

That's why she was nervous.

If EpinHauser gets aggressive, we have to respond.

Remaining inside the temple is the only way to communicate about Valerie's imprisonment, so Lucinil is unable to leave the temple despite her exposure.

"Akasha, do you have it?"

"......."

At Effinghauser's question, Lucinil fell silent and slowly backed away.

"What is Akasha?"

"......."

"Akasharo, what are you guys going to do?"

Effinghauser hadn't approached Rusinil, he was just asking questions on the spot.

"You guys, are you going to be on our side?"

Rusinil asks something else entirely. Effinghauser shakes his head at that.

"No, we can't be on your side anymore. Apart from Akasha's problems."

It shouldn't have to be said, but Effinghauser said it anyway.

"Well, there's no reason for me to tell you that."

"The Order has instructed me to use force to extract Akasha's whereabouts from you."

"......that, do you think it's possible?"

Gazoo of demand.

An old vampire. Lucinil looks at Eppinhauser with a gaze full of enmity.

"I don't think it's necessarily impossible."

Unlike Rusinil, who was on alert, Eppinhauser could only stare at him.

"However, this is the meaning of the order."

"......what?"

At Effinghauser's rambling, Rusinil's eyes widened.

The Black Order are those who seek to do good with evil.

Good does not mean absolute, but good for humanity and justice for humanity alone.

However, EpinHauser saw.

Not for long, though.

Just a boy with a bad temper.

I watched the boy grow from nothing to gritting his teeth.

I've seen them struggle, unbowed, in the midst of petty justice and petty conviction.

I knew the boy was a demon, and I saw that he didn't hate humanity after what he had been through.

On the contrary, I have seen them loving humans and sometimes trying to save them.

I haven't been watching from the sidelines.

As a teacher, I watched him grow.

They're not much different than any other human being, but I've seen them climb up and up and up, doing whatever they set their minds to.

An order is a group that does good with evil.

An organization where the mere mention of your name is a curse, where you must work in the shadows, unappreciated by anyone, in the name of the Empire.

That's why pride is the most important thing for the Order's members.

There can only be so much pride and conviction to do something so evil that you can't even rationalize it.

However.

Humanity deserves to be hated.

He saw a being who loved humanity more than anyone else, when it was physically and logically impossible for him not to hate humanity.

That's just not possible.

A demon who made possible what should have been impossible.

How much pride and conviction do they have in their existence.

We can't fathom it.

He who does not hate mankind, must die carrying his hatred.

Without accomplishing anything.

Without the sympathy of anyone, without the understanding of anyone she loved.

Pride, conviction, and desire, unknown to anyone.

They should die with the label of traitor and deceiver.

A world where such pride should be dampened.

A world where such beliefs should be insulted.

If the world is such that such a being must die a miserable death, having accomplished nothing.

What are pride and beliefs anyway.

If the greatest beliefs and pride in the world had to be erased.

What value is there in that, and why.

What in the world does that mean?

You've lived your entire life with that one belief and pride.

If this is the way he must die, a man whose pride was greater than himself, a man who sought to do good in the name of forgiveness and unity, not evil.

To die in stigma and infamy, never understood by anyone.

In such a world.

If it is the will of the gods.

Believers.

World map.

Worthless.

Someone's misunderstanding, because it's a misunderstanding, makes them hate the boy.

Someone's misunderstanding, because it's a misunderstanding, touches the boy.

"The Order can't be on your side, but I think I can be on your side."

That's why, Effinghauser said.



* * *



The fall of Olivia Lance has left the Empire unable to touch the Demon.

Whatever disposition was to be made of the demon would have to be discussed with the Five Great Lords first.

As it turns out, Olivia Ranze's "stalling for time" was a huge success.

And with Olivia's words, word spread like wildfire across the zodiac.

The demon is captured.

Not long ago, Reinhardt, who was said to have been chosen by Alsbringer, was the Devil himself.

Rumors that a demon had infiltrated the human race.

And the truth that the demon was chosen by Alsbringer.

It was causing shock and confusion.

The devil's capture should be a cause for relief, for the gods could not have been unaware of it, and giving the devil a holy object would have meant that the gods intended it.

It is even the holy object that is of the greatest value to humanity right now.

The sword of the warrior who killed his father is now in the hands of his son.

What the heck does Als serve.

Does the War God want a great war, as his name implies?

What the gods want.

Gods, have you abandoned us?

Why would they choose a demon and not a human for their king?

The people were confused and afraid, even though the demon had been captured.

And.

Temples.

Breakfast time.

"You, I guess, knew."

Liana de Granz looked at Herriot and said, "You know what?

Herriot could only bow his head like a sinner before Liana, unable to speak.

Ellen and Harriet have been weird lately.

Riana nodded, as if she finally understood what the two strange looks meant.

Reinhardt was the demon who killed Duke Granz.

I've even been to a funeral.

Riana nodded slowly as she heard that.

"Harriet, I need to talk to you later."

"Huh? Ah....... Yeah......."

Herriot watched, still, as the tip of the fork in Riana's hand burned.





 445 





The news that Reinhardt was a demon was causing a stir throughout the zodiac, but it was the Temple that was most disturbed.

Temple's students were white-faced when they realized what had caused the recent upheaval in the Temple.

I thought temples were the safest place after the imperial palace, but this one was haunted by a demon.

And now he's been found out and is trapped.

Not surprisingly, there was a lot of commotion, panic, and students packing up and leaving the temple.

A temple in disarray.

And, most importantly, Royal Class.

"No....... What's wrong with that? Even if Reinhardt's an asshole......."

Erich de Lapaeri shook his head, his mouth hanging open in disbelief.

The Ganodab death penalty was a bit of an icebreaker.

I thought it was a little weird, and I wondered why I couldn't see Reinhardt, but then I realized it was just too big.

He may not have been friendly, but he was sharing a roof with the devil.

Apart from being surprised, we were all in disbelief.

He's got a very nasty temper, and now he's been chosen by an artifact, so I'm thinking he's on a different level.

That Reinhardt is the devil.

"What the hell is this....... What the hell is this......."

Heinrich von Schwarz was frozen.

"No, there's something wrong with you. Does this....... makes sense?"

Kono Lindt said.

"......."

Kai, who'd fought Reinhardt as soon as he saw him in first grade, was shaking.



* * *



"Are we misunderstanding something?"

Ludwig was huddled with a group of B-class kids talking about it.

"No, Reinhardt wouldn't do that, he's human."

"I think he used some kind of transformation magic....... with transformation magic."

At Delphine's words, Ludwig narrowed his eyes and shook his head.

"But how do I get into the temple?"

Lanyon Sessor's words made Christina shake her head.

"I don't know, maybe there's some kind of magic. He's a demon....... But I don't really get it......."

Class B was equally shocked and confused by the revelation that Reinhardt was a demon.

Scarlett walked past classmates who said the same thing.

Scarlett herself, though she realized it earlier than they did, was equally unhappy with the status quo.

"So, everything that's happened so far involving the Devil was Reinhardt's....... was Reinhardt's doing?"

Crusader Massacre.

Raziern Raid.

And the reappearance of the Satanists.

When I told them that it was all Reinhardt's orders, they freaked out.

In the next class over, Reinhardt, who I thought was just a brilliant classmate, revealed his true colors.

Demons that go so far as to massacre civilians.

Everyone felt scared and betrayed.

"Reinhardt is....... Why?"

At the funeral of Duke Granz, Ludwig saw Reinhardt.

That pensive look was fake?

In reality, you killed your friend's parents on his orders and showed up to the funeral?

Why it had to be.

Just for the sake of desperation?

Ludwig couldn't understand the connection between all of this.

We were talking about it.

As the students chatted in the hall, they soon saw a shadowy figure creeping up from somewhere down the hall.

"Hey, what's that......?"

An unidentifiable shadow stalked the hallway. All the students jumped to their feet in fright.

Something ominous and dark was rising from somewhere, as if it were trying to take over the world.

While everyone was frozen in place, only Ludwig turned toward the hallway.

An unidentified saccharine aura envelops the entire hallway.

Although he couldn't tell, Ludwig thought it was B-1, the dormitory at the head of the hall.

Soon, I realized it was coming from Charlotte's room.

Something has happened to Charlotte.

"Charlotte!"

Ludwig pushes through the chaos and opens the door to Charlotte's visit.

-click!

The door was unlocked.

"Shah....... Charlotte......?"

Between rooms in a dormitory.

There, Charlotte sat up in bed, a black aura emanating from her body.

Ludwig, as well as the other students, rushed over and saw that Charlotte was surrounded by an ominous aura.

Charlotte sits on her bed in a daze, her red demonic eyes fixed on Ludwig and her classmates.

"Me......."

In a voice close to dying.

"Leave it alone......."

Charlotte de Gradias said.



* * *



Temple students learned about Charlotte's condition.

Charlotte was promptly escorted to the palace by members of the imperial household.

We don't know exactly what it is, but the students don't know if it's Charlotte's superpower, which has been kept secret until now, or something else.

Charlotte was kidnapped by the Devil and kept close to the Devil's heir.

Demon's Curse.

There was talk among the students that the Empress had received something similar.

Rumor begets rumor, which begets manufactured truth.

Charlotte de Gradias, arguably the greatest victim of the Devil, was now under suspicion of something else entirely.

1The Empress was not actually a collaborator of the Devil.

It's suspicious that you made it out of Demon Castle unscathed.

And it just so happened that my closest classmate was the son of the devil.

It's possible that this was all planned, and that Empress 1 was not used, but rather a collaborator.

Most people don't realize that Charlotte and Ellen played a crucial role in following the Devil's trail, and it wouldn't make a difference if they did.

People jump to conclusions and put things together.

Suspicious things mix and match to create a truth that was never there.

1The Empress is suspicious.

The rumors that spread were creating another truth, looking for their next target.

1The empress was in too high a position to fall prey to such rumors.

However, she didn't know how long that position would protect her.



* * *



Crusader Headquarters, Great Hall.

With an urgent religious agenda, the room was packed with people who wouldn't normally gather.

Not to mention the Popes of the Five Great Houses, starting with Elayon Bolton, Grand Master of the Crusader Knights, through Tuan, Mensis, Als, Riter, and Shalam.

Two champions. Olivia Ranze and Ellen Artorius.

One representing each of the denominations, and one representing the combined forces of the denominations.

And the champion chosen by the gods.

A group of people who couldn't possibly be in the same room at the same time, and at the head of the table, Olivia and Ellen sat on either side of me.

Such is the authority of the Champion of the Gods.

Even if they're not actually believers, like Ellen, the Champions carry a great deal of religious authority and symbolism in their own right. This is why both Olivia and Ellen, who are believers and priests in the first place, are granted seats by the Pope.

But there was silence in the room.

For generations, the gods of the five major religions were perceived as gods for humans.

We've always only granted holy items to humans.

The demons have been separated from each other by the name of demigods, claiming to have their own faith.

But Als, the war god, chose a demon.

The god of war, who had given a holy object to a warrior to kill a demon, now chose the slain demon's son.

That's why the popes have been slow to speak out.

I couldn't figure out what the hell was going on.

Olivia was the first to speak up.

"The choice of the gods is right, and so I believe there is some will in Als' choice of the Devil, a will so great that it is beyond our comprehension, but I believe it will work out in the end to great good and justice."

Though she had no interest in the will of the gods, it was easy for Olivia to pretend.

The will of the gods is too great for us to comprehend, but there is a reason why the devil was chosen. So this is both a long-term good and an absolute good.

Olivia's logic was that we should tolerate the existence of the devil.

It was the Pope of the Tuan Order who responded to Olivia's words.

"Champion. Demons have been the enemy of mankind for generations, and their leader, the Demon King, is absolutely the enemy of mankind, and possesses powers beyond our comprehension, so it is not beyond the realm of possibility that he may have used those inscrutable powers to tamper with the holy object."

"To doubt the absoluteness of a holy object is to doubt the absoluteness of the gods. Now, are you denying the Lord's choice?"

The Pope of the Order of Tuan countered with the Pope of the Order of Als.

To say that a holy relic of Alth has been stolen through unholy influence is to deny the will of the War God as well as the Order of Alth.

As such, the Order of Als was bound to be the most sensitive.

Olivia smiled faintly at that comment from the Cult of Alth pope.

It's not Olivia who has to defend Reinhardt now, it's actually the Order of Als.

The current Cult of Alth has the largest number of adherents among the Five Great Houses of the Gods, due to the fact that the warrior defeated the demon with the Alsbringer.

But now that this has happened, the members of the Order of Als and their priests are the most shaken.

The last thing he wanted was for his authority to be denied or questioned.

If you're going to affirm the devil, you're going to affirm it completely, and if you're going to deny it, you're going to deny it extremely.

"I don't mean to imply that ......, but I just wanted to say that I don't think it's rash to fully affirm the devil because we don't know what kind of power he has or what kind of unholy things he can do, and that's what I wanted to talk about."

At the words of the Tuan Cult Pope, everyone nodded slowly.

They realize that this is turning into a huge religious conflict, and that one has already begun. It's entirely possible that decisions made here could ignite a massive war.

They knew that making a rash decision would put everyone at risk.

Denying the Devil outright undermines the foundation of faith in the Five Great Gods.

Affirming the Demon King could lead to war between the Empire and the Five Great Houses.

So, for now, we decided to take a wait-and-see approach.

And everyone was on the lookout for Olivia Ranze.

While the situation and doctrine make sense, Olivia makes no secret of the fact that she is entirely on the Devil's side.

Tuan's champion is an asshole who will go to war.

That's why everyone had to clench their molars when Olivia told them to open their mouths.

And it was the Pope of the Tuan Cult who was the worst.

What was once a saint and the next leader of the Tuan Order, or the next Crusader Knight, had become an extremist.

Tuan, why would you choose to do that and not.......

I couldn't help but have the kind of thoughts I shouldn't have.

"The Pope of the Order of Tuan seems to have a bad complexion."

Of course, this isn't Olivia, who wouldn't know that.

I've explained this to Elion Bolton, but there's something the other popes in the room don't know yet.

"Um, I want to share a fun fact with you."

Olivia giggles and summons Tiamata.

"Actually, I'm sharing Tiamata with the devil."

"What?!"

There is one denomination that must now defend the existence of the Devil.

Cult of Als.

"So there's not one, but two champions of Tuan."

And now the Tuan Order has been added.

Ellen and Elion Bolton, who already knew about it, were silent.

But the popes of the Five Patriarchates were appalled.

The Demon King was not only chosen by Als, but also by Tuan. Everyone's reaction was one of disbelief.

We can't exactly prove it, and Olivia could be lying to get the devil on her side.

"If you doubt my word, ask the Champion of Mensis."

Olivia gestured to Ellen with her chin.

A warrior's sister and the only one in a position to stop Olivia's atrocities.

I look at Ellen Artorius as if I want everyone to say please, no.

"It's true."

Ellen had no intention of lying.

"Oh, gods......."

One of the popes let out an ambiguous sigh that I didn't know whether to blame or praise God for.

I don't know if it's just the Cult of Als, but the Cult of Tuan.

The Pope of the Tuan Order was a madman.

I can't believe my champion is an idiot for siding with the devil, and he even chose the devil.

"And since you've been Tuan's champion since last year, you have to be Tuan's champion first, right?"

"Yes, that's right."

This was the situation of the Pope of the Tuan Order, who thought his house was on fire, only to find that his own house had been reduced to ashes.

Not one, but two.

They don't realize that Ellen now has the Lapelt, the holy relic of Shalam.

This is why the Devil now has two holy relics, making him the most powerful symbol in religion right now.

One is bad enough, but two is worse.

It's hard enough to say that Alsbringer was somehow tricked into being stolen, but to claim that two were stolen is to say that the gods are incompetent.

That's basically impossible.

So is it possible to affirm the existence of the Devil?

There are bound to be a lot of people in the crowd who are psychologically incapable of accepting that, as well as a lot of people in the church who can't understand it.

Not only will you be feuding with an empire, but you'll also be feuding with a religious group called the Crusaders.

In the long run, Tuan and Als could be stigmatized as nothing more than a demonic cult.

In the long run, the death of the denomination itself; in the short run, religious wars.

The bad news.

Or worse.

They were faced with the worst of all possible worlds.

"First of all, I think we can all agree that our decision on the matter of the devil is the right one, right?"

Olivia's naturally virtuous words stunned the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Patriarchs.

We make no secret of our intentions that if the Devil comes into our clutches, we will claim his innocence after a proper trial, and that we will release him safely in the future.

But I have to agree that this is a problem that needs to be solved at the hands of the Five Great Houses.

It's about the authority of the Church of the Lord.

The Pope of the Five Great Houses sees Ellen as having a voice similar to Olivia's.

Please feel like you're the only one who's sane.

Like please, please, please put the brakes on that crazy champion of purity somehow.

"Line....... No, to the devil......."

Ellen Artorius opens her mouth.

"I think they should be given a chance to explain everything that's happened."

That was easy enough.





Episode 446.





Olivia's insistence that the Devil's recruits be brought to the Order of the Five Masters.

Ellen's insistence on giving calling a chance.

The two arguments are both similar and different. For one thing, Ellen wasn't arguing for a demonic recruit.

At the very least, you should give him a chance to tell you what he's been up to and whether or not it was meant to harm humanity.

Fortunately or unfortunately, the popes were more receptive to Ellen's middle-of-the-road approach than Olivia's extreme claims.

"Let's do a public interrogation or something....... What are we talking about?"

When Bertus heard the results of the papal conference of the Five Great Houses, his expression was stern.

We don't know what that means.

"Okay, that's better because it doesn't sound like a ridiculous request to unleash the devil......."

It wasn't some Olivia Lanchester-esque insanity that demanded we either give up the devil or go to war.

"I don't know if this will make any difference, but if it'll shut up the Church of the Lord, I'll give it a try......."

Even if it's unclear whether it's a public trial or a public inquisition, it gives Olivia Lance's gang some ground to stand on.

I already gave you everything you deserved at the last public hearing, so don't ask for more.

Interrogating a demon in public.

Bertus chewed on his lip, though he hadn't gone as far as Olivia had.

If even Ellen Artorius sided with the devil, things could get out of hand.

Tiamata, Alsbringer, and Lament.

Once the three holy objects are attached to the Devil, there is no reason for the Five Great Divinities not to be attached to the Devil, for to deny them would be to destroy the very foundation of the faith.

Of course, the higher-ups in the Church don't support the Devil because they want to support him. It's literally crying and eating mustard.

If the entire Five Great Houses of God were to support the Demon King, the world would literally fall apart.

"And Charlotte?"

"You are currently quarantined in the Palace of Spring."

Bertus sighed.

Charlotte's deteriorating condition was also a serious concern for Bertus.

You've captured a demon.

That should have solved everything, but somehow things just seemed to spiral out of control.



* * *



The Five Great Houses and the Empire will publicly interrogate the Demon King.

What you've been up to, how you got to the point where you've been chosen, and if there's really been any dirty tricks involved.

Whether the devil is really unclean or not.

We will interrogate the demon and determine his disposition as mutually agreed upon.

The story went viral.

Of course, this was a public interrogation, so no civilians were allowed to observe.

It was only allowed to those who had a say in the matter, or a right to watch.

Imperial Emperor, Neliod de Gradias.

Bertus de Gradias, First Emperor of the Empire.

The popes of each of the five major Christian denominations.

Elayon Bolton, Crusader Knight Commander.

Olivia Ranze, champion of Tuan.

Ellen Artorius, Champion of Mensis.

And the Shanapels and Imperial Mages for security and escort.

Paladins of the Five Great Houses.

Plus, Scarlett, an immunizer, just in case the devil tries to pull a fast one on us.

Charlotte, who was in no condition to be seen outside, was unable to attend.

It was decided that the interrogation would take place inside the Temple's general headquarters.

No immediate interrogations were conducted. Numerous connections and magical measures had already begun to be taken inside the temple, which had already been vetted for safety, just in case.

The outcome of this interrogation will determine whether the Five Great Houses and the Empire will become enemies or maintain a fragile peace.

Two days later.

The public interrogation of the Demon King begins.

"......."

In the distance, Harriet sees the General Headquarters building.

Herriot is not available for public questioning.

Whether it's the right thing to do or not, we don't know.

It's probably not the right thing to do, thinks Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

But I decided to do it anyway.

I chose to believe it.

That urgency.

That longing.

In the end, Herriot couldn't deny it.

So.

You want to do what you're supposed to do.

If you have to betray everything you know to trust just one person.

I decided to do that, and I did.



* * *



"Two days later....... "

"The Lord of Demand said so."

Eleris nodded at Antrianus' words.

"We believe the time is right. When it happens, we'll be ready to act."

"......."

"Do you know enough about Akasha to use it?"

"It's ......."

Eleris nodded in agreement.

Preparing the tools of creation to be used for destruction.

Eleris was ready to go.

Valier will blame himself.

You can't help but feel resentful.

Because of this, the demon will become a symbol of hate and loathing to all beings.

Just to survive.

Just to survive.

Is it really right to take on all that hatred just to survive?

Is it okay to put someone in that position to avoid death?

Will Bali be happy to see it survive?

Eleris knows the answer.

It won't.

However.

To save the child he endangered, the last of his descendants.

Eleris has decided to destroy the world.

To live wickedly, to live hypocritically.

In the end, I decided to pave the way for absolute evil, which is neither hypocrisy nor hypocrisy nor anything else.



* * *



Two days have passed in an ambiguous period of time where everyone feels an inexplicable sense of foreboding.

Outside the makeshift camp where the demon was being held, Shanapelle, the Imperial Mages, and a number of paladins were already present.

For the empire, it was a meeting of the minds to come to an agreement with the Five Great Priests, and for the Five Great Priests to find out whether or not the existence of the Demon King was justified.

To escort the Demon King to the General Headquarters, a number of people were prepared to lead the way.

Even in these situations, there are onlookers.

Around the cell where the demon was sure to be imprisoned, there were students who tried to watch the spectacle from a distance.

Flanking the gagged demon stood Tana and Scarlet, the violins, ready to respond to any emergency.

The best and brightest of humanity have gathered to escort the Demon King.

It's safe to say that even if the former Demon King Valier were to return to life, he wouldn't be able to rescue his son from this situation; they were the best and brightest of humanity.

Everyone holds their breath as they watch the demonic figure in the distance.

He sees a demon in human form who, after being known as a warrior, is revealed to be a demon.

Is that really the devil?

Appearances are sometimes everything, and in a demon in human form, people only recognize the smell of humanity.

Could something be wrong?

That's what a lot of people who didn't know the details thought.

There's some kind of conspiracy that we don't know about.

Are you trying to kill a healthy warrior?

It was inevitable that some would come to that conclusion.

Regardless of the people's puzzlement, the convoy escorted the Demon King to the General Headquarters with a stern demeanor.

People were already waiting at the table set up in the main hall, and the demon sat on a wooden chair in the center of the open space.

Not a throne, not an overly shabby chair, but an ordinary chair, the kind you'd find in a temple classroom.

In the chairs where they had sat as students, Scarlett and Savior Tana stood, flanked by the one who had come to sit as a demon.

Olivia watched the spectacle through clenched teeth.

Gathered for interrogation.

And the manpower to guard it.

Surrounded by people, the demon sat still in his chair.

Reinhardt was once her daughter's fianc and believed to be one of the heroes who would save the world.

But the one who was a demon, the emperor looked at him and said.

"Ungag him."

At that command, Scarlett carefully removed the gag from Reinhardt's mouth.

"From now on, I'm going to give the Devil one last chance at redemption."

"How to be a master of two holy objects."

"What is Akasha, the mysterious magic tool that can become a god, and what is its whereabouts."

"What you've been hoping for."

"If you meant what you said about wanting peace, how can you prove it."

"Last."

"Young devil."

"For everything, explain."

Reinhardt, the handcuffed demon, sits in his chair, looking around at his surroundings.

Olivia Ranze.

Ellen Artorius.

Bertus de Gradias.

Slowly stare into their faces.

The demon intuits something.

It's a rush, a rush, a rush.

It's like you've felt a certain destiny that you can't rebel against anymore.

He looks like he's realized something.

"That stuff, it doesn't matter anymore."

Tweet.

and.

The devil clucks his tongue.

"You wouldn't believe it anyway, you guys."

The arrogance of the situation made everyone's already serious faces even more serious.

It's like you've given up on everything, and now you're wondering where it all went.

It's still doom and gloom, but with an arrogant attitude, says the devil.

"They'll think I can't help but hate humans, and they won't believe I tried to save you."

"If I told you I did all this because I wanted peace, you wouldn't believe me."

"You killed my ancestor Valie, I'm his son, and the Darklands were destroyed, so it's only natural that I would hate humans."

"It doesn't make sense to me that I was trying to do something because I love people, because I wanted to save the world."

"I don't really hate humans."

"And staying at the temple. That was just a treat in itself."

"If they were in danger, I wanted to help them."

"I wanted to comfort them when they were sad."

"Two holy relics? Want me to tell you something fun?"

"Alsbringer only chooses those who are ready to sacrifice themselves for the world."

"Why I know something that even the Pope of the Order of Als doesn't know, I won't tell you because you won't believe me if I do."

"Anyway, I'm ready to die for you guys, and you're not going to believe it. Yeah, of course, you're not going to believe it."

"So now I'm not going to tell you the same old, same old, truth that you won't believe."

"So, I'm going to tell you a story that you're going to believe."

"I'd rather tell you the future than the truth, which you won't believe no matter how much I tell you."

"I told you that my men might activate Akasha for destruction to save me, so either kill me ASAP or let me go, and you did neither of those things."

"So the worst thing I expect to happen, the thing I was trying to prevent, is going to start happening."

The demon raises his head.



"Soon, every warp gate in the entire continent will be transformed into a portal to the Otherworld."

"The otherworldly monsters that came out of it will destroy your world."



The grim-eyed demon declares with a curse.

"So, be prepared."

Everyone held their breath at the sight of the Demon King's eyes.



* * *



Temple Royal Class, second year, Class B dormitory.

-Bang!

Ludwig cocked his head at the sudden appearance of someone running out into the hallway.

"Uh....... Scarlett?"

"@Huck....... ......."

Scarlett, her red hair drenched in a cold sweat, was gasping for air as she looked at Ludwig.

As if something really bad has happened.

It was the same for Ludwig.

"No, right now you're here....... shouldn't you be here?"

He needs Scarlett by his side to control the demon's powers. And that interrogation would be underway now.

But now, Scarlett came running out into the hallway, still in her pajamas, sweating profusely.

"No, I saw you leave earlier, and I thought you were going to......?"

And sure enough, Ludwig had seen Scarlett leave the dormitory with a determined look on her face. But now, Scarlett was here.

Scarlett, hearing the words, looked at Ludwig, her face white, and shook her head.

"I'm....... It's not me......."

"What?"

"Who....... knocked me out and....... disguised himself as me......."

The closest thing to a demon right now was someone other than Scarlett.



* * *



The guards in the interrogation room where Reinhardt had been held until now were now outnumbered.

The demon we needed to keep an eye on had moved on, and we'd already gotten all the information we could from the demon's minions who were imprisoned with him.

The Archmages and Swordmasters had all left, and the Temple's guards, not Shanapelle's knights, were now standing guard.

And right now, all the troops inside the cell were asleep, all under the curse of a demon.

-jerky

Then, two people enter the dungeon.

The cage opens, and the gray-haired woman sees two people standing in front of her.

Loyard had never seen Effinghauser and Roussinil in person.

But I think I knew what their expressions meant.

"It's our only chance."

"......."

"Let's go get Valerie."

Lucinil has unshackled Loyaar.

Staggering to his feet, Loyar tries to move his immobile limbs. It's been a long time in prison, but after a few stretches, Loyaar takes a deep breath.

"I'd like to ask you something."

Loyard looks back and forth between Effinghauser and Roussinil, as if waiting for someone to answer.

"The Rotary Club kids went to....... What happened?"

Lucinil didn't know what Loyar was asking.

"It's pretty obvious what happened to those who were perceived as collaborators of the devil."

At Effinghauser's words, Loyard nodded slowly.

"Adriana, who was a Temple student, is apparently being protected by Ellen's favors, but all the others were hanged."

"Oh....... Yeah......."

Loyar nodded.

"Well, at least I can die without regrets."

The gray-haired woman laughed.

Not at all pleased.



* * *



Right next to him were the violins Tana and Scarlett.

Silence fell over the hall at the demon's shocking prediction of the future, especially Olivia, who stared at Reinhardt with wide eyes.

"The gate crisis is all about breaking warp gates. If you break all the warp gates on an entire continent, the gate crisis is over."

As if foreseeing a terrible fate, the demon looked as if he didn't doubt for a moment that the world would roll according to his word.

Bertus stares at the demon.

Really, was it right to let the devil go free?

If it was his plot to make that happen, he had no reason to tell them the answer.

The devil is talking about something that hasn't happened yet.

Everyone is confused as to whether the devil is causing this, or if he's really trying to save humanity.

Ellen stared at Reinhardt.

Problems caused by not trusting Reinhardt.

And, if Reinhardt's statement is true and it really does happen.

The source of the problem will be the Devil himself and his minions.

And he was to blame for not trusting Reinhardt.

-Bang!

The door was roughly thrown open by an impatient-looking Knight of the Shanapelle.

His complexion was almost blue, and everyone was puzzled.

Hurrying, almost running, toward the Emperor, the knight of Shanapelle whispered something in his ear.

The Demon King looks at the emperor's expression.

"Ah....... Looks like it's already started."

As if he knew what had happened by the change in his complexion, the demon laughed heartily.

"I mean, you should have trusted me......."

-goooooooooooooo

Very far away.

Vaguely.

Everyone heard the cries of an unnamed monster.

Everyone looks to the emperor, not the devil.

As if you've heard the story.

"At the warp gate....... unidentified monsters....... are appearing......."

The gate crisis has begun.

That wasn't the end of it.

"The sky is...... strange......."

A wizard from the Imperial Order of Mages, wary of the situation outside, enters and speaks with a pale face.

"Meteors are....... are raining down......."

The sky opens up and a meteor falls toward the temple.





Episode 447.





-Confectioner!

Antirrhinus watched from afar as a meteor shattered in a massive shockwave over the temple.

Time is broad daylight.

But as if the mirror of the heavens were shattering, meteors poured from the cracks in the sky that illuminated the vast void, falling toward the temple and shattering it.

"Shiloh, beautiful power......."

-Bang! Quack! Kwakkakkakkang!

The Temple's activated barriers were so strong and thick that they could hold back a meteorite that would have reduced a village to ashes.

Indeed, it deserved to be called the second safest place in the land of men.

-Kyaaaaah!

-Grrrrrr!

-!

-Ahhhhh!

And Antirianus stared at the vast numbers of monsters pouring out of the warp gate, which was no longer its usual blue color, but a blazing inferno.

Heteromorphic monsters were pouring out, killing people.

Imaginary dimensions.

Clumsy creatures created in a dimension that doesn't exist, only to be thrust into the existing world to exist.

An incomplete Akasha is a recipe for disaster.

The destruction begins.

"This is more than I could have imagined......."

Antirrhinus watched the spectacle with satisfaction, as if he had been expecting more, but had gotten more than he bargained for.

-Woof!

Antirrhinus watches in awe as a meteor crashes into the temple.



* * *



There was still silence in the General Headquarters.

The devil foresaw disaster, but it had already begun.

However, the Devil provides the answer to the catastrophe that began. He tells you how to fix it.

"This catastrophe would not have been limited to the ecliptic, but would have been continental."

"The bigger the gate, the more dangerous monsters will come out. So we should prioritize breaking the super-sized warp gate."

"And as you know, the ecliptic has the most warp gates of any continent."

"So, the longer we wait to act, the more people will die."

"Smaller warp gates won't produce as strong of a monster, but numbers are numbers, and small to medium-sized towns and strongholds that don't have the right troops or armor are better off abandoning."

"Most countries will probably cease to function, and the only ones that will remain functional will be the capitals of empires or stronghold cities like Cernstadt."

"We're going to have to secure those, and then we're going to have to clean up the gates that we didn't get to, one by one, and that's how we're going to do it."

"I like to move fast."

"If we move a minute late now, we have to think of it as a year or a decade late in rebuilding humanity later."

He didn't blame the humans for causing this mess.

The situation has already happened.

The Empire's most elite troops are gathered here.

The ecliptic is the continent with the most warp gates.

If they didn't act quickly, the scale of the disaster would reduce the ecliptic to ashes. Meteors were raining down to destroy the temple.

Everyone listened in stunned silence.

If they're plotting to destroy humanity, there's no reason why we shouldn't know about it.

The only way to know if that's true is to break the warp gate.

The disaster has begun.

When you don't know what's going on and why, the damage can be devastating over time.

Or is it because they know they're doomed until they're told?

No, there's no reason you should.

If the Empire is fooled into thinking that this event only happened in the ecliptic, it will later have to face a world that has been reduced to ashes.

It's hard to reach them when all the warp gates have stopped firing.

I don't need to tell you that this catastrophe is continental in scope, because it's only going to get worse with time.

Everyone in the room has a hunch.

The Devil's men may have done this, but the Devil really didn't want this to happen.

That's why they're giving humanity the answers.

The emperor is furious.

You may not believe everything else, but you should take the devil's word for a catastrophe that has already happened.

If the demon was truly for the good of humanity, you can't kill it. There might be something else he knows.

But we can't let it go either.

Something is bound to happen, but if the ecliptic collapses, the empire is over.

However, with a presumed catastrophe threatening entire continents across the ecliptic, the forces that can be devoted to the Demon King are limited.

"Lord Tana, you will remain with the First Battalion."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"Shanapelle, all but the 1st Battalion, and the Imperial Mages are following me."

Demons are one thing, but now the ecliptic is about to evaporate.

If the best of the best were to stand by and watch from this spot, the empire would be lost.

The troops trickle out like an ebb and flow. The Emperor and Bertus are gone, too.

Olivia Ranze also looks at the popes of the Five Great Houses with a stony expression.

"We need to deal with this situation, and we need you and the pope to deal with this situation quickly."

Olivia says this with a stern look on her face, but every pope and even the head of the Crusader Knights knows what her intentions are.

I watch the corners of Olivia's mouth twitch in a serious but subtle way.

I felt like I knew what she was thinking in this crazy situation.

But just as the emperor had to leave, we couldn't just stand by and watch.

Right now, the Imperium needs the power of the paladins, priests, and popes of this place.

You need to do something before the damage spreads any further.

"Let's go."

The paladins and the popes of the Five Great Houses left.

Only the Crusader Knights, including Elayon Bolton, and the troops he commanded remained in place.

Soon, there were only a few people left.

Scarlett and Savior Tana standing right next to Reinhardt.

Olivia Ranze.

Ellen Artorius.

But with no idea what was going to happen to the Demon King, the best of Shanapelle's best were on hand, as well as Elion Bolton.

Despite the circumstances, we were well prepared for any possible raids or contingencies.

Even if Olivia Ranze was going to do something out of character, she could have handled it.

Of course.

That is, unless you're Olivia Ranze and you're the only one who's willing to do something out of the ordinary.

Time passes in silence.

With meteors raining down on your temple and monsters rising from the ecliptic.

They were enduring a tense time, with only the duty of keeping an eye on the devil.

Olivia watched the situation with an unreadable expression on her face, while Ellen bit her lip and watched the situation.

Saviolin Tana stood beside Reinhardt, holding on to her seat to keep from falling.

-Bang!

Suddenly, the entrance gates exploded open, and the troops guarding the outside poured in.

They were all dead, deeply wounded.

And in walked a stern-looking middle-aged man.

"EpinHauser......?"

Saviolin Tana stared in disbelief at Eppinhauser as he slowly walked in, sword drawn.

Also.

-Snarl

As usual, steam gathered in the air, and this time a silver-haired girl appeared from the other side.

"Is she......?"

"!"

A silver-haired girl in the first year of Royal Class.

Olivia and Ellen couldn't help but squint at the sudden appearance of the girl.

Somehow.

Upon entering, a girl who was close to Reinhardt threw her hands in the air.

-Kwagagagak!

In an instant, countless spears of ice from the ceiling slammed into the ground, sealing off the path to nowhere.

"This is....... What......!"

That wasn't all.

Suddenly, Scarlett, who was beside Reinhardt, picked up the chair Reinhardt was tied to and sent it flying toward Effinghauser.

The flying demon widened his eyes.

"Sarke......sarke......?"

A red-haired girl, speaking in a foreign voice.

"You must survive, degradation."

Reinhardt gritted his teeth as his eyes locked with something that was scarlet but not scarlet.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

Eppinhauser grabbed the chair the demon was tied to and set it down, breaking the restraints with a few swipes of his sword, and shattering the cuffs with his bare hands.

"Teacher......?"

Reinhardt looks at him in disbelief.

"We don't have time to talk about a lot of things."

Still stunned by the lack of recognition, Effinghauser spilled the beans on how he got it back.

The silver sword in Effinghauser's hand burned with blue magic.

Swordmaster, says Epinhouser.

"Go, Reinhardt."

-Bang! Ka-kang! kang!

"Are you sure the order is......?"

"It has nothing to do with order."

With that, Effinghauser stood in front of Reinhardt.

Something unrelated to the order.

Reinhardt was even more appalled by Epinhauser's words. True to his nature, Effinghauser did not add anything ticklish.

Lucinil was already fending off the mages and knights attacking him.

Tana doesn't understand what's going on, but she's already lunging for the EpinHauser.

-Bang!

However, before Tana's charge could reach Eppinhauser, she was hit by someone else's charge and rolled to the ground.

"Loyaar......?"

A short, gray-haired woman, dressed in tattered rags, looks at the demon and says, "When did you get released?

"Degradation."

-Udup

"Right now, you just need to think about staying alive."

The demon gritted his teeth as he watched Loyar turn into a white wolf.

Chanapelle's No. 1.

The Crusader Commander and his immediate troops.

Power is still a disadvantage.

Whether or not the Devil intended this catastrophe, if, as the Devil says, it was planned by his minions, it was bound to happen eventually.

Whether the devil is good or evil is not a matter for judgment at this point.

The Empire had no choice but to withdraw its troops.

Therefore, the scheduled rescue operation has begun.

Saviolin Tana is not to be trifled with.

Perhaps the Emperor had left the strongest of mankind in this position, just in case something happened.

A knight of Shanapelle who fulfills his duty, must fulfill his duty.

She performs the command.

"Don't let the devil get away!"

At Tana's shout, they all start to move.

Behind Reinhardt, Eppinhauser and Lykanslof blocked the way.

The demon staggers to his feet.

The shackles are off.

He sees Sarkegar, a shape-shifter, flying around and attacking the wizards, Lucinil, a vaporous figure who appears from nowhere and attacks with magic, and Loyaar and Effinghauser, who fend off the charging knights.

Olivia's face is set, and she seems to know what she's doing.

-Thump!

Olivia Ranze, in full stride, runs like a bird toward Reinhardt.

Soon, Olivia Ranze, who had caught up to Reinhardt, grabbed his arm and slipped away.

Ellen Artorius watched this spectacle of disaster, chaos, and demonic escape unfold, taking no sides.



* * *



[Special Achievement 'Complete Cause and Effect']

[Earn 50,000 achievement points].

[Perk "Buy Status" is enabled].

[As of now, you can exchange 5,000 Achievement Points for 1 point of Status].



"Run. Run, Reinhard. You have to run."

Olivia grabs my hand and we run.

There's no time to waste.

Crying out that you don't have to do this to save me doesn't do any good.

I thought it was best to die.

I figured it would be best if I died so this wouldn't happen.

However, I didn't die.

In the midst of doubt and suspicion, people didn't kill me, or couldn't kill me.

My list of people who wanted to believe in me as much as those who doubted me and felt betrayed was clumsily lengthened, and this is what happened.

I tried to solve something by dying, but it didn't work out.

So this is what happened

I'm not going to die in despair, blaming it all on me.

I tried to prevent the worst with my death.

I tried to accomplish something with death.

However, I did not die when I should have.

Now, nothing can be accomplished by death.

So I'm not going to force myself to die.

Live.

Alive.

You don't know what you're going to do when you're alive.

But.

A life exchanged for many deaths.

If it's a life you're forced to trade for an immeasurable number of lives.

You can't give it away.

I cannot die for nothing, and waste the lives of countless others who will die for nothing.

Nor can I waste the lives that will die because of me.

I don't know if I'm frustrated, angry, or sad about the situation I'm in.

It can't be killed.

I need to stay alive and find something I can do.

I can't just flounder in despair and tell myself that I was useless, that I shouldn't have existed.

That was the case a little while ago, but not anymore.

What I saw was something I had never imagined, even when I imagined hell.

-currrrr

A crack had opened in the barrier surrounding the temple, and meteors were pouring through it, hitting the ground.

In the skies beyond the temple, unidentifiable flying beasts flitted about, spewing searing flames or terrifyingly white frost.

This was a catastrophe of a different order of magnitude than Raziern's demonic raids.

The world is ending.

The gate event happened even earlier than originally planned.

There's no point in regretting that nothing would have happened if you had stayed still.

You can't go back in time and wish you hadn't done anything.

You have to move forward.

You don't know what to do in front of it.

I have to live.

I run with Olivia.

Who will die in the fight and who will survive.

The knights of Shanapelle follow me, their bodies ravaged by years of imprisonment, but I must do what I can.

The concept of buying status with achievement points.

The most important ability is Horsepower.

The higher your Magic number, the more Magic enhancements will increase your overall physical abilities.

In other words, an increase in one stat has the added effect of increasing all of your other physical abilities. As such, horsepower is effectively the ultimate stat.

Invest achievement points in horsepower numbers.

In no time at all, the 10 percent increase in horsepower will take you from A-rank to S-rank in no time at all.

That's a lot of horsepower for an archmage.

For a few more points, you could have a monster with horsepower that would surpass even Savior Tana, but we'll hold off on that for now.

Then I'll be told that this filthy demon was hiding his power too.

I don't have time to think about that.

The instantaneous surge in hp revitalizes my tired body, along with the power boost. I may not be eating well, but my physical abilities are not compromised.

You need to leave the temple.

Even if you don't know what you're going to do when you get out there, you need to get out there.

But no matter how much horsepower I've gained, it's Shanapelle's knights, the Swordmasters, who are following me.

Soon, they catch up with me.

You don't know if you can win with a pincer attack or not.

Even if you use Alsbringer, you'll be outnumbered. Even if you fight with Olivia.

I'm going to be captured and killed.

As is?

Will all the sacrifices be for nothing?

Before me running like that.

In the streets of an abyssal temple.

As if in my path, someone was standing in my way.

-Woosh! Woosh! Kurrrrrr!

"Is she......?"

"Liana......."

Liana de Granz glared at me, blue sparks flying from her body.

Yes.

Now that you know I'm a demon, you can't forgive me.

Rather, I was wondering why it hadn't appeared sooner.

It seemed like a fait accompli, that Riana would block my way in order to kill me.

Blitz is instantaneous.

It's almost impossible to avoid.

Even at the height of her power, Riana's charge is unavoidable. Even if you manage to hold out with your enchanted shields, you'll be caught in the pursuit of the Shanapelle Knights.

Die, or be captured.

From her blitz I cannot escape.

And just like that, just as I was about to stop my desperate steps.

A bright blue light shot from Riana's outstretched hand in a fierce current.

-Quack! Quack!

As the shockwave tore through the atmosphere, Olivia and I froze.

A lightning bolt whizzed past my cheek.

Not me.

-Crack!

-Crack!

I fired at the knights of Shanapelle who were chasing me.

Olivia and I could only stare in disbelief as the knights were struck by the blast and either bounced off or writhed on the spot.

"What are you doing, asshole, why don't you get over here?!"

Riana exclaims, her face crumpling in anger.

a.

No way.

Did I know that?

Since when?

How?

As Olivia and I approached, Riana wordlessly began to rally the troops.

-Kurung! kurrrrr! Kurrrrr!

Dozens of sparks flashed in the air, and in an instant, a massive lightning bolt struck the fallen knights, creating a storm of lightning around them.

-Crack!

The lights exploded, and the bricks on the ground exploded.

The intense light destroyed objects and struck the fallen knights relentlessly.

The fierce, uncontrolled glow that radiated in all directions from his rage said it all.

Riana knows it all.





448





A few days ago.

After breakfast, Herriot was taken to Riana's room and told a shocking story.

"Reinhardt is....... not?"

"Uh."

The Demon's Raid on Raziern, where Duke Granz was killed.

It hadn't been caused by a demonic attack, and she knew Reinhardt hadn't planned it.

"I found out a while ago, too. It was so weird to say the least, I think my mom kept looking into it."

"So you did....... Then....... What happened?"

"It was the Empire that killed my father."

"......what?"

Riana's mother, Duchess Yelena de Granz, was not on good terms with her husband, but she was not immune to the shock of his death.

Why the devil did it.

Why she had to die in that place, why her husband had to die.

The Duchess of Granz could not help but know her husband's proclivities and his character better than anyone else.

After a long and drawn-out investigation of her own, she found out.

What my husband has been doing.

Who, where, and what they were doing when they died.

Thus, we see that the devil had no reason to do such a thing.

Why the Empire is so unenthusiastic about investigating the case.

The circumstances made Duchess Yelena de Granz realize that this was an imperial stunt.

Then he told his daughter, who had gone mad with revenge against the demon.

The real enemy is not the devil, but the empire.

The Empire has killed Duke Granz and blamed it on the Devil.

There was nothing Riana could do.

While the devil is an opaque and powerful enemy, the empire is a clear and overwhelming enemy.

The prince and princess were classmates, and she could lay her hands on them, but Riana didn't want to settle for that.

I want to bring down an empire.

I wanted to kill my father, to peel back the thick veneer of empire from his impassive face at the funeral.

First, you need to build up your strength.

His own power is a force, but he must align himself with a force that can bring down an empire, or so he thought.

Then we learned that Reinhardt was the devil.

Shocking facts aside, Riana sees possibilities.

Together, you may be able to bring down an empire.

Reinhardt is about to die.

"I'm going to save Reinhardt at all costs."

When the demon dies, so does the possibility of empire collapse.

So instead of being shocked by the facts at hand, Riana focused on the first thing she needed to do to get revenge.

"Harriet, what are you going to do?"

Herriot was stunned by Liana's words.

That was the most incomprehensible and sad thing the devil had ever done.

The death of Duke Granz in the Raziern raid.

Even if he did have a reason, why did he have to kill Riana's father, even if it was a good reason, could he even understand it?

That's what Herriot was thinking.

But that was the Empire's own doing, and while we don't know what happened to the demonic raids that followed, we can be sure of at least one thing.

Reinhard has nothing to do with the death of Riana's father, Duke Granz.

If anything, they're being framed.

I didn't have a lot of time.

There is no telling when Reinhardt will be killed by the Empire.

I wanted to believe Reinhardt.

You don't need a lot of evidence to convince you of something you want to believe.

"I don't know how to do this, but......."

I believe because I want to believe.

I don't know how to do that, or if it's even possible.

It's just the two of you, you don't know what to do, and if you fail, you die.

"Me too, let's do it together."

Knowing it was an irreversible decision, Herriot decided to save Reinhardt.



* * *



And now.

Herriot and Riana's time was short, but they had a plan.

But when meteors begin raining down from the sky and the cries of an unidentified monster are heard outside the temple, they realize that something bad is happening.

I had to choose.

I wonder if this is because Reinhard is a really evil demon.

Should we trust Reinhardt despite this happening.

Liana chose the latter because she wanted revenge, and Herriot chose the former because he still believed Reinhardt was innocent.

Reinhardt, who had somehow managed to escape despite all his plans falling apart, joined Riana with Olivia Ranze.

Now that all of our plans had fallen apart, we had to improvise and react to every situation.

-Koooow!

A meteor slammed into the barrier above the Temple, sending a massive shockwave that shook the ground.

The pursuers are down, exposed to Riana's blast, but not dead.

He was still squirming and trying to get up somehow.

Herriot stretched out his hand, and the ground began to lift as if torn from beneath him, raining down on the knights of Shanapelle.

-Currrrrr!

In an instant, the knights were buried in the vomit, as if covered by a rocky mountain.

Bursting out of the alley, Herriot rushed over to Reinhardt, who didn't understand this sudden outburst from Liana and Herriot, and grabbed his hand.

"I don't know what's going on, but....... I don't know, but......."

Herriot was sobbing, both because the situation had gotten out of hand and because this was a living hell.

I believe in Reinhardt.

And from this moment on, you must part ways with everyone except those who are here at this moment in time.

Father.

Mother too.

Brothers.

Classmates.

She renounced her title as Grand Duchess of Saint-Thuan.

Leaving behind everything they had, everything they should have, everything they knew.

I'm betting on one thing: I believe in Reinhardt.

"I will....... I will believe you......."

He doesn't know if it's worth it or if he should be doing this.

"You were trying to save everyone. None of this happened....... that you didn't mean to do....... I'll believe that......."

I decided to take Reinhardt at his word that he wanted to save everyone.

So at a time when so many people were turning away from Reinhardt, Herriot decided to stand by him, hoping that she could be his strength.

"Let's go, Reinhardt."

Olivia leads the way.

Shanapelle's Swordmasters, buried in the rubble, could be heard breaking through the stone.

The real monsters are the humans.

Even when the world deserves to end, humans conquer the monsters and build civilization once again.

They deserve to be called monsters.

-Thump! Thump!

Humans are strong.

More than anything else in the world.

More than any other race.

Humans are the most frightening, humans are the strongest.



* * *



Temple fared better.

"Hey, but you, what the hell is going on, we had an idea, but now that things are like this, what the hell is......!"

Riana asked me, looking up at the meteor shower in the sky.

"Later, later!"

But I didn't have time for a conversation right now.

Meteors are raining down, but the temple's barriers are catching most of them, and students are running away screaming, but there are no monsters on the loose like outside the temple.

The knights of Chanapelle were after us again.

"Sis, pick me up!"

"Ace! Okay!"

Riana was the fittest, so Olivia nervously carried her along for the ride.

-Bang! Quack!

The Imperial Mages were casting offensive spells against us, but Herriot was able to deal with them.

If you run away, where.

Where to go and what to do.

I'm the devil.

Olivia, Riana, and Harriet will never be able to return to the world of humans again.

I couldn't help but think about it, even when I wasn't thinking about the future.

How the hell am I supposed to be responsible for them?

The good news is that all the combat-capable troops were outside the temple.

Since we couldn't climb over the collapsed building, we had to navigate around the blockage in real time, with Riana stopping the Swordmasters in their tracks and Herriot putting up a barrier there once again.

"@AndreaMcGee....... ......."

Herriot eventually reached the limit of his physical abilities, and it seemed like his body was starting to take a toll.

You only need to cross the temple gate.

You need to get over it, teleport away, and get somewhere.

If you encounter any of the Council's Lord Vampires outside the Temple, you will be able to escape the ecliptic via mass teleportation.

Will Sarkozy, Roussinil, Loyard, and Effinghauser be safe?

Obviously, this gate situation had to be caused by Elise.

I wonder if Eleris will be okay.

What was I thinking when I went live with Akasha, and how do I feel about it now?

All I could think about was the horrible things that had happened.

He somehow managed to fend off the pursuit and reach the main entrance to the temple.

We just need to break through that door.

I could see Ellen in front of him, wearing a cloak of flame and a saccharine sword.

"......."

Ellen Artorius was blocking the way for the four of us.

It's as if you're trying to be the head of the floodgates.

Ellen was blocking our path.

We don't know what path they took to get ahead of us.

However, Ellen stood in our way.

First and foremost, that sword.

I think it's lime, but it's a different kind of black than I've ever seen before.

"Get out of the way. Are you going to be the last one standing?"

Olivia grits her teeth and glares at Ellen.

Riana bit her lip and looked at Ellen.

In this moment, we all felt it.

No matter what the four of us do, we can't get past Ellen Artorius.

It was almost an instinctive gut reaction.

The magical enhancement around Ellen's body felt completely different than it did now.

How and when did Ellen become a Swordmaster?

But it was clear that if Ellen, clutching her blackened ramen, tried to stop us, none of us would be able to take her on.

Ellen's sword is stronger than Olivia's.

The Sun God's cloak will block Riana's charge.

Not even Herriot's magic would be able to penetrate Ellen's defenses.

Ellen has two-way resistance, so my words will not work.

Ellen looks at me with a calm expression.

Ellen, wearing the cloak of a sun god and a dark sword that looks like it's stolen a strand of night, looks at me and asks.

"Reinhardt. Answer me one question."

"......Say."

Ellen takes a deep breath and looks at me.

"What, you didn't get it?"

At those words, I felt a shiver run down my spine.

"You should have gotten it."

The other three don't know what you're talking about.

Only I know.

Rapelt, the cloak of the sun god.

Why didn't I get that?

"You should have gotten it, obviously."

If you're the devil, and you've been using me all this time.

I shouldn't have passed up the chance to have three holy relics.

That seemed to be Ellen's last question.

On this hellish map, where my minions are trying to destroy the world to save me, and meteors are falling on my temple.

When I'm pretty sure it was my men who caused it.

For the last time, Ellen seemed to try to believe me.

The four of us must leave the temple.

Probably, it won't come back.

I look at the transformed laments.

A sword forged in tears.

In his grief, Ramen has come to embrace an unidentified power.

It's a sword that looks like it can cut through anything.

If grief makes Ellen stronger.

If that's what it takes to survive this hell, this catastrophe of waking up too early.

Ellen wonders if she should be sad all the time.

No, beyond that sadness.

You should be able to hate me so much that you can use the true power of the Sun God's cloak, which is manifested in hatred.

If yes.

Should I deliberately lie to Ellen?

"I am......."

"No."

I started to say something. Ellen shook her head.

"Just, I don't want to hear it."

Ellen sees me.

"Again, I think you're trying to lie."

Ellen shakes her head, as if to say that she won't listen if it's too painful to hear.

"If that's the case, I'm not listening."

Ellen sees me.

No, his gaze was a little further away than that.

I looked behind me and saw the Swordmasters of Shanapelle closing in on me.

"Go, Reinhard."

Inflection points in history.

The inflection point in history that occurred when I didn't take the rappel. I could see it clearly now.

I should have been dead by now.

If you were given a lapel by Ellen.

I would be dead now, at Ellen's hands.

The fact that I didn't accept the lapel remained the last doubt in Ellen's mind.

It remained as something of a last hope.

Now, instead of killing me, it made me make a different choice.

When it was clear that my men had caused the catastrophe that brought the world to its knees, I made the choice to save the source, not kill it.

Ellen rushes past me, blocking the knights of Shanapelle from pursuing me.

"You....... What are you going to do......."

"It's okay."

Ellen stood in the way of the knights, gripping her sword.

"I'm not going to kill you, no one."

Against the Swordmasters of Shanapelle, Ellen says she won't die, but she won't kill them either.

As such, Ellen seemed to believe she could take them all down.

"So, go."

Will we ever meet again.

Is it possible.

If we meet again.

I wonder if it will ever be the same.

"From start to finish. It's all my fault."

I'm regretting it.

If you trusted me, if we had talked a little earlier, or before it all came to this.

This wouldn't have happened, or so I thought.

"I'm sorry I didn't believe you."

Just like I think that if I hadn't done anything, the gate wouldn't have happened.

Ellen says that if she hadn't done anything, none of this would have happened, and if she had trusted me, none of this would have happened.

He seemed to have the same kind of thoughts as me.

Finally, Ellen looks back at me.

Not just me, but Olivia, Riana, and Harriet.

Look at everyone once.

Even in this situation, I see people who believe in me and want to follow me.

Seeing others who have done something before you that you haven't.

"I am....... I don't deserve to like you."

They didn't believe me when it mattered most.

So here's what happened.

So Ellen seemed to have decided that I shouldn't even be allowed to have a heart.

With those words, Ellen sprints off toward the pursuing knights of Shanapelle.

We're leaving.

Ellen stays here, trying to stop the pursuit of me.

Live.

Me, too.

When and where we'll meet again, and under what circumstances, I don't know.

Even if a future where we point knives at each other is the only future we have left.

Until then, let's hope we don't kill each other.

I ran toward the entrance of the temple.





Episode 449.





I had the wrong idea.

I'm not lying to you.

I didn't do it for the sake of knowing, for the sake of deception, for the sake of revenge.

They knew and loved it.

He knew it all and was generous.

Someone who can't help but hate me.

Who's weird for not killing me on the spot.

He liked me.

That simple thought, that simple answer.

He must have liked Reinhardt more than Reinhardt liked him.

It's one thing to like your classmates, it's another to like your enemy's family.

I liked someone I couldn't like, and I couldn't believe it.

When it matters most, only once.

I just needed to trust you.

It doesn't, and the world is about to end.

It's all your fault.

It was caused by the Demon King's minions, who possessed a strange artifact called Akasha.

But Reinhardt didn't want this to happen.

If Reinhardt hadn't been caught.

Unless there's an extreme situation where the Devil's minions have to make this happen to save Reinhardt.

This didn't happen.

If yes.

In the end, you're the one who brought this on yourself by not trusting Reinhardt when it mattered most.

In the end, you're the one who caused this, not the devil.

Because.

It's all your fault.

It was a difference of just one day.

The clue was at hand, and Reinhardt was not on the ecliptic at the time.

If you held out for a day.

If you had waited a day and asked Reinhardt everything first.

This didn't happen.

Because.

This is all your own fault.

The accumulation of misconceptions and lies had become so tangled that I didn't know what to believe, and time dragged on and on.

One day of miscommunication and mistrust led to all of this.

That broke everything.

Riana, Olivia, and Harriet were willing to trust Reinhardt in this situation.

I didn't believe it myself.

If the world ends.

Your biggest responsibility is to yourself, not to the devil's minions.

Ellen thinks so.

I don't know what Reinhardt's dream was, but I don't deserve to like him any more than he deserves to like me, because I'm the one who decisively destroyed it.

The sinner of the world.

I am a sinner to Reinhard.

I.

We must take responsibility for this situation.

By death, or something else.

Ellen Artorius must be held accountable.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

"Ellen, what do you think you're doing!"

In front of the knights of Shanapelle, Ellen broke the third sword, as if to say that she would not let anyone leave the Temple.

The Swordmasters of Shanapelle were horrified to see Ellen Artorius wielding a Voidblade that could shatter and cut through an Auror blade at the mere touch.

"Back off, I don't want to hurt you."

"If you keep this up, you'll lose the Demon to....... You'll lose him!"

"Don't miss it, because I'm telling you to."

Even with five Swordmasters, Ellen had a feeling that if he crossed the line she had set for him, she'd blow his head off with her Voidblade, not his sword.

Ellen's skills are impressive, but the power of the Voidblade Ramen is such that even Swordmasters struggle with its absolute cutting power.

Combined with the Sun God's holy relic, Ellen's defenses did not allow the Swordmasters to attack in the slightest.

The knights of Shanapelle begin to retreat.

-keeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

Through the broken barrier, flying monsters begin to enter the temple.

"We're not chasing demons, we're killing monsters."

The world might end because you can't trust your crush.

Ellen Artorius became the protagonist of that ridiculous situation.

How responsible would you be if the world ended?

Probably.

It might be all you have.

I'm not supposed to like Reinhardt anymore, I'm not supposed to be like that.

Now that she has made up her mind, Ellen must do something else. She can't allow herself to help Reinhardt. That's for the people who believe in Reinhard.

There's no place for me there.

Because you don't deserve it.

So you should be doing something else.

The only other thing you can do.

Taking responsibility for the situation.

A world that's falling apart because of you, and you have to hold it together.

You must protect a world that may be doomed.

I know that can't be atonement.

There's nothing else you can do about it.

Earn Reinhardt's trust again, build a relationship with him again.

I shouldn't want that.

That's what Ellen thought.



* * *



I thought I was in for an even more abysmal experience outside the temple gates than inside.

However, the situation wasn't as dire as I thought it would be.

-currr

The massive warp gate in front of the Temple Gate had already been destroyed.

The temple was home to some of humanity's most powerful forces, so they had to act fast.

Normally, the archmages of Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages are sent on missions across the continent. But now, due to my presence, they were gathered in the ecliptic.

Monsters are on the loose, the streets are littered with corpses and collapsed buildings, and people are running screaming.

However, the entire ecliptic did not appear to be in danger of collapse.

The flying monsters were constantly being shot down by lightning bolts, fireballs, or unidentified magic from the ground.

The Emperor chose to drastically reduce the number of troops on my side and deal with the catastrophe in the ecliptic.

It also seemed to understand and accept my point that we need to break the very large warp gates first.

While it's nice to see less damage on the ecliptic, it also means that provincial strongholds will suffer more because of the influx of troops.

An empire can't be in every field, every place.

As the ecliptic quickly stabilizes, the damage across the continent will be even greater.

And it's not in my best interest for the chaos of the ecliptic to stabilize quickly.

We must escape the ecliptic.

Fortunately, the guards, as well as the elite of the Empire and the Crusaders, were busy dealing with the situation, and the area around the monster-free Temple Gate was quiet, though there were signs of destruction.

-curl!

A crack appeared in the air, from which a woman with auburn hair soon emerged.

"Degradation!"

Elise appeared and hugged me fiercely.

"Are you okay?"

"......."

She bit her lip, unable to find the words to express her concern.

Elise did what only she can do: she fired up Akasha.

Without causing this level of chaos, there would be no way our overstretched forces could save me.

And as if that weren't enough, I wouldn't have gotten out the front door of the Temple without the unexpected help of Olivia, Harriet, Liana, and Ellen.

"First, you need to leave."

Eleris said, her eyes trembling, as if her own heart or thoughts were not worth speaking of.

Everyone was a little wary of Elise because they didn't know who she was.

"That person is......?"

But as far as Herriot was concerned, I had seen Eleris. The one I was supporting at Richie's grave.

I look at Harriet and say, "Because the person who lent me so much magic is here again.

"I don't have time to go into details, I'll talk to you after we get out of here, whatever."

At my words, Harriet nodded with a stony expression.

-Kaaaaaah!

-Grrrrrr!

The cries of nameless monsters filled the air.

-Ahhhhhh!

-God's judgment has fallen!

The cries of people driven mad by fear echoed everywhere.

"South of the ecliptic, Galarsh and Leruen are casting mass teleport and waiting, if you can make it that far......."

How much did it run.

Some of the articles that seemed to be scrambling to deal with the monsters found us.

"Scotra Kelton......."

We ran into Scotra Kelton's unit, the leader of Shanapelle's 3rd Battalion.

He was there during the interrogation just now.

Can we break through the knights of Shanapelle, even if they include Elise?

Seeing the look on their faces, Elise opened her arms to wrap around us and bite us back.

Scotra Kelton stares at us.

The demon has escaped.

As a knight of Shanapelle, he would have been obligated to prevent our escape.

The knights, including the Swordmaster, slowly make their way toward us.

"Jae-hyun, I'm......."

"Shut up."

What Elise is trying to do.

I know what I want.

"Don't try to find a grave in front of me."

It's pretty obvious what Elise wants.

We can't just let them die.

Although she's not actually my mother.

Ever since I came to this world, Eleris has been like a mother to me.

Just because a bean fails.

Just because the wind is down.

I opened the gates of destruction with my own hands.

I have no intention of letting them rest in death.

You have to live a little longer.

Like I could have solved everything by doing nothing, but I didn't know that and ended up creating this crazy situation.

As if to force myself to live this life that I would nevertheless trade for countless others.

Elyse must live, too.

You're alive and you have to do something.

Even if you can't pay for your sins, it would be cowardly to try to escape it all with death.

You can't pay for your sins with death.

I had no intention of letting Elise find a place to die.

Watching the upcoming Swordmasters, including Scotra Kelton.

Hold the flame of the day.

"I said it's something that responds to dark emotions."

It is an inauspicious object that reacts more intensely to killing, hatred, and anger, Eleris said as she handed me the flame.

This emotion I'm feeling right now must be a dark one.

No, it's more like the abyss itself than the darkness.

Despair, anger, and pain.

The compulsion to live nonetheless.

I must live in despair in the midst of destruction, not knowing what to do with the position I have created.

I don't even know what I'm feeling right now, only that it's darker than anything I've ever felt in my life.

I hold the flame of the day.

Capturing the power of self-suggestion.

With the power of words.

A spark of hope, representing my despair at the moment.

To the Essence of the Flame.

"Burn."

command.

-Crunch!

"Boom!"

"This is....... What!"

A great barrier of flame rose between the Swordmaster and us, threatening to melt the world.

Where the barrier of flame had risen, the earth melted into lava.

"Let's go."

A barrier of flames stands between me and my enemies.

We ran south.



* * *



The Zodiacal Gradient's vigilance was broken.

We were able to cope with the monsters pouring through the warp gate, but we didn't have the resources to catch a demon running to escape the middle of the ecliptic.

Scotra Kelton's troops were eventually forced to stop chasing demons and focus on taking out the monsters that were slaughtering civilians.

In exchange for finding the demon.

The price humanity paid for not believing in the Devil was bitter.

-currrrr

The collapsed General Headquarters building, the remains of the Great Hall.

Saviolin Tana was stymied by Effinghauser and Loyard.

Effinghauser, Loyard, Sarkozy, and Roussinil.

They paid the price for stalling.

Lucinil was incapacitated, his limbs bound in magical chains, Sarkegar, whose shapeshifting abilities annoyed everyone, was bound in a spatial bond, and Loyaar was groaning in his human form with blood all over his body.

And.

Savior Tana watched as Eppinhauser lay bleeding in the rubble of a collapsed building, a tempesta lodged in his abdomen.

"Why."

Saviolin Tana's voice was shaking.

"Why did you have to do this, Effinghauser?"

As far as she knew, Effinghauser was a patriot. More than anyone else, he loved the Empire and wanted to protect it.

After joining Shanapelle and being active in the organization, at some point he decided that he wanted to help train his successor, so he became a teacher in the Temple Royal class instead of Shanapelle.

Having seen Epinhauser up close, Saviolin Tana was convinced of his sincerity.

Then he sided with the devil.

Demonic forces can do that. They are demons.

But it was incomprehensible to Saviolin Tana that Effinghauser, who was human and loved the Empire more than anyone else, would make such a choice.

She was the one who struck the blow, but she was also the one who felt the most confused.

"Why did you do this, when you were on the side of the Empire more than anyone else?"

"......."

Effinghauser wipes the blood from his forehead and looks up at Savior Tana.

"He also....... More than anyone else....... of the Empire....... was on the side of humanity......."

"......The king?"

Effinghauser nodded wordlessly.

The words that the Devil did not wish for destruction, Saviolin Tana could not yet fully accept.

After all, it was the beginning of a catastrophe that threatened to end the world. No matter how much you say the devil taught you the solution, it's not true.

But Epinhauser was Reinhardt's teacher.

At least, he'd been watching Reinhardt longer than she had.

"No way, did you already know that Reinhardt was a demon?"

"......."

Epinhauser didn't answer.

We're not the kind of people who make things up as we go along.

The fact that he was able to do something so incomprehensible must have been due to his own conviction and willpower.

He even stood up to the strongest man in the world, Saviolin Tana, even though he knew he would die.

He would not have dug his grave in a meaningless place.

As he lies bleeding to death, Effinghauser gives a subtle smile.

"And......."

She's seen a lot of Effinghauser, but this was the first time she'd seen him laugh.

"The teacher is....... seeking disciples is......."

The junior, who always made a grim impression, dies a slow death.

He says, dying.

"Would it be so....... that special......."

As if you only did things because you had to.

Saviolin Tana watched Epinhauser's breath catch in his throat, until the end.

"......."

Lately, she's been having doubts about everything she's built.

Reinhardt.

Demon.

Humans who believe in demons, who follow demons, even though they are demons.

There are those who believe in and love the devil even though they shouldn't.

The many forms and facets of the demon she had seen.

While watching the demon say that he didn't want destruction, that he wanted to save the humans.

If he wanted to divide the humans, he should have said that the Demon's attack on Raziern was an act of the Empire, but he never mentioned it.

And, in a situation where it's almost certain that if you really believed the devil, this wouldn't have happened.

"And now....... I don't know anything."

Saviolin Tana felt lost.





Episode 450.





A gate event is an outpouring of monsters from a warp gate.

A gate outbreak must be well underway before the monster spreads to the outlying areas. Unless it's been a while since the outbreak, towns outside of the city center or without even a warp gate will be rather peaceful.

And even if it's small, it has to be city-sized to have a warp gate.

In the early stages of the outbreak, the most dangerous places are large cities along the ecliptic.

With Eleris' guidance, my party made it to the location of Galarsh and Leruen, who were casting Mass Teleport, and we were able to reach a forested area very far from the ecliptic.

Antirrhinus doesn't know what he's doing.

However, we've arrived in a tranquil green forest that has nothing to do with the catastrophic events unfolding on the ecliptic.

Me, Olivia, Riana, Herriot, Elise, Lerouen, and Galash.

The three who came to my rescue turned white at the sight of the long-eared Leruen and the orcish vampire Galarsh.

"You....... Are you real......."

Riana froze and pointed a finger at me.

"Now you're going to say, 'Oh, you're the devil, and you knew it, didn't you?"

"No....... Yes, but......."

Riana stared blankly at the gray, hulking orc vampire.

"Elf....... You were there......."

Herriot was staring at Lerouen with his mouth open in a different way.

I didn't think I'd make it out alive, but I did make it out of the ecliptic.

We're in a tranquil, peaceful landscape in the woods with the chirping of nameless birds, but it's not really peaceful.

Monsters will be spewing out of warp gates all over the ecliptic and the world, and many cities will be wiped out before they can do anything about it.

And the annexed cities of the doomed city would meet the same fate as the spreading monsters.

Even though she was trying to save me, Eleris couldn't even keep her head up when she was the one who caused it.

Efforts to prevent gating caused gating.

But you can't be tied down by that sense of hopelessness.

I look at the people in this room.

After all, they're the ones who trusted me to be here. First, I had to explain everything to them.

"Okay, since we're new, let's start with an introduction: these are my allies, ancient vampire lords who are older than most countries."

Tuesday's Elise.

Thursday's Lerouen.

Friday's Galash.

All three panicked at the unheard of sound of a road vampire.

"That....... It's daytime now, right......?"

"That's right......."

"Just do it."

I didn't have time to explain what a load vampire is.

"And not here, but....... You know, Lucinil, who used to be close to me."

"Yes."

"...... Why?"

"Oh....... Come to think of it, I just realized that he was......."

Olivia looked at Lucinil, who had appeared out of nowhere.

"Lucinil is....... One of the Lord Vampires who infiltrated the Temple."

Will Lucinil be okay.

Even as I spoke, I couldn't help but feel a flutter in my heart.



* * *



Everyone was stunned when they heard who Rusinil was, but they didn't give him enough time to explain himself.

There was just too much to explain.

I told the best story I could, assuming you all believe me without question.

Just like we did with Elise.

That he remembers from the day the demon was killed by the warrior.

We knew the gate was going to happen, and we knew the future to some extent.

That we've done everything up to this point to prevent that gate from happening.

Tracking down Akasha and Cantus Magna.

How I found out who Akasha was, and how it all went downhill just as I was about to spill the beans.

So much so that my men caused a gate incident to save me, which is why I'm where I am today.

Eleris already knew the story, but the three Temples, as well as Galarsh and Leruen, were wide-eyed when they heard what I had to say.

"So I'm trying to prevent a gate from happening, but I'm directly causing it to happen."

I don't know the look on my face when I said that.

Olivia and Harriet, however, were biting their lips.

Eleris was the one who caused the gate, and she was too guilty to say anything.

It's pretty obvious.

It would have been impossible to resist the impulses of Sarkozy or Antony.

Of course, that doesn't make Elise's sins go away.

"Anyway, we can't just sit back and do nothing because this is how things have gotten to this point. We have to do something."

It's ridiculous that I'm the one who caused the gate debacle and now I'm around to clean up the mess.

But why not?

My life is exchanged for the lives of tens or hundreds of millions of others. Even if I didn't ask for it, it's already happened.

So even if it's just one.

Isn't it my duty to save even one life that will die because of me?

Antirrhinus wants me to crumble in despair, but I have no intention of doing so.

I thought I was going to save everyone.

I knew I couldn't save everyone, but I tried.

And in the end, I was the one who caused the situation that got everyone killed.

When you do.

You put me in that situation.

Did you think I was going to fall down?

Did you think I was going to fall apart?

Did you think you'd never get back up?

If I could die and save everyone, I would.

However, my death now does not create anything more than nothingness.

What I can do in death is gone, so I'll do what I can do in life.

Since I cannot find meaning in death, I will find meaning in life.

I'm not a strong person, but I did a lot of thinking while I was being held.

In my despair, I hoped that my death would be the end of it all.

But I didn't die.

I survived, had to watch the gate happen, and was thrown back out into the world.

The world wants me to fall apart.

Whether it's out of spite, resentment, or bitterness.

You can't go down without a fight.

I don't want to be the guy who wakes up in the middle of the continent after the Gate debacle, stunned, thinking I did it all wrong.

If you have to be strong, be strong.

I don't know what the line is in this situation.

It would be evil to fall and not get up.

You wanted good, but you couldn't make it happen.

At least I'll avoid evil.

You've decided to stay away from evil.

Unbreakable.

You can't sit back.

I have to do what I can.

"Reinhardt....... You have to save the humans? Why?"

Olivia said.

They don't believe you, they'll only hate you, and when they find out, they'll say the devil was the cause of everything and everyone will hate me.

Olivia didn't seem to understand what I was saying when I asked her why we should save them.

"Because I, the world, made it that way."

This is a world I've created, and people have fallen victim to the absurdities I've created.

If only that were a reality.

It's where that imagination became reality.

Try to solve the absurdity you created, and get hit with an even worse absurdity.

I was thrown into that situation.

It's a world of my own making, an absurdity of my own making.

So I have to fix it.

They don't understand what I mean.

It's okay if you don't understand it.

Do what you can in a given situation.

Even when I didn't know what caused the gate, I did what I could given the circumstances.

The result was the gate crisis.

I still do what I can, given the circumstances.

Other than that, there's nothing.

"I have to calm this down somehow."

"I don't think I can do everything by myself, because what I can do by myself is very limited and probably not worth it in the grand scheme of things."

"I'm going to do what I can, and it's probably not going to mean much by myself, so I'm going to need a lot of people."

"You don't have to cooperate with me, and if you don't believe in what I'm doing, you don't have to do anything, but I'm going to be somewhat accountable to the people who trusted me and came this far. At least a place where we can be safe. I'll make that happen."

"And I'm trying to do something I can't do alone, so it's going to have to be a 'we' instead of a 'me'."

"We've got to get a place where we can be safe, we've got to create our own faction, we've got to create people who follow us, we've got to grow our power....... We're going to have to do those things....... So......."

A gate event has occurred.

Therefore, I can no longer be content to work alone or with a small group of people to solve this problem.

"I will rebuild the Darklands."

That's why I can't help but dream of rebuilding the Darklands.

I.

It's only now, after all this time, when everything is broken.

He realized that he shouldn't just be a prince of the ruins, he should be the king of a rebuilt Darklands.



* * *



Rebuild the Demon Realm to calm the gate situation. If I go in alone, I'll only be able to break a few gates, and I'm pretty sure I'll die a self-destructive death.

I am stronger than most humans, but I have my limits.

It doesn't matter if I'm a Swordmaster or a Grandmaster.

Even if the Swordmasters are superhuman, can they save the world?

Through the power of those who follow me, we will save villages, tribes, and cities, and bring about a complete end to the Gate Crisis.

So I'd rather use my political power, my influence, than my strength.

"I haven't thought about who will follow me or how I'll form my faction yet, but I'll start with......."

"I know."

I was about to say something, but Olivia interrupted.

"What?"

"Someone on your side, someone who will listen. No, people."

I thought I knew what Olivia was talking about.

"If it's the Five Great Lords....... I'm pretty sure he'd try to deny it, even if I had the holy relic, since I'm the one responsible for the gate?"

"No, not you."

Olivia shook her head vigorously.

"Magickal."

a.

Suddenly, a proposition popped into my head that I had forgotten because of all that had happened.

Demonology.

"I know where the cultists are, and I know where they are."

No, really, when?

"The Satanists think you should be dead, not just faking it. I've seen it all."

Olivia went on to tell me in detail that the ruined cities of the Gelkhorgir Desert were the strongholds of the Demon Cult, and that she had already mapped out all of their locations.

Originally, I thought they were going to be my enemies, so I mobilized the Crusaders to hunt them down, but before I could report to the Crusaders, they were captured by the Knights of Shanapelle.

Magickal.

They're dangerous, but right now I need a force.

I need strength more than anything. The demigods, who worship me even though I don't want them to, and who will take my word for it, are a force to be reckoned with at this point.

This happened because of bad timing.

If the timing was off, the Demon Cultists would have already been wiped out by the Crusaders.

This juxtaposition is both terrible for me and good for me at some points.

Herriot and Riana didn't understand how Olivia could have gotten that information.

They don't know that Olivia has access to demonic powers.

It would be easy to gain the trust of the Demonists just by dealing with demonic powers, so reaching them would be the easiest thing for Olivia to do.

"Okay....... Well, I guess it's important that we get the Satanists under control first......."

It was also very important for me to have the Demon Gods in my faction.

And the Gelkorgis Desert is uninhabited; there are no warp gates there, so it's not affected by the gate crisis, and probably doesn't even know it's happening on the continent.

-Foodie!

Out of nowhere, a swarm of bats began to fly from one side of the forest. Herriot pointed at it, his face white.

"Hey, what's that......?"

"Don't be a dick."

Soon, it coalesced in front of us and took the form of an old man in a black suit, bowler hat, and cane.

Antirrhinus looks at me, removes his hat, and bows his head deeply.

"I see a great being."

Antirrhinus smiled and put his hat back on his head, as if he was not amused by the situation.

Yes.

I'm going to love the fact that I've arrived at the answer to everything and now I've made a mess of things.

"That old man is Antony of Toyo, the last of the Lord Vampires I told you about. He's insane, so don't befriend him."

"Heh heh. You're being harsh."

In the face of my tirade, Antirrhinus only smirked.

I think that's a lot of information for these three to take in, and I don't have time to explain it to them right now anyway.

"The Lord of Demand and Sarkegar have been captured, and Lord Loyaar and Effinghauser are dead."

Antirrhinus came with a message.

Dr. Effinghauser and Loyard are dead.

"Seo, the teacher said....... Why?"

"Our teacher?"

Liana and Harriet both went white at the mention of Dr. Effinghauser's death.

I don't know why.

Dr. Effinghauser tried to save me and said it was not the Order's will.

Dr. Effinghauser betrayed the Order, tried to save me, and died.

And Loyardo is dead.

I doubt the Rotary Club will survive.

What happened to Adriana.

Some survived, but too many were dead or in doubt.

"......."

The pressure and hopelessness of the situation was overwhelming.

Why Dr. Effinghauser died for me.

I want to think about Loyard and the deaths of the club members, but I don't have time to dwell on it.

I didn't know what a king was, and I never thought I wanted to be one.

I had no intention of answering Sarkegar's desire for me to be king.

However, I decided to be a king.

A king is not a place for a man who is saddened and depressed by such things, who shrinks into a corner and sinks into despair.

What happens is what happens.

Who loved me, how much I loved someone.

What were the memories I had with them, what they meant to me.

Rather than reminiscing about it, we should be embracing the future.

So you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner until everything is fine.

You end up forgetting.

A being who ended up not knowing what to remember, who to remember, or what to grieve.

That would be the king.

Loyaar is dead.

Effinghauser is dead.

However.

Rusinil and Sarkegar were captured.

It's still alive.

Put aside your grief for the dead.

Though I don't know when I'll be able to grieve it.

Since I cannot reverse death, I must slow the death of my people, those who are still alive.

"Antirrhinus, can you deliver a scorpion to the empire?"

"I think that's about as good as it gets."

I must be the one who holds the future.

You can't live in the past.

"Tell them we're going to deal with the gate situation on our own terms, and that we have no intention of fighting the humans."

The Gate debacle has already happened.

"But if you kill Lucinil and Sarkegar, they are permanent enemies from that moment on."

This is no joke.

"Tell him that."

You can't bring down an empire as usual.

"I'm sure you don't realize that I could do that if I wanted to, having absorbed the powers of Satanism."

But if I were to absorb the power of the demonic religion as I am now, I could bring down humanity, not the empire.

The Empire might be too stupid to realize it. So they might kill Lucinil and Sarkegar.

If that happens, I will crush the empire and build a new one on its ruins.

There's no such thing as a human master of humanity.

"Hmph, hmph, hmph....... By all means, I will pass it on, great one......."

I narrowed my eyes at Antrianus, who smirked, as if he found my words and decision so amusing.

This is the kind of inspiration that would have pushed Elise over the edge.

"If you paraphrase it, it won't be funny."

At my words, Antirrhinus shook his head repeatedly.

"Hehe....... Why would I pursue such a frivolous pursuit?"

Yes.

I believe in Antigone's quote about not playing around unless it's extreme fun.

-Tap!

-Foodie!

Everyone is looking at Antirrhinus ominously as he flies away, transformed into a swarm of bats.

He warns the Empire that if they dare to threaten Sarkegar and Lucinil's safety, they could be in real trouble.

The Empire may hate me, but that doesn't mean they can't think about what would happen if they had me as an enemy.

Getting them back may be difficult in the short term, but it may be possible in the long term.

"So, Archdemon, do you intend to travel to the Gelkorgis Desert from now on?"

Lerouen looked at me and asked.

Galarsh and Lerouen are still trying to cooperate with me.

If they choose to leave, I have nothing to say. They've done so much for me that I have nothing to give.

"The Gelkorgis Desert is my stronghold. If I know exactly where the cultists are, I can deliver them."

"Maybe, but it's not a top priority."

There are more important things than gaining power.

Base.

A land where we can be safe.

And before that.

I look at Harriet and Liana.

"You guys, your families are....... What the hell are you going to do?"

They were trying to save me somehow. I don't know what their plan was, but it got tangled up in the gate outbreak.

But it was clear that they thought their families were in danger. Not just their lives, but the lives of people across the continent.

"Arnaka is....... It's going to be okay....... I trust my dad......."

Arnaka, capital of the Principality of Saint Thuan.

The Archduke said he must be more worried about his daughter, who had sided with the Devil. Herriot bowed his head and clenched his fists.

Herriot seemed to believe that the Duchy of St. Thuan, let alone the Archduke, would be able to handle the chaos that would ensue from the Gate.

I look at Riana this time. She looks off into the distance of the forest and speaks slowly, as if sighing.

"......I told my mom I was going to do this today."

Somehow, Riana knew that the Empire, not me, was the target of her vengeance. If she said that, it must mean her mother knew, too.

Riana chose to side with the devil to destroy the empire, and her mother was okay with it.

After the death of Duke Granz, it was clear that much had changed in the Duchess's mind.

The Duchess allowed Riana to risk her life to avenge her father.

But right now, it's not Riana who's in danger, it's the Duchess.

It's not like Herriot is afraid, but believes in the power of the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine and the Duchy, so even though he's nervous, he knows his father will be safe.

The Duchess's life is in danger, and even if she is indeed safe until the Gate situation is stabilized, she cannot be safe unless I am certain that Riana is on my side.

Riana's hands shook as she clenched into fists.

"So my mom says....... you know. We went to....... the other day."

Hmm?

No?

"Edina Archipelago?"

"Yeah, go to the cottage over there, because if I do this....... I'll be in danger......."

Duchess Granz ducked out of the way, knowing that Riana was going to cause an accident.

But if the gate has opened in the Edina Archipelago, the Duchess's life will be in danger. So Riana agrees to help me, but knowing that her mother's life is in danger, she can't be at ease.

"That's great."

But at my words, not only did Riana narrow her eyes at me, but Harriet flinched as if she didn't know what I was talking about.

"What, that's good?"

"Great, then."

I crossed my arms.

"Because we're going to the Edina Archipelago."

Where we'll be based from now on.

Saving Airi, who would otherwise be in danger, but is too far from the continent and news comes in very late.

Edina Archipelago.

That isolated archipelago is the perfect place for us to grow our power while staying out of the eyes of the Empire.

"We're going to take over the Edina Archipelago."

That will be the starting point for the rebuilt Darklands.

You go to rescue Airi.

And we're going to save Duchess Granz.

So it can only be a good thing.





451





The Edina Archipelago is essentially a remote island nation outside of the regular warp gate system that covers the entire continent.

There are small warp gates connecting the islands of the archipelago, but they only connect island to island and do not reach the continent.

Due to the nature of gate events, where the bigger the gate, the bigger the monsters, the smaller the gate event was in other areas.

But that's only relative.

-croak

It can handle the familiar shape of the monster, which looks like a small dog.

-Kiriririk

However, there are some variants that have dozens of arms and dozens of eyeballs attached to each arm.

Not only are these creatures horrifying to look at, but the dozens of arms they have to kill everyone within their reach would send soldiers fleeing in a panic, let alone ordinary people.

It looks arbitrary.

When the inevitable monsters start pouring out of the warp gate, people, both soldiers and civilians, have no choice but to flee.

The area around the warp gate was quickly turned to rubble, and fire-breathing monsters set buildings ablaze. In an instant, Razak, the main port city of the Edina Archipelago, was filled with chaos and screams.

-Pooh! Pow!

"This is....... replace......!"

The succubus queen, Airi, gritted her teeth and shot the creatures with her cage, then looked out at the monsters still lining the streets, and growing in number.

There's no reason to have a weapon, so the cage she's holding now was the dead guard's weapon.

Being a mixed race of demons, Airi had seen her fair share of demons and beasts.

However, the monsters that appeared now resembled some of the demons and beasts that existed in the world, while others were anomalies that could hardly be considered life.

The guards had already lost their nerve with the monstrous creatures, whose very existence was terrifying.

Despite losing her horns, Airi had learned to fight, and the other succubi under her command were gritting their teeth to keep her sane, somehow managing to hold off the onslaught of monsters.

The president and staff of Angel Capital, including Airi, who started out as a bar and was accused of sucking people's blood with a hook.

They were the only ones remaining sane and holding their weapons as the guards fled.

Angel Capital, like a giant temple in Airi, has become a temporary refuge for those who have nowhere else to run.

People hid behind the succubi and watched as the pink-haired loan shark boss caged, beat, and even tore the monsters apart with his bare hands.

-Airi from.......

-Was that a good fight......?

-It's a monster.......

The crowd inside the entrance to Angel Capital stood frozen, watching as the guards stood at the entrance, shooting and killing any monsters that fled in fear.

Even with her horns removed, Airi's physical abilities are not comparable to those of a normal human.

In the midst of the catastrophe that was about to consume the Edina Archipelago, they found themselves defending their customers and long-term prey.

A sudden catastrophe.

-currrrrr

Airi watched, frozen, as the burning building collapsed, crushing the fleeing people under its rubble.

"What are the soldiers doing?"

Airi muttered nervously, but even she was getting tired of looking at the monsters.

The Edina Archipelago is an outlier among outliers.

Some of the most skilled or talented people leave for the continent with big dreams.

The people left on the island aren't necessarily ravenous, but you can't expect them to grit their teeth and defend themselves against a sudden catastrophe.

How many soldiers are there on this small archipelago, how many knights are there, how many of them are enchanted, and how many wizards are there.

Anyone who could be enchanted would be considered the best of the best in the archipelago at that moment, and if they were young enough to be enchanted, they would have gone to the continent with bigger dreams.

Airi doesn't know where it all started.

All they've heard from those who have fled is that monsters are coming out of the warp gate.

Is this happening only in this razak, only in the archipelago. Or an entire continent.

No one knows unless they hear it from the devil himself.

"Hmph!"

Airi breathed raggedly as she pierced the gills of a charging two-headed bear with her spear, then stabbed the other one in the skull with the longsword sheathed at her waist, killing it instantly.

"....... ......."

There's no telling how long the monsters will keep coming.

As she watched the corpses lining the streets, and more being added to the pile, Airi drew the bars from the desperate bear-like creature.

Hates humans.

It wished for the destruction of humans.

-Grrrrrr!

However, a large lizard that nearly filled the alleyway flicked its tail once, sending people flying.

I hate humans.

In the long run, I was hoping for the extinction of the human race.

I wonder if this is allowed to happen.

Not by war, not by anything, but by an inexplicable catastrophe.

Civilians, not soldiers, who have never known a fight in their lives.

Just like that, I can die a trashy death.

Even though she was making a living squeezing people, Airi couldn't help but realize that there were humans who deserved to be loved.

Some people spent their entire family fortune on overnight gambling tables, and others were playing with their own money, not borrowing from Capital to build their fleet.

I've had someone come in and say they couldn't pay back the money they borrowed, and they did.

But.

I've also seen people who really need money, but the amount they need is so insignificant.

I saw people who were too poor to be Airy's customers.

A boy begged his mother to lend him ten pieces of silver now because she was sick, and he would pay her back later when he was an adult.

I saw a group of little kids who were going out to play because their brother was starving at home.

Many sailors starved because they couldn't afford a meal.

I didn't think of it as compassion.

The insignificance is so insignificant, so insignificant.

I once dug into my pocket and lent him a few silver coins, with a playful remark that I'd pay him back later.

It was definitely there.

I've seen that insignificant amount of money that I forgot about as soon as I gave it, really pay off a few days later.

I once received a silver dollar that doubled in size as I knocked on the door of an angel capital with a huge smile on my face, thanking them for saving my life and saying that I would pay them back as an adult.

There was a time when that little guy was so cute, I couldn't help but hug him with all my might.

Thinking it shouldn't be this way with humans.

It's a small acknowledgment.

To me, it's a small price to pay for such a big deal.

No.

You never know when the world's perception of you as a money ghost and a bunch of money-crazed bitches will come back to bite you in the ass.

I think it's a public opinion business and a political business to prepare for that.

He started an interest-free loan program for starving children and families who lost their fathers in storms.

It's a loan, and since Airi has no intention of getting the money back, it's actually a donation. Lending money to people who can't pay it back is a donation, unless you're trying to hold their leash.

To the adults of Razak, Airi was a demon.

To them, Airi was an angel.

In keeping with the name Angel Capital, which she coined with malicious intent, Airi was a devil to some and an angel to others.

It was a red line that I drew because I couldn't stand the little struggles and insignificance.

Those kids, in the streets.

-Quack! Quack!

It was really dying a slow death.

With a short, sharp scream, it was being bitten, torn, and crushed.

"Ah....... ah......."

If you leave, everyone behind you dies, too.

I couldn't leave for the sake of my employees, the people in the shelters, and my children.

So Airi could only watch the tiny struggles of the dying with squinted eyes.

Airi felt like she was on the verge of tears once in her life.

When the demon castle falls and is taken in chains to the humans.

That one time when you felt all was lost.

And now.

Airi was once again feeling what it was like to be on the verge of tears as she watched humans, human children, not demons, die.

Monsters are pouring into the streets.

Some were small, like wild dogs, but others were clearly giant lizard-like creatures, stalking across the street.

Though the broken horns always brought bitterness to themselves.

For today.

I don't think I've ever felt more sorry for a broken horn than I do today.

If I had the power.

If only I had the power.

-No!

I wish I could have run to that little girl calling out to me as she ran down the street, protecting me from the giant lizard.

The boy who said he needed money for medicine for his mother one day.

You didn't have to look away.

No.

I can't turn away.

"Boss!"

"You can't go!"

Airi lost her temper and ran down the stairs toward the boy.

After the fall of the Demon World, Airi lived to destroy things.

However, the power you want to have to destroy something.

One of the rules of society.

Capital.

In this situation.

At a time when the very fabric of society is disintegrating.

In this situation, all the rules break down.

Capital, a power based on rules, cannot protect anything.

No amount of capital can overcome the violence in front of us.

Only in body.

Only by action.

It can destroy something or protect something.

Airi leapt to her feet and roughly grabbed the boy with her left arm as he ran down the street.

"Sis! Sis...... Hm, hm, hm!"

"I'll protect you....... I'll protect you......."

Holding the boy in her arms, Airi sees a giant lizard slithering toward her.

The cage Airi holds in her right hand is shorter than the creature's gills.

If you try to poke it, it will swallow you up.

It's too late to back down.

In the midst of destroying humanity, he protects a human being, a boy who is nothing, and is eaten by an unidentified monster.

This is.

I don't think that's what Valerie wants.

Cradling the floating boy in her arms, Airi aims her spear at the charging creature.

"Bali.

To your childhood friend who isn't here.

To the boy he recognized as his lord.

In the end, it doesn't help at all.

"I'm sorry.

Just as I was about to roll down the window with that thought.

-pot!

As if time had slowed down, Airi saw a girl with forked hair appear in front of her.

As if she had a glowing blue tattoo on her body, the girl who had suddenly appeared held out both hands in front of her.

-Bam!

-knowwhat!

The lizard slammed its face into the blue barrier and screeched and took a few steps back.

What's going on here.

A mysterious wizard appeared and saved him.

"Are you okay?"

Before she could answer the girl's question, Airi saw.

A human-shaped balier leaping from the sky.

-POOF!

And then he plunges Alsbringer, the sword of the War God, into the lizard's head.

-Currrrr!

Then, the jewel around Valier's neck glows red, and the lizard is engulfed in flames and burns.

"Val......?"

Airi, looked.



* * *



He's surprised to see Valerie in human form out of nowhere.

Airi couldn't help but be even more appalled.

-Kurrrrr! kurrrrr!

Suddenly, darkness descended upon the sky, and lightning began to fall.

-blink!

Dozens of times a second.

-Crack!

As if aimed at the monsters lining the streets, lightning flashed and monsters fell or exploded as they were struck by lightning.

"Is this....... What the hell......?"

Lightning was wiping out the monsters flooding the streets, as if some divine salvation had been sent to deal with this inexplicable scourge.

Turning her head, Airi could see the blonde, short-haired girl emitting blue electricity from her entire body.

-Quack!

And in the distance, I heard the sound of a fierce bombing.

"I think Elise handled the gate."

Valier drew his sword and walked toward him, accompanied by a girl with forked hair.

"How do you get to...... in Bali?"

"Let's get this place cleaned up and then we can talk."

As bewildered as Airi was, the boy she had just saved was equally dumbfounded.

A catastrophe that felt like it was going to bring the world down was being completely neutralized at the hands of a lightning bolt from nowhere.

"Harriet, you're in charge of finding the Duchess. Do you remember the location?"

"Yes."

"We're on the outskirts of town, so I don't think there are any monsters there yet, but we'd better get going. Riana and the road vampires will be in charge here."

"Okay."

Airi watched dumbfounded as the girl called Herriot was teleported away in continuous teleportation, the blue tattoos reactivating all over her body in an instant.

Valerie sees Airi hugging a boy.

Airi couldn't help but freeze under Valier's gaze.

Rebuilding the Demon Realm and taking revenge on humanity.

If you have done this to save a boy who cooperates with you, you have disqualified yourself as a servant of Valier.

You're bound to be disappointed.

As Airi stood frozen in place, unable to do anything, Vali said nothing, but ruffled the hair of the boy she was holding, not Airi.

As in, I'm glad the boy is alive.

He didn't smile, but he had no expression.

There seemed to be no complaints about the boy's survival and Airi's behavior.

"I see him over there."

Valier pointed to the girl, who was still summoning lightning with a blue lightning bolt wrapped around her body.

"Huh? Ah......."

"He'll take care of everything around here."

He summoned an Alsbringer in his right hand, as if he were going to be in a place she couldn't see.

-Chee!

As Valier watched the monsters pour in from one side of the alley, the flames consumed them in an instant.

-Breathe!

-Woof!

And in a distant alley somewhere, I could see a flash of divine light.

"We'll talk about this later. I've got to go."

"ugh, ugh......."

Airi watched as Valier took off down the street, and then slumped back into her seat, still clutching the boy in her arms.

"My sister....... We....... Did we buy......?"

As the frightened boy shivered and hugged his neck, Airi gently patted him on the back, frozen herself.

"Yeah....... I guess so......."

I also don't understand the sudden appearance of Valerie.

He didn't come alone, he brought a whole bunch of people with him who might be able to help.





Episode 452.





Razak, the main port city and capital of the Edina Archipelago, had only one warp gate, and it was small.

It wasn't long after the event that Reinhardt started bringing people in to help with the broader response.

Eleris destroyed the warp gate before it could reach Razak, Riana summoned lightning bolts across the land to wipe out the monsters, and Reinhardt and Olivia, as well as Leruen and Galarsh, worked to rid Razak of its monsters.

So things calmed down pretty quickly.

Still, the Gate debacle left an indelible mark on Razak.

Countless buildings were burning, and bodies lined the streets.

The monsters were mostly gone, but the streets were filled with the cries of people.

The gate situation is basically designed to create fear and confusion in people.

In the midst of the fear and panic, it would be difficult to deal with the creature, and even if they could, the damage would be immense.

It is unlikely that every location with a small warp gate will have an archmage or combat troops stationed there.

Even though we were on top of it the first day, there was a lot of damage in Razak, and I don't think it would be any different elsewhere.

Unless it was a city with powerful wizards and knights, it was likely to be destroyed rather than damaged on this scale, and a city with that level of military presence would inevitably have medium to large warp gates, which would increase the number and size of the monsters that would emerge.

Riana and Olivia couldn't help but freeze as they watched Razak turn into a living hell in a single day.

No matter how much they say they're doing it to save Reinhardt, this is the work of the Devil's minions.

Activating Akasha with her own hands, Eleris was speechless as she realized the depth of her crime.

The Razak situation has been sorted out to some extent.

So we gathered at the front door of Angel Capital.

Valier the Demon, Elise, Lerouen, Galash, Olivia, Airi, and of course, Herriot and Liana.

Everyone was staring at Valerie.

After firing up Akasha, Eleris couldn't keep her head up.

But there was no despair on the face of Valier, who had tried to stop this from happening and had started it all.

I've tried to stop all of this, and everyone is feeling miserable and bitter, even though they didn't do anything to cause it.

The devil didn't seem to think about any of that.

"Razak's been cleared, so there's no time to lose, and I think we can handle the monsters coming out of the miniature gates on our own....... Airi, how many islands in the archipelago have miniature warp gates?"

"......It's St. Louis, Fort Lambs, and Greenwinds."

"Okay, let's split up into groups of three. Elise, take Riana, get the coordinates for St. Louis and head there. You and Olivia will go to Fort Ramsey, and the Greenwyns will have Harriet back soon, so I think you can take her and clean up after her."

They were to divide their forces between three different ports, the only large cities in the tiny Edina Archipelago.

It was his judgment that two of them in this room would be enough to handle the small warp gate.

"We need to move fast, because if the monsters overrun the city and get away with it, we might be in for a tedious scavenger hunt."

As if he didn't have enough time to express his feelings about the devastation that had occurred, Valier was brief with instructions on what to do next.

It seemed like the kind of attitude a party leader should have, but it also seemed too cold.

But directives.

At the Demon's command, the road vampires begin casting.

Still fearful of the situation, those hiding in Angel Capital stare at the city's saviors beyond the front door.

Bali didn't give them the slightest glance.

As if it was their job to save them, but now that they've been saved, there's nothing more to do.

"Airy."

"Uh, ah....... Yeah."

Airi still doesn't know what's going on. Valerie was only saying what she had to say.

"Let's go to the Royal Palace of Edina."

"The Royal Palace......? The Royal Palace is....... Why?"

"I'm going to be king here from today."

As if to say, I'm going to make it happen because I said so.

The volley was too casual.

For everything.



* * *



Late at night.

-currrr

The burning zodiacal gradient had mages scrambling to put out the flames.

The ecliptic, home to humanity's greatest powers.

However, the city of Ecliptic Gradient is home to the largest concentration of super-sized warp gates on the entire continent, as well as the largest concentration of small and medium-sized warp gates.

The most dangerous city, the Gate of the Zodiac, was subdued within a day, thanks to humanity's greatest powers, who jumped into action as soon as it happened.

But the damage was done.

In addition to the destruction and burning of the city's major infrastructure, as much as a third of the city was destroyed and more than a quarter of its citizens were killed.

Like the port cities of the Edina Archipelago, the Zodiacal Gradient was filled with the screams and wails of countless people.

And it's better that way.

Everywhere in the Empire, where warp gates were installed, there were worse scourges raging.

-Woof!

The last of the Zodiac's monsters has fallen, as the cathedral-sized beast crumbles to the ground with a final crash.

-Crack!

In a flash, Ellen Artorius, who had climbed the creature from its legs to its shoulders, plunged her Voidblade into its skull and crushed its skull with a blast of magic, landed on its back and waist as it crumbled to the ground.

Now everyone knows that Ellen not only has a bizarrely deformed lament, but also a sun god's cloak, the Rapelt.

"Is this the last one?"

At Ellen's words, the men who had hunted the last monster nodded in agreement.

What's done is done.

Just focusing on coping is urgent.

Just as the current Demon King doesn't give any indication of his feelings about everything, Ellen is no different, seeing herself as the cause of this mess.

Similarly, the knights of Shanapelle, who had hunted down the last giant monster, arrived at Ellen's location.

"Ellen....... Why on earth would....... helped the devil escape?"

At Savior Tana's words, Ellen stares at her.

Up until this point, I'd been too busy reacting to the situation to talk about it, but now I had to.

Ellen helped the demon escape.

There were no casualties, but Ellen's actions may have led to another war in the future.

But Ellen didn't make any excuses or rationalizations for her actions.

I didn't say that this happened because you didn't believe in the devil.

Ellen herself didn't believe in the devil.

"Are you going to arrest me?"

"......."

"I don't think so."

So Ellen gives the empire a dose of reality, not reason.

This is no ordinary Swordmaster, but one with two holy relics.

In fact, Ellen had killed the most monsters today, second only to Saviolin Tana. Not the smaller ones that come out of the Edina Archipelago, but the giant ones, the ones that are so powerful that a single one can reduce a village to ashes in an hour.

The last thing we need is to treat Ellen like a criminal in a situation where we all feel sorry for her.

Maybe after all is said and done, but for now, the Empire should be grateful that Ellen is cooperating.

"Please tell me where I should go. There must be a lot of dangerous cities."

Ellen feels responsible for the situation.

"Also, if you have any stimulants, please bring them with you."

As such, Ellen had no intention of taking a break.

There is no such thing as time to be sad and depressed.

There's no time to be remorseful about your actions.

Just as Reinhardt doesn't beat himself up about how nothing would have happened if he hadn't done anything.

Ellen didn't take the path of regret, telling herself that if she had trusted Reinhardt more, none of this would have happened.

You can't save yourself, and you can't save others, with a tragic appreciation of the devastation that has occurred.

You'll have to make that judgment at that time.

You have to move in time for that.

We must save one more city, one more person.

Because they think it's the only thing they can do.

It's not about regret or self-pity, it's about doing the best you can under the circumstances.

Demons and heroes.

Both, in a sense, are stronger than before.

In ways neither of them ever wanted.



* * *



The palace of the kingdom of Edina was located on the outskirts of the port city of Rajak, on a cliffside of a high hill.

It was never as large as the Imperial Palace, nor was it as elegant as the White Palace of Arnaria, located in Arnaka, the capital of the Duchy of Saint Thuan.

More of a citadel than a palace, the size of the castle was a measure of the quality of the Edina Kingdom.

Still, it was the royal castle of a nation. It was not the humble scale of a lord's castle or manor house on a provincial estate.

The castle was on the outskirts of the city and was not directly affected by the gate incident.

It wasn't hard to get directions to the castle.

I think he had some idea of the upheaval in the city, and that it was me and my crew who were organizing it, when he saw me and Airi walking up to the castle.

And Airi had been doing business in the city for quite some time. And this angel capital business had been going on with the support of the royal family.

Airi's friends.

The man who, in a matter of hours, put an end to a cataclysmic, kingdom-destroying event in the capital.

It was strange that the door wouldn't open.

In the real world, the king was still blue in the face, and his vassals had no idea what was going on, so it was no wonder they panicked.

"You are....... Who are you?"

Guards.

Bodyguard knights at the king's side.

I look at their facets.

"While the people of the capital are dying like dogs, this bastard of a king is here, shivering and sleeping......."

The sudden outburst stiffened the king and his guards.

"I'm not going to bother explaining anything."

Using Sarkegar's Ring, I summoned Alsbringer and slung it over my shoulder. I could feel everyone's breath catch in their throats at the sudden appearance of a demon and a soul-bound sword.

"From this day forward, this kingdom and all the islands of the Edina Archipelago belong to me, Valie the Demon."

Airi's face turned white at my blunt remark.

There's no time for persuasion and debate.

I look around.

"No sneaky bastard."

Still, it was clear that we weren't quite sure what was going on.



* * *



Of course, no one is going to give up their country just because you ask them to.

The first to react was the knight standing next to the king.

"Bastard, no matter how suspicious the circumstances, you come out of nowhere and defy His Highness!"

He descended the steps of the throne and rested his hand on the hilt of his sword.

"Don't pull it."

"What......?"

I said so towards the article.

"If you pull it, you die."

"You insolent......!"

-Thwack!

-Bam!

The knight who drew his sword was struck by Alsbringer before he could even leave his scabbard, and his sword shattered as if it had exploded.

Didn't kill it.

But before I could get a good grip on the sword, the lost knight was just looking at me with a dumbfounded expression on his face.

"If you try to do more, you'll end up with a warning."

If we need to see blood, we will, but we don't need to see it on purpose.

He was probably the most skilled knight in the room, and as he froze, neither the other knights nor the guards approached me easily.

I passed the driver who cut in front of me.

No knights and guards stood in my way.

-jerky

Climbing the steps to the throne room, I stood before the king.

"Get out of the way."

"What......?"

At that simple statement, the king froze and stared at me blankly.

"Get out of the way."

No one ever laid a hand on me. I think it was because they realized that if they tried to touch me, I would run for my life.

The king looked around, but it seemed that no one would dare risk their lives to defend their lord in the presence of a demon.

It's not about loyalty.

Because I'm not just a thug, I'm a demon.

He's a demon that makes entire continents go crazy.

This is a country that couldn't even handle a small gate situation and nearly destroyed its capital.

The Devil was too big a name for the soldiers and knights of the Edina Archipelago to handle.

He's not just a rogue or a ruffian, he's a demon.

No one knows what will happen if I start to get my hands dirty, so just by showing my true colors, I stir up people's sinister imaginations.

The reputation of fear that has been cast upon you is yours to exploit if you choose to do so.

That's why I'm able to do this, barefoot and with only an iriman.

Son of Valier the Ancestor, who was an absolute.

No one can touch me because I'm playing out terrifying fantasies in my head about what he could do.

I watched as the king shakily rose from his seat.

-Hair

He sits on the throne of an absent king.





I didn't love the gray rock hewn throne, but I didn't love it either.

Sitting in the master's chair was easy.

I can't believe it's so easy to steal a country.

But it's a start.

You may be the boss, but not everyone recognizes you as such.

Sitting on a throne doesn't make you a king.

However, I made the master of the throne stand up on his own.

That's important.

"Half the world."

"Lord of all the lands of the Darklands."

"Leader of all the demons in the world."

"Demon Lord."

"In the name of Valerie."

"To the previous kings and royalty of the Kingdom of Edina, who have surrendered their thrones to me, I promise you a long life in peace."

Well, that was my first royal name.





Episode 453.





You have seized the throne of the Edina Archipelago.

Too easy.

A rogue who comes out of nowhere and makes the king stand up from his seat doesn't make him the master.

But I am the devil.

Everyone was afraid of me, not just because I was a strong rogue, but because I carried the heavy name of Demon King.

Those who didn't want to know that I was the Devil now know that I am.

So, it doesn't matter anymore that the whole world knows I'm a demon, and I'm going to take full advantage of the fear that comes with my name.

Fear is a very powerful tool of domination.

"As you have seen today, the warp gates of the entire continent have been tampered with to summon otherworldly monsters, which means that the catastrophe that is occurring is a world-scale disaster, encompassing the entire continent, not just this archipelago."

"Therefore, the anomaly that occurred in Rajak also occurred on the other islands of the archipelago, St. Louis, Port Lambeth, and Greenwindle."

"Currently, my men are working to quell the phenomenon at that location."

"The Edina Archipelago will suffer some damage, but due to its distance from the continent, it will end up destroying warp gates across the archipelago."

"The reason I tell you that I am the savior of the Edina Archipelago, which would have perished if left alone, is to let you know that my rule will be quite generous and gentle."

"Submit. You will have stability and peace."

"In the short term, I will focus on stabilizing the chaotic Edina Archipelago, and in the long term, I will venture into the monster-infested continent."

"I'll give you a day."

"We won't kill you if you refuse."

"Let those who will not submit to me leave."

"I will allow you to live as ordinary people in the archipelago. You will be able to escape my rule and go to the continent, but when you cross the long sea route and reach the continent, you will find that there is no land for you to set foot on but these islands."

With the entire continent in a state of chaos, going to the continent was a sign of death.

But they might decide that I'm telling a flat-out lie. They might think that the devil is just saying this to scare them.

It's your choice to believe me or not believe me, to obey me or not obey me.

I wasn't going to force it.

I didn't know if they would accept me, but I had a lot of work to do.

"There's been confusion, and it's scary, but for now, the upheaval in Razak is over. There's no need to be afraid, so let's get to work."

Even if the chaos has stabilized, there are still bodies in the streets. We need to focus on getting an accurate casualty count and stabilizing Razak, not just burned homes.

"All available troops are to collect bodies and determine the exact extent of the damage as of this hour, and report back to me immediately with the status of food and relief supplies stockpiled in the castle."

I could tell they were taken aback by the first mission instruction that wasn't overly demonic.

What is demonic.

Is it demonic to demand a blood sacrifice as soon as you take the throne?

Whatever demon they're expecting, I'm going to be a lot different than the one they're thinking of.

They were still dumbfounded, not knowing what I had asked them to do.

"Get your asses in gear, or get the fuck out of here, or listen to me, or get your asses in gear, you motherfuckers, you think you've got time?"

In the end, it was the same everywhere, I had to yell to be understood.

The soldiers left the castle on my orders, and I began repairing the damage in Razak.

I don't know if they'll be good at what I ask them to do, but it's day one after all.

The vassals were sent away to do their work.



* * *



Late at night.

One by one, they returned to Razak.

Just as I had instructed, they all arrived at the Edina Palace.

Riana even brought Duchess Granz, who had been fleeing from Angel Capital.

I'm sure we've all seen the horrors, but it seemed to make even less sense now.

I had just arrived in Razak when I left to go to another island, and now I was sitting on the throne of Alreal, the royal palace of the country.

"......What happened?"

"You said you were going to take the Edina Archipelago."

That's all I could say to Olivia.

We have a lot to talk about, and we need to figure out what to do next.

Neither Liana nor Harriet seemed to be in their right minds, as if they'd seen something horrible. Not to mention Eleris.

Lerouen and Galarsh weren't quite as grave, but their expressions were very serious.

"One day, one king....... Was it ever so easy."

Lerouen was frozen in place.

"That was easier than I thought, given the circumstances. Anyway, how did everyone handle the situation?"

"The damage was heavy, but we managed to destroy the gate and slay the monster."

They succeeded in controlling the chaos in the four main ports of the Edina Archipelago.

"The local administrations will take care of the damage, but now that this has happened, there could be riots or something......."

"There are a lot of people who have nowhere to go....... There are so many....... How do those people......."

Herriot said with a gloomy look on his face.

"We need to start with a damage assessment in each port: how many people have lost their homes, how many orphans have been left behind, and how much relief we can give them."

It's a headache from the start.

"I'm not going to be able to do any intercontinental trade with the way things are, and I didn't come all this way to make sure the Empire didn't know where I'd settled. The Edina Archipelago has to be self-sufficient somehow from now on."

I became king to deal with the Gate situation, but the country is in crisis from the start. The royal family of Edina will be grateful to have the Devil take this headache off their hands.

We talked a lot.

I had to explain to Airi, who had no idea what was going on.

And what to do next.

What to start with.

How to replace the people whose lives were destroyed and how to take responsibility as a king.

All new to us, all things we never imagined we'd be doing until this morning.

We had to do it.



* * *



It was probably the longest day I've ever had in my life, and I wasn't even done with it yet.

The royal palace was captured, but the castle was home to the royalty that had ruled the Edina Archipelago until now.

It was extortion without cause, but I am the devil.

Just as people have interpreted my behavior as if I were a demon and therefore had evil intentions, I have no intention of justifying my dominance with rhetoric.

I'm going to let them think they're doing this because they're the devil.

You don't throw the royals out overnight. They need to absorb what they know about the archipelago and the intellectual basis of their rule.

I was on the spire of a royal palace, looking out over the nighttime landscape of Rajasthan down the cliffs.

The port city was quiet after the gate was closed. In the distance, I could see soldiers wandering around with torches, collecting bodies at my command.

Smoke still billowed in places, and the cries of children who had lost their parents seemed to be audible.

All of this, my fault.

From the spire, I could see the horizon of the ocean beyond the harbor.

On the continent beyond the ocean, people were still dying.

This was my destiny.

Everyone in the Temple who is not here will probably be called into battle as the general mobilization order is issued.

Someone is going to die, and maybe even some of your classmates because the gate happened earlier than expected.

Even in this situation, which was ultimately caused by me, I'm going to do something, and I'm going to start something on this remote archipelago at the southernmost tip of the continent.

Could this be the path to saving someone's life?

Or are we just setting the stage for another war?

-Ahhhh!

Cries that shouldn't be heard seemed to be heard among the city lights.

-Stephen

I could hear waves in the ocean that shouldn't be there.

"Hey, what are you doing?"

I turned around at the sound behind me, and there was Liana de Granz.

If I became king, would we still be friends?

It was funny that I thought of myself as a king when I hadn't even been on the throne for a day.

Riana stands beside me, arms crossed, looking out over the landscape of Razak.

Liana De Granz.

While magic is important, Riana's Blitz ability was invaluable in taking down the Gate.

It also helped me escape.

"When did you know?"

Riana knew I wasn't responsible for Duke Granz's murder.

That's what saved me.

"Not long ago, my mom told me."

"...... is it?"

"I thought my dad said a lot of weird things, but a revolution, I had no idea he was going to do something like that."

Riana smirked down at Razak. Technically, Riana's discovery of the truth has nothing to do with her saving me.

However, Riana was going to save me, and she did.

It means there was an intention there other than to save me.

"You want to get rid of the empire?"

"......."

Riana was silent at my words.

"I thought you might be able to do that."

You may have been trying to save your friend, but you were also trying to save the devil.

Riana knew that Duke Granz's death was the work of the Empire, and as such, she harbored a vendetta against them.

The fact that Riana didn't immediately attack Bertus, Charlotte, or Tana reminded me of how vengeful she is.

It's a vengeance that can't be satisfied by killing a few royalty.

A vengeance that can't be satisfied, unless it's at the cost of an empire.

How much dark vengeance lay beneath Riana's seemingly carefree expression, I could not fathom.

I wonder if it's similar to the despair I'm feeling, or if it's deeper.

Just as Harriet gave up being a grand duchess and stood by my side.

Liana gave up being a duchess and stood by my side.

Of course, with the world spinning, how much more meaningful would that be?

"Apparently, you didn't really care about that."

"Right."

I said I did all this to protect humans, and I'm still doing it.

To share his vengeance, the demon seemed plausible, but in hindsight, probably not.

I don't want war, and I don't want empires to collapse.

However, Riana stretched and put her arm around my shoulders.

"But it's not like you wanted to do this, right?"

"......Yes."

My existence was already doomed, and by the time I realized it, it was too late.

In the original, the Gate was caused by Valerie, but this time it's at the hands of Eleris.

I didn't want something to happen, so it happened.

I felt like the protagonist of an old oracle.

"I mean, everything you don't want to happen somehow seems to happen?"

"...... Is that a bad word?"

"Because you don't want the empire to fall, somehow it's falling to pieces because of you."

Riana giggles.

It was one of those things where I wasn't even angry because it was overly malicious.

"In other words, if you have to go to war with the Empire, even if you don't want to, I'll give you a hand."

I wanted peace and stability for humanity, but my desire for it led to the Gate.

I still wish for peace, stability, and the maintenance of the empire, but I may be the cause of its downfall.

Because the world seems to be broken, somehow, that way.

Riana seemed to think that as long as she was by my side, she would have her chance for revenge at any moment. With her arms still around my neck, Riana gazes out over Razak.

"Hey, so I....... the Four Heavenly Kings?"

I felt my breath catch in my throat at Riana's words.

The Four Heavenly Kings?

Why is he thinking about this?

"You're ordering me four thousand kings, right?"

Riana looks at me with a twinkle in her eye.

Do it?

I hope you don't think this is some kind of neighborhood captain's game.

"Uh....... What....... If you sleep alone, how can you be King of the Four Thousand?"

"Get the other three. Vampires are like elders or something....... Harriet and Olivia and her sister....... The one with the pink hair? Doesn't that make four?"

I'm dizzy, really?

One minute you're talking about revenge, the next you're talking about this.

"Hey, that's plausible. Magic, paladins, psychics, and I don't know what that pink hair is, but that's four."

Airi, Riana, Harriet, and Olivia.

Riana had apparently drawn up a blueprint for the Four Heavenly Kings in her head even though I hadn't said anything.

I didn't say anything?

"Hey Demon, make my nickname feel a little better. Huh?"

-cookcook

Riana wraps her arms around my neck and pokes me in the side.

"You're an asshole."

At my words, Riana giggled and loosened her arms around my neck.

If you think about it, it's actually pretty easy.

It's lightning, so I'm just going to go ahead and thunder in.......

Why the hell am I even thinking about this?

"Anyway, I'm sure you've been through a lot. I saw the way you looked at me when you ran away earlier."

I hadn't cleared up Riana's misunderstanding, so when I ran into her on the way out, I thought it was all over.

The reality was quite the opposite.

"Good job, how did you resist the urge to make excuses?"

"Excusing it just makes the problem bigger."

"So."

Riana clicked her tongue.

"How have you held out so long?"

Build relationships with people without revealing your identity.

I put up with it under guilt and pressure.

Riana patted me on the head, as if to say that it was amazing that I had held out this long.

"Do you want to keep talking?"

Somehow, talking to this guy takes me back to my Temple days, which I can never go back to.

It was a good feeling, too.

It was also a horribly wistful, wistful feeling.

"Anyway, I'm going. I'm going to rest. I'm tired."

As if it hadn't been a long enough day, Riana stretches and turns to leave.

"Cliffman."

After that, I couldn't help but ask what I should have asked but never did.

"......."

"Are you okay?"

"What do you mean you're okay?"

Riana's voice was calm as she answered.

"Just. Anything."

"I didn't say anything to him."

I seem to recall that we vowed to take revenge on the demon together.

When Riana realized the truth, she didn't tell Klippmann.

I wonder if he realized that the empire was too great an enemy to share.

Riana worked with Herriot, but she didn't tell Klippmann anything.

For that reason, Kliffman will remember Riana as a traitor to the Empire and humanity.

Like I'm going to pile on the misunderstandings.

Riana will also accumulate misconceptions.

I wondered if that was okay.

Because when those misconceptions pile up and explode, it's a horrible feeling that makes you want to die.

"It should be fine."

Riana said and went downstairs.

She didn't tell Klippmann about it, because she knew she was up against a much bigger foe.

Riana, Harriet, and Olivia will be remembered as traitors to the Empire and humanity.

Because of that, everyone has to take on something, and I have to be able to take on what they have to take on.

I am their king, because they chose me.

I must be able to protect those who have chosen me.





Episode 454.





I realized that I needed to talk to people once in a while, just like Riana did when she came to me before the end of a long day.

The people in the castle who saw me would either run away with their eyes wide open or turn white and tremble.

Other than the horns, it doesn't look particularly scary.

Perhaps he was afraid of me, afraid to imagine something more than what he could see in me.

For now, my group would be staying in a guest room in the palace.

Once you've decided what to do with the remaining royalty in the palace, they'll all have their own rooms and living quarters.

I've decided to become a king, but I don't really know what it means to be a king, so I need the help of the people around me, as well as the entire royal family.

Unprepared, he stole the country from the king.

It's ridiculous.

After descending the spire and entering the guest quarters, I found Herriot staring out from the castle's terrace.

I could sense the popularity, and she looked at me and gulped.

"Ah......! Ugh, ah....... Reinhard......."

I'm sure you're not familiar with me in my demon form.

"Is this....... your real self?"

"What....... so to speak."

I don't know if that means it's real.

Herriot looked like he was about to rip my face off.

"Something....... You say you, so I guess it's you....... It's different, but....... but maybe not that different......."

Herriot stares at me, puzzled.

"I don't know, we'll see."

See.

The words had a strange resonance.

You're going to stay with me, that's what it means.

Me and Harriet stood side by side on the terrace.

My words to Herriot weren't very long.

I want you to believe one thing: that I tried to save everyone, no matter what.

How could I believe that, when what I'd done and who I was up to that point must have been so much more than I could handle.

And this situation, at the end of the day, was caused by me.

I don't know how this will play out in the long run, but Herriot has chosen to become an enemy of humanity.

"You seem to be thinking hard."

Herriot looks out the window and says nothing.

If it's my business, it's fine. The problems I have, the things that happen to me, are my problem to deal with.

But it's a different matter when the people who chose me have to share the pressure I put on them because of me.

"Right now, I don't think it's a good time to think too much about it."

Herriot said and took my hand.

"I don't know what other people think, I only know what I think."

Harriet looks up at me.

"I'm fine, so don't worry about me."

She smirked at me, as if to say, "I can't take all the burdens off your shoulders, but I can take that one away.

I'm sure he's worried about what happened to the duchy, but Herriot comforts me in this situation.

In retrospect, Herriot was genuinely concerned when things got serious.

It was the same with my duel at the beginning of my freshman year, when we were at odds.

Herriot, who had watched the duel expecting me to be beaten, was concerned for me when I was really beaten.

They were always on my side when it mattered, and sometimes I helped them.

For some time now, I've been relying on Herriot for help all the time.

"I'm not going to be able to say it's all going to be okay, I think."

Harriet holds my hand tightly and stares out the window. The situation is overwhelmingly dire, and people are dying even as we take this momentary respite.

It can't all work out. It's already too late for a lot of things.

"But there's got to be something we can do, because there's got to be something that only I can do."

Herriot sees me.

"You, being you, there must be something you can do."

So instead of beating ourselves up and feeling sorry for ourselves, let's find something we can do.

Herriot said.

That's exactly what I was thinking.

However, there was something comforting about knowing that someone else was thinking exactly what I was thinking.

"Thanks."

Herriot is a wizard of the highest caliber, and he will find something he can do.

I was going to have to figure out what I could do as a demon.



* * *



After I finished talking to Harriet, I went to see Olivia.

"Ah, Reinhard."

Olivia looked at me and pulled me into a hug.

"I'm sorry we didn't have time to talk about this. I'm so glad you're okay. I'm so glad."

"Thank you, sister."

I hugged Olivia, too.

I knew Olivia would be on my side even if she knew I was a demon. But actually seeing her stand up for me was another matter.

Olivia did what she could.

Without Olivia, I might have been processed quickly. Then the gate incident might not have happened.

In the end, what Olivia did added a few days to my list, and those few days could have been the reason for the gate.

But I can't blame Olivia. My death wouldn't necessarily have prevented the Gate from happening.

Olivia tried to save my life, and she was crucial.

I lived through the Gate debacle, so there's no reason to blame Olivia for it.

I have to think that because I'm alive, because I survived, if I'm going to do something, it's going to be because of Olivia.

I have to think of it this way, that the risk I took to save Olivia led to a situation where I was able to survive when everything else was ruined.

Olivia and I sat down in our chairs.

"Honestly, I'm really, really glad you're okay, but I'm against all of this."

"......."

"I know it's shocking that you were a demon, but....... Now that I know, I don't understand."

It was bound to happen.

"There's no reason you should be protecting humans, and even though it ended up blowing up in your face, you tried to stop it, and it's great that you came all the way to the far south and took a country overnight....... Let's say we can deal with the gate thing or whatever, then what?"

I couldn't help but realize what Olivia was trying to say.

The aftermath, when all is said and done.

"In the end, it doesn't change the fact that we're the ones who caused the Gate, and no matter what you do to save the humans, they're going to hate us, and the Empire is going to propagandize that the Devil is the cause of everything in order to control the chaotic public opinion, and they're not actually wrong."

It's not exactly black propaganda for the Empire to say that we're the ones who caused the gate, because she's the one who started Akasha.

"The Empire won't admit that this wouldn't have happened if they'd believed you for a second, and there's no reason why they should. They'll inevitably direct all the blame at us."

"I suppose so."

"As a result, the Empire and the humans will try to kill you to make you responsible for all of this. No one will ever know how many people we tried to save, or that you really didn't want to do this. No one will ever understand, no one will ever admit it, because you're a demon. They'll try to bury the truth with that one word, because you're the devil."

Olivia sighs.

"Let's do nothing. This southern island nation won't be affected by the gate situation, so let's just stay here and let the continent and the humans do their thing. Let's keep to ourselves. We don't really need to be kings or anything, it'll just be a hassle, so let's just take our people and live somewhere quiet. I don't see why you should risk your life for something that will never be recognized by anyone."

Olivia, a human, tells me to stay away from humans.

Everything I do is ultimately unappreciated by any human being because I caused the gate crisis.

When the Gate debacle is over, the Empire will turn its sights on me.

The hatred of demons will stabilize the situation and bring unity and cohesion to humanity.

It's all so obvious and obvious that you don't have to think long to realize it's going to happen.

These are things Olivia knows without having to say them.

That's why Olivia is telling us to keep quiet.

"If I was doing it for recognition or hoping someone would notice, I wouldn't have started."

I had a choice.

To do something or not to do something.

It was Sarkegar's idea to enter the temple, but even inside the temple, they could have just kept quiet.

I didn't do that. I was going to do something, I was going to accomplish something.

But it was those behaviors that eventually led to the Gate debacle.

So now I'm supposed to turn my back on everything because I was right to do nothing.

You can't.

Now that I've decided to do something, if the result of my action is a gate, I have to do something else about it.

It's not because I want anyone to notice.

No, and it's not like everyone doesn't get it.

"And I don't know anyone who needs to know the truth, so that's that."

At least there are those who know that was not my intention.

It's bound to get a lot of misunderstanding and hate, but the people who need to know know.

The Empire may lay all the blame at my feet, but at least they can't deny that my intentions were pure. Otherwise, I wouldn't have given you the only solution to this situation so close to the Gate crisis.

Still, the Empire will try to scapegoat me, to make me the target of all their hatred.

They'll know that doesn't negate my intent.

That's it.

"Besides, I wouldn't be this close to my sister if the goal was to do nothing in the first place."

"......."

"It wasn't all bad, there was good, obviously."

Just because there's a huge negative outcome doesn't mean that everything I've done up to this point has led to this situation.

Harriet, Riana, and Olivia decided to trust me and followed me.

This wasn't necessarily a bad thing.

If I didn't do it because I didn't have to, then I had no reason to save Olivia in the first place.

I took a risk and saved Olivia, and I survived.

"So the things I'm about to do, the things I don't have to do, aren't necessarily going to come back to bite me in the ass. They're going to be good things, and they're going to be good things for me later, like my sister saving me. That kind of good thing."

"......."

Olivia stared at me, unable to respond to my words.

"I didn't think you'd listen to me because you've always been selfish, you've always saved me, you've always done this and that, and nothing I could say would make a difference."

Olivia smiled at me.

"But from now on, whatever you do, whatever we do, there are no secrets?"

"Of course."

As if that were enough, Olivia beamed.

If the Gate debacle is finalized, a conflict with the Empire may be next on the agenda.

There may come a time when it will be hopelessly damaging to humanity, and I will die a more miserable death.

Not Olivia, not Riana, not Harriet.

Everyone who helped me could die a miserable death.

I will never let that future happen.

I've tried to do something and failed, so I'm not going to sit around imagining that my next attempt to do something will also end in failure.

If I do nothing, the world will hate me, even if I do something.

If so, at least you're trying to do something.





Episode 455.





The next person I went to was Airi.

"Bali......."

Airi was sitting by the window of the state room, looking out.

As they all do.

Everyone was looking outside in their own way, as if they couldn't bear not to see how today's catastrophe was affecting the city.

When I arrived, Airi was carrying a child in her arms and staring blankly at a lizard monster that was running at her.

If Herriot had been any later, Airi could have been dead.

We don't know what happened to Airi to make her hate humans so much.

However, I wonder if Airi eventually realized that something is worth protecting, regardless of race.

I explained it to Airi as I had to everyone else.

What I was trying to do.

And what we're going to do next.

"I can't believe you tried to stop this......."

"It didn't work, but oh well. I did."

"Funny. I'm surprised you weren't actually interested in rebuilding the Demon Realm, but you ended up being forced to do it."

Airi stares out the window in silence.

"If we're starting over here, the Darklands we're going to rebuild are the ones that contain humans, right?"

"Probably not."

You can control demons with your abilities, but you cannot control humans with your abilities.

You can take over a castle, you can control a town.

But one nation. All lands beyond the horizon of my sight are my country, and if there are humans under my rule that I cannot see, and if they reject me.

What is a king supposed to do, how is he supposed to rule over people, by what logic?

I don't know.

"Something....... romantic."

Airi stared out the window, wondering if she was imagining a Darklands that included humans, and this time she looked at me.

"You know, Valerie."

"What?"

"It's romanticized because it's not easy."

"......."

A country of all demons, plus humans.

As romantic as that sounds, it's probably not possible.

That's why it's called romantic, because it's as difficult to realize as it is beautiful.

"But I'm a dreamer, right?"

Airi smiles at me.

"Bali, if that's your dream."

"......."

"Since I no longer have the ability to give you that dream, I'll try to make it happen in real life."

Succubus, a demon associated with dreams.

It's a demon that drains energy by making someone dream, but now it's impossible to make someone dream.

So, try to make that dream come true.

The words struck a chord, a deep chord.

Airi stares out the window.

Torch-bearing soldiers could be seen moving down a distant cliff.

"Still....... I wish I had that power today."

"...... is it?"

The power to dream.

Why is that a bad thing in this situation?

"Many children will have lost their parents and siblings. They won't be able to sleep, and if they do, they won't be able to get out of those nightmares......."

"Ah."

"Even if I couldn't save someone's reality, I could have given them a comfortable dream for the moment they fell asleep. Even if there was hell after they woke up, I could have given them happiness for the moment they fell asleep....... I could have given them a moment of happiness......."

So that you can have a restful dream, not absorb energy.

To help you escape the nightmare of reality and find some respite, if only in your dreams.

If the nightmare resurfaces after you wake up, you'll have a moment of peace.

It was as if he wanted to use his power for the sake of suffering souls, not for the sake of someone else's energies.

The succubus's power to gift dreams is a diabolical one.

It's a power that can't save anyone's reality, but it will be damn sweet.

But it's the kind of power that can't save someone, even if you truly want to use it to save them.

A human receiving a dream from a succubus, and a succubus giving a dream to a human.

It becomes a truly sad power when a succubus uses it to want someone's happiness, rather than to want theirs.

Because neither demons nor humans can give or receive true salvation.

But Airi was missing her powers, knowing that even the slightest bit of anesthesia would be needed for those who had been through hell.

If.

to be.

A feature that has never been used before.

Use 'Add settings'.

The succubus' horns, they grow back.



[This feature is disabled].



Again, no.



[There would have to be a "common sense revision" to add that setting].

[Adding settings at that level cannot be done].



I thought I knew what it meant.

It's common knowledge that a demon's severed horns don't grow back.

But if you add a setting that allows severed horns to grow back, you're going to have to revise the common sense of every succubus and airy who has ever believed that horns don't grow back.

It's not just adding a setting, it's rewriting the world.

So it can't be done.

But importantly, he didn't just say it couldn't be done, he added a caveat.

If I try to do it, can I do it?

If so, does that mean I can use it in a way that doesn't cause common sense modifications?

This asshole will never let me use this system feature when it matters most.

Just like I couldn't turn things around with a retirement.

I'm not sure I'd want to use it in a situation like this, though.

It should be applied in a fairly limited sense, not too broadly.

The more granular and restrictive it is, the more likely you are to add to it.

No common sense tweaks happening there.

If so, you'll have to add a good reason.

Something that can cause horns to grow that shouldn't.

Reason.

No, not necessarily rational, but something that could cause something to happen that shouldn't normally happen.

Anything goes, so plausible deniability.

Rationale for making it so anyway.

a.

I thought I knew what to do.

Use the Add Settings feature.

'I', by the power of the 'Unspoken', can 'cause' the 'horns of the succubus race' to 'grow back'.

Add very limited and restrictive settings.

The power to make anything possible, but not even I know where to start.

If it's a verbalization, it can be used as a basis.



[Adding this setting requires 10,000 achievement points].



becomes.

It's not a small price to pay, but I have over 100,000 achievement points.

There's no reason not to use it.



[Use 10,000 achievement points].

[Setting added].



It's a feature I only used again after a very long time.

I stare at Airi.

"You have horns."

"Ah....... Why the horns?"

"It will grow back."

"......?"

Airi tilted her head, as if she didn't know what he was talking about.

He doesn't know what happened to him, and she doesn't.

"It's just, you know."

"Uh....... Yeah."

If I explain the details, you won't understand anyway.

Only after the horns have grown back will you know what I meant.

I'll have to tell the other succubus the same thing.

You never know how the power to make someone dream will help them later.

As the former King of Heaven, Succubus Queen, and mother of Airi, Reina used the power of the Monma to terrorize and paralyze humans into submission.

Airi, however, uses it to save the suffering.

"Thanks for the kind words, Valerie."

Airi grinned at what could have sounded like some sort of malicious prank, depending on your perspective.

"Because you say so. Like it's going to happen....... I have a weird feeling."

What Airi would look like if she really did grow horns again.

A little, I wondered.



* * *



Herriot said there must be something we could do.

Olivia told me I didn't have to do anything, that I shouldn't do anything.

Airi seemed to have changed her mind.

I don't know what they think of humans, but they seem to have a lot of affection for children.

Lerouen and Galarsh were out of the palace, and the last person left was Eleris.

"Ah....... Your Highness."

Charge, not degradation.

I wonder if they've cleaned up their titles now that they're kings," Eleris said, looking at me from the throne room.

Was it possible to be a king in a day?

I became king, not to rebuild the realm, but to deal with the Gate debacle that eventually happened.

In the end, I won't be able to escape the shackles of being a gatekeeper.

One way or another, the gate was bound to happen.

If I hadn't done anything, would the gate have happened in some way?

I don't know.

However, Eleris is the one who caused the gate, and I want to do something about it.

Elise was sitting alone at the table, scribbling away at whatever it was she was doing.

"What were you doing?"

"Ah....... new magic....... I've been thinking about."

"Magic?"

In response to my question, Eleris continued with a gloomy expression.

"There will be a lot of people who have lost their homes....... So we'll need a place to house them, even if only temporarily....... I thought I'd try my hand at creating some magic to organize a temporary home for that sort of thing......."

"Ah."

I couldn't help but notice the misery on Eleris's face.

It's a very strange thing to do, to try to fix a disaster you've created.

She would rather wish for death.

Saving people had ended up like this, and no matter how much pressure she was under, Eleris had activated Akasha with her own hands, with her own will. To save me.

I was told that the Akasha I used was gone.

Akasha itself was already otherworldly, so it didn't technically disappear, but Akasha became the Gate itself.

Gate events are not something you can bite off.

That's why the guilt she's feeling now is more than she can handle.

Letting her die might have been a good choice for her.

I can't imagine the miserable feelings and guilt that Elise must be going through as she does this with an overwhelming amount of guilt.

Elise and I would be sinners.

Ellen seemed to think this was all her fault, but I don't think so.

I'm grateful to the three of them for trusting me in this situation.

But I don't blame Ellen and Charlotte for not believing me. They didn't believe me, and I think I had a lot of evidence to back that up.

Resentment and hatred won't solve anything. The real enemy I have to deal with is not Ellen or Charlotte, but the monsters at the gate.

So the blame for this whole mess falls on me and Elise.

Eleris seemed to envision that kind of magic, to make a home, even temporarily, for those who had lost theirs.

It's a small piece of magic, but it's absolutely necessary in this situation.

That won't be the end of it.

If I hadn't met Elise, if I hadn't met the demon spies, the gate incident would not have happened.

Still, on the road to Akasha, I told Elise that I wouldn't regret any of this.

Even if our meeting is remembered as something to regret, I decided not to regret it.

It all twisted and turned to get here, but I chose to do it, and I don't regret it.

"I don't regret it."

"......."

So when she heard me say those words again, she hung her head in dismay.

"Because there's still work to be done, and I don't think the price we pay will necessarily bring only bad things, because I don't think it will......."

I put my hand on Elyse's shoulder as she bowed her head.

"Anything we can do, let's do it."

There's nothing I can do about Eleris's guilt.

No matter how much pressure was put on her, she made a choice.

The world and me.

At the crossroads, Eleris was the one who should have chosen the world.

It certainly was.

I regretted so much killing, and I wanted to make amends, even if it was just a little, so I should have never activated Akasha, even if it meant abandoning Eleris.

However, Eleris abandoned the world and chose me.

Everyone else will point to Eleris as the guilty party, and the world should be unable to forgive her for causing the Gate.

But I shouldn't.

No matter how much responsibility she felt, no matter how much pressure she felt from others, Elise made her own choice.

You don't even have to ask why.

He would have traded me for the whole world because he loved me, because he valued me.

You destroyed the world.

To the one who loved me enough to do so.

Why.

Shouldn't you have let me die?

I can't say that.

The world, even my own people, may come to hate Eleris as much as the source of the horrors to come, but not me.

I must love Eleris.

I have to be on Eleris' side.

"Too....... Too....... I'm sorry. I've done everything....... I'm afraid I've....... I have ruined......."

"No, it's fine."

It's not okay, but.

You should say yes.

To the heart of Eleris, in this love.

I am grateful.

"charge to....... No....... to lose you....... It would be....... to lose you too...... too....... So scared....... So sad that it all has to end like this....... Too sorry to....... So sad that....... to lose you......."

A sobbing Elise hugged me.

"No matter what....... I didn't want to lose......."

Eleris held me close and cried for a long time.

I hugged her, too.

Like you're never going to let go again.





Episode 456.





The day after capturing the Edina Archipelago.

I thought almost half the vassals and soldiers would flee.

To my surprise, there were less than a dozen people who rejected me and disappeared.

The devil has taken the country.

For the people of the House of Edina, that would be deprivation.

But to vassals, soldiers, and citizens, it would mean something else.

The weak royal family is gone, and an absolute called the Demon King has taken its place.

And this is an island.

There's nowhere to go but up. Sailing the oceans to the continent is only for the bravest of captains and sailors.

So there was no choice but to fear the new demon, but to stay and hope that he was not as frightening as the world perceived, rather than to reject him.

As such, the majority of royal vassals and troops had very few deserters. So where did the missing ones go, I rather wondered.

In front of me on the throne, an employee of the royal administration in charge of damage control began to stutter and say things.

How many houses were destroyed, how many people were killed, how many people were left homeless, and how much relief was available in the city.

Honestly, it fell on deaf ears.

I'm bad with numbers.

With so many deaths translated into numbers, I found the list of numbers more complicated than sad.

"Okay, first of all, can we get enough relief to the refugees?"

"If we start supplying them now, they can survive, but there is a general lack of facilities to house the refugees. The favorable season means they won't freeze to death, but....... Whether winter won't come until after the massive renovations are done....... We don't really know."

In attendance were not only vassals and soldiers of the kingdom of Edina, but also my own people.

Herriot and Airi stood on either side of me, and Ellerys was behind me, minus Galarsh and Lerouen, who were away.

Riana is getting married because she doesn't know how to run a country, and Olivia is on her way to Razak city to treat the wounded because she hates helping people but will do it because I want her to.

"What are the numbers of refugees?"

"About eight thousand people."

Eight thousand people.

Eight thousand people were left without a place to stay. But the number of people actually in need is five times that, more than 45,000, the representative reported.

It may seem like a lot, but if we had been any later, eight thousand people without a place to stay could have become forty-five thousand.

"I think we should set up a large refugee camp on the outskirts of the city......."

The vassals' faces turned grim.

I know it needs to be done, but is it really that easy?

It's hard enough to think about feeding and housing eight thousand people.

Even if you spend a royal fortune feeding them, there's a limit.

Believe it or not, they can't trade between continents. So importing materials and food is out of the question.

And the construction period.

If we can't provide refugees with a warm place to sleep before winter arrives, they will freeze to death.

Food, shelter.

Ritualism is a problem for individuals, but at scale, it's a headache.

"Hey, Elise, what happened to your house-making magic?"

"I think it needs a little more work, but....... I can probably have a draft in two days."

As I talked to Elise in the throne room, I could see everyone was panicking.

House-making magic.

Wizards are an extremely rare resource in the first place.

It's a temple, so there are enough wannabe wizards to run over.

So even if magic could solve the problems in the southernmost part of the continent, there's no way it could do anything because wizards are so few and far between.

Temple's talent is picked and chosen from across the continent, so it's not surprising that some things are commonplace.

The benefits of magic are very hard to come by here, as I've seen a Templar and a Captain of the Guard fall to a single blow from my sword.

"Even if you build a house, you still need materials. How do you pay for that?"

"There's a lot of wood, we can cut it down, and even if we don't, we can make up for it with magic that interferes with the natural world, so I don't think you need to worry about that."

"People?"

"I think I can do this on my own."

When the wizard announces that he will single-handedly build temporary housing for the eight thousand refugees that are needed, all of the vassals' faces begin to change.

The problems of royal vassals are solved by a single wizard.

I have three Lord Vampires to begin with. All of them have already reached the level of Archmage.

And to my right is Herriot, who can do magic that even they can't imagine.

Magic can be the answer to most problems.

It's just important that the number of people who benefit from the magic is extremely small.

And it's even rarer to have the benefit of an archmage who can do this.

They will know in less than a week that my rule can only be a blessing to the people of the archipelago.

"What are you surprised about?"

I laugh at my dumbfounded vassals.

"I am the devil."

We've started to rule them with fear, but we don't intentionally create fear.

Because there's really no reason to.

"No matter what you imagine, you'll see more than that."

In more ways than one.



* * *



I decided to do what I could.

Of course, there is no such thing as a grandiose goal of creating an ultra-fair, perfect state for its citizens.

I'm going to organize a country that runs the way I want it to run, a country where I can do what I want to do.

As a result, I may wish people peace and well-being, but it doesn't change the fact that I am a dictator.

I will conscript if necessary, I will take the property of the citizens, and I will make them move at my command if that is what it takes.

The first thing I did was capture the Edina Archipelago.

While the gate situation has been initially wrapped up, urgent action on the four hard-hit ports must be prioritized.

We'll also do the following steps at the same time

I chose the Edina Archipelago as my base because it's a place where I only need to take down four gates to be immune to the gate events on the continent.

Countless cities will be destroyed, people will be killed, and a great deal of land will be turned into an uninhabited landscape where monsters roam.

There are also many towns and cities without gates.

They suffer additional damage as the monsters in the gate proliferate.

It is difficult to defend such places. The monsters will continue to pour in, and my forces, while soon to be replenished, are limited.

So the next goal is to rescue people from the continent and relocate them to the Edina Archipelago.

You must rescue survivors from cities, towns, and monsters that could fall at any moment and relocate them to the Edina Archipelago, which is out of the gate's reach.

Warp gate systems are not available.

So you have to physically move people around.

Next, I convened the captains of the large fleet remaining in the Edina Archipelago.

The faces of the shipowners were understandably filled with horror as they realized that the throne of the Edina Archipelago belonged to the Devil.

"As Lord of the Edina Archipelago and King of the Demon Realm, I hereby commandeer all ships, captains, and crews, effective immediately."

If you think I'm just going to be a good lord, you're wrong.

I will take it away, if necessary.

"Speak up if you have any objections."

No ordinary king, but a horned demon.

Archdemon.

I'll take full advantage of the fear that comes with my name.

You will arbitrarily imagine that you will suffer something worse than death if you refuse my command.

That imagination, too, helps me dominate.

Naturally, everyone was horrified and no one objected.

"First, we will organize three fleets, each of which will pick up refugees from the three affected ports and bring them here to Rajaq."

The ship's owners are all white-faced because they're about to be eaten alive, but the vassals nod when I tell them I'm doing it to house the refugees.

"And then we organize the largest fleet we can find to head for the continent."

The vassals' expressions turned puzzled as I told them that I was heading to a continent that had already become a hellhole.

"Soon, my armies will cross the oceans and come here. The fleets will be tasked with periodically traveling back and forth between the continents, transporting the people of the continents and my armies at regular intervals."

Galarsh is currently traveling to his stronghold in the Gelkorgis Desert to rally the cultists.

You can't move them all with a mass teleport.

Therefore, I will organize a large fleet to relocate them to the Edina Archipelago and place them under my control.

An archipelago isn't going to be populated by people.

The good news is that there are many uninhabited islands in the Edina Archipelago.

There's a lot of land.

So it's just a matter of clearing and settling to make it habitable.

A place where you can avoid continental catastrophes and live without worrying about monsters.

The Edina Archipelago will provide refuge for people.

"In the long term, the uninhabited islands of the Edina Archipelago will also be expanded and colonized to make them habitable."

It may be possible to turn a small island nation to the south into a major power in a makeshift refugee camp.

However, it is hoped that this island region, far away from the continent, will provide people with a place to hide from danger.

I want it, and I'm going to make it happen.

That's not all.

Demons of the fringes.

They may not be directly affected by this gate, but they may be affected in the long run.

You will also need to work on subjugating them and integrating them into your faction.

And a port connecting the Edina Archipelago to the continent.

That port probably had a gate incident as well, so we should start taking action there as well.

Organize an army to rid the continent of the monsters that have overrun it, and base it at the continent's ports.

There was a lot of work to be done.

Too.

There were too many.



* * *



A city in ruins, in the middle of nowhere.

-Puuk

Atop a mountain of corpses, Ellen Artorius drew her sword.

In a mountain of tangled human and monster carcasses, Ellen slowly rose to her feet as the last of the creatures gasped for air.

Atop a mountain of corpses, Ellen looks around.

Amongst the charred buildings, the Imperials were just wrapping up the battle.

After descending the mountain of corpses, Ellen puts the ramen into the sheath of her sword and opens the collar of her cloak.

There was a mixture of awe and respect, admiration and fear in the eyes of the soldiers as they watched Ellen descend from below.

As a vanguard, he entered the ruined metropolis alone, slaughtered dangerous monsters, and fought alongside the main body.

In effect, she was single-handedly responsible for exterminating the city's monsters.

"Hey, are you okay, warrior......?"

"Yes."

With a cold, impassive demeanor that wouldn't hold a toothpick, Ellen nodded.

In the distance, someone came toward Ellen.

"Are you okay? Shouldn't you get some rest? You haven't slept in days."

It was Ellen's classmate, Heinrich von Schwarz. Ellen shook her head at her classmate's concern.

"...... is fine."

Heinrich, a Pyrokinetic, headed off somewhere, leaving a note to keep an eye out for him when he had time, as the battle was now over and he would be tasked with burning the corpses.

In a time when the Empire is one man short, Temple's combat-ready students are being dispatched across the continent to exterminate monsters.

Countless soldiers, knights, and students died.

For not believing in the Devil, humanity was paying a steep price.

Two years after Gate.

Yet, humanity has not reclaimed all the land.

Ellen's eyes were empty, as if she'd seen so much death that she'd grown accustomed to it, both monster and ally.

Then, on the edge of a burning city, Ellen saw a group of refugees carrying sacks being led by soldiers.

"Were the survivors....... were there?"

At Ellen's question, the soldiers shook their heads; there could be no survivors in the already ruined city for this long.

"They're not survivors, they're refugees. They found them on the outskirts of the city."

"ah......."

"They said it was saying weird things."

"......Strange?"

At Ellen's question, the soldier gave her an ambiguous look.

"Yeah, they say there's paradise if you go south....... So I was on my way south......."

Paradise.

Ellen looked around.

Burning streets, mountains of bodies.

Soldiers and knights who have grown so accustomed to the corpses that they no longer even gag at the sight of death strewn about.

Hell is temporal, and people have become familiar inhabitants of it.

Where in this hell is paradise?

You've just destroyed what might have been a paradise.

Where in the world can we find paradise and rest.

With so much despair in the world, people began to believe strange things. That there might be hope somewhere.

Ellen is the one responsible for this hell.

That's why I couldn't rest.

He doesn't believe in a paradise that doesn't exist; he believes his only job is to erase hell from the world, bit by bit.

With that thought, Ellen set off in search of her next mission.





Episode 457.





Very few countries were intact.

"We have word, Your Majesty, that the Special Forces, led by Ellen Artorius, have succeeded in reclaiming the Lambator Principality."

"......Yes. That's good."

From his throne in the Realm of Reality, Bertus nodded slowly as he stroked his scepter.

Last month, Imperial Emperor Neliod de Gradias passed away.

The Ancestral Emperor survived the Great Demon War, but after the events of the Gate, his strength began to decline and he eventually died.

The responsibility, guilt, and gravity of the situation ultimately killed the emperor.

Bertus de Gradias inherited the throne without even a proper coronation.

The emperor's position was taken in a way that Bertus never wanted.

The twilight of humanity.

In a moment that can only be characterized as such, Bertus was fighting a war for the fate of humanity.

Mindless monsters rampage across the continent, driven only to kill humans.

No negotiations, no diplomacy.

It was a war whose sole purpose was the annihilation of the other.

And everyone had some responsibility in all of this.

The devil himself.

The Demon King's men, who activated Akasha to save the Demon King.

An empire that didn't believe the devil.

But the details didn't spread, and most people only knew at face value that it was caused by the devil.

Only the Popes of the Five Great Houses, the Grand Master of the Crusade Knights, and a few members of the Imperial Family, including Ellen, knew of these events.

After Gate, things were looking bleak, but not without progress.

"Your Majesty, the 1st Commando of Shanafel, led by Sir Saviolin Tana, has succeeded in propagating the Warp Gate of Hashfell, capital of the Kingdom of Haig."

"......Good."

While Ellen Artorius and her squad were tasked with killing all the monsters in the ruined city, Saviolin Tana had the even more dangerous task of getting there before them, destroying all the warp gates that spewed them out, and then fleeing the area.

If Ellen moves to repair the region, Savior Tana works to repair the region.

Both were on a very dangerous mission.

Their roles were crucial now.

Saviolin Tana as the undisputed strongest human being. Ellen Artorius is the savior of mankind with two holy relics.

In a world where Olivia Ranze and the Devil have disappeared with the holy relics, she is the hope of humanity.

More than just talented, they were two powerful crutches for a desperate humanity.

The belief that Ellen Artorius will save humanity.

Of the Five Great Lords, Tuan and Als chose the Demon and those who disappeared with him.

Thus, the martial religion of Ellen Artorius as a prophet had already begun to encroach on folk beliefs, with unsavory results.

The power of the Empire declined, and many empires collapsed.

Even the countries that have managed to hold on have barely managed to hold on to their capitals and a few key cities.

You must destroy all the warp gates on the continent and slay the otherworldly monsters scattered across the land.

The rebuilding of humanity begins after that.

But will that day ever come?

'Reinhard.......'

Bertus gritted his teeth.

'Yeah, I was wrong. I was wrong about everything, one through ten.

I didn't believe it because I couldn't believe it.

In return, I was forced to stand at the crossroads of humanity's downfall and rebuilding every moment.

The Imperial Zodiacal Gradient was filled with shantytowns teeming with refugees from vast regions.

We couldn't leave the people who had been rescued from the monster's clutches alone, so we had to bring them back to the imperial capital.

They had to survive somehow in this part of the ecliptic.

Relief supplies are scarce, and there is no bread to give them, which inevitably leads to criminal activity.

The shantytowns outside the boundaries of the ecliptic were, therefore, a vast frontier.

You never know when they might suddenly turn into a mob and storm the palace.

Where is the legitimacy of an empire when a mob of helpless subjects descends upon the palace, and what can you do but kill them all?

In the two years since the gate incident, the size of the ecliptic gradient has more than tripled since the refugees arrived.

It was not uncommon for monsters from the far reaches of the ecliptic to wander the land after exiting the gates and raid the outer reaches of the ecliptic.

And that wasn't the only problem.

The refugees in the shantytowns are refugees who have found their way to the ecliptic in one way or another, and most of them have been helped by the Empire.

Soon, there were quite a few people who had experienced Ellen Artorius' greatness firsthand.

After Ellen slashed through hundreds of monsters, many were rescued.

As such, most of the refugees were believers in Shintoism.

"The persecution of believers in Tuan and Als is....... is crossing the line."

"......Yes."

Tiamata and Alsbringer chose the Demon.

As such, while the Warrior Cultists don't like the other Five Great Houses of God, Tuan and Als are practically demonic religions.

It was not uncommon for followers of both denominations to be stoned to death, and for Tuan priests sent to treat the wounded to be verbally abused.

An insubstantial faith was becoming increasingly entrenched in the folklore of the powerful Ellen Artorius.

And other issues, such as the warrior faith.

"Your Majesty....... I am honored by your words......."

Bertus narrowed his eyes, as if he knew what he was talking about.

"Another round of protests to get Charlotte out?"

"......Yes."

The enraged Championists wanted a scapegoat.

Charlotte de Gradias is clearly cursed by the Devil.

The Heroic Cultists had already gone beyond the rumor that Charlotte was cursed by the Devil and were screaming that she was probably a collaborator of the Devil and should be killed.

The protests calling for the empress to be killed had already gained the support of a large crowd.

It's no good saying that killing the Empress won't change anything.

The most important enemy is the Devil.

But the devil is nowhere to be found in the world, so people want a scapegoat.

People were shouting that Charlotte de Gradias, the Devil's collaborator, should be killed.

However, there is only one reason why the followers of the Dragonlord religion have not gone beyond protesting.

This is because Charlotte's guardian knight is Ellen Artorius, the savior of the humanity they worship.

The more Ellen is involved, the more her beliefs are reinforced, putting Charlotte's life in danger.

But that's exactly what was happening, with Ellen's fame becoming a shield for Charlotte.



* * *



After completing his morning duties, Bertus visited the Palace of Spring.

Entering the sparsely populated but heavily guarded Palace of Spring, Bertus headed straight for Charlotte's bedroom.

In the bedroom was his brother, Charlotte de Gradias, sitting in the dark.

Charlotte had been in that state for some time and hadn't been able to get back to normal.

"Brother."

"......."

Charlotte cocked her head and looked at Bertus.

Charlotte, with her black hair and red devil eyes, was not allowed to go outside.

To anyone who saw her, even Bertus, who was trying to protect her, it was clear that Charlotte's form was cursed by the devil.

Even worse, Bertus realizes that it's actually a fusion of the demon and Charlotte's soul.

She's not cursed by the devil, she's possessed by the devil's spirit.

The crowd would be even more rabid if the truth were told.

If you put a demonized Charlotte in front of an unspecified number of people and tell them that the Empress is actually innocent of any wrongdoing, who will believe you?

Who would believe the Empress, who embodied ominousness itself?

"Have you eaten?"

At Bertus's question, Charlotte shook her head.

Bertus pulled up a chair and sat down at Charlotte's bedside.

After the events of the Gate, monsters also appeared from the Gate hidden in the basement of the Palace of Spring.

Charlotte used her powers to defeat the monster and destroy the gate.

But after the dust settled, Bertus explained everything to Charlotte.

Apparently, the demon was really trying to stop this.

While it's clear that the devil's minions caused this, Reinhardt doesn't think he really wanted it to happen.

A desperate brother who had been used by the devil from start to finish, wondering if he could ever get back on track in this bizarre form.

I'm not being taken advantage of.

It's hard to believe, but Reinhardt really cared about people, and he seemed to care about you.

He wondered if that would help Charlotte.

But as it turns out, it was the biggest mistake of all.

As if they regret some of the things they've said.

Unable to breathe, Charlotte fevered and lost consciousness.

Afterward, upon awakening, Charlotte began to act as if she had lost most of her speech.

For the sins of speech, I've stopped saying anything but the bare minimum.

However, Charlotte was locked in her bedroom at the Palace of Spring and couldn't or wouldn't come out on her own.

Bertus had a hunch that Charlotte was driven by remorse for the many curses she had spoken to the demon, for the many times she had felt betrayed by him.

You've been used by a demon.

So he cursed the man who had saved him so many times to die the most miserable death in the world.

Like Ellen, there were many who felt it was their responsibility, and Charlotte was one of them.

Charlotte was in shock and guilt.

In the form of a cursed horror, he is unable to help anyone, or even take a step outside of the Palace of Spring.

So Charlotte was slowly sinking into darkness where spring should have been.

The crowd wants Charlotte dead.

As his hatred of the Devil grows, so does his hatred of Charlotte.

If there's a critical mass of people who say we can't kill the devil, so we'll kill Charlotte instead, then Charlotte may indeed be the scapegoat.

Bertus held still, squeezing Charlotte's shrunken hand.

It was slender.

"Brother......."

"......."

It was a competitor I hated to kill, but at some point I felt sorry for him and couldn't hate him anymore.

Two years after Gate.

Now Bertus wanted to protect Charlotte at all costs.

But.

One day, Bertus may have to hand Charlotte over to the crowd himself.

Now you may be forced to make the decision to kill Charlotte with your own hands, even though you don't want to.

Charlotte and the Empire.

Weighing the two on a scale, Bertus is forced to choose the Empire.

Because emperors are supposed to.

"I'm having a hard time with....... It's hard......."

With those words, Bertus walked away.

After Bertus left, Charlotte stood still, staring out the window of the Palace of Spring.

Even if the world ends.

Even if humanity's fortunes were on the line.

Even when a dark cloud hangs over your mind, and the darkness threatens to consume you.

The sun was shining.



* * *



While Ellen is taking on the monsters as humanity's hope, the other students at Temple are also in the fray, each with their own mission.

-Kyaaah!

"Hmph!"

As the three-headed snake slithered across the floor in front of him, Ludwig dodged the attack with a fluid motion and swung his sword at the snake's head.

-skuck!

Enveloped in a fiery blue aura, Ludwig struck down one snake's head, and when another tried to bite his arm, he gave it away.

-Bam!

Rather, Ludwig stuck his hand into the snake's gullet and, with a hand burning with blue magic, yanked out the snake's tongue, while simultaneously cutting off the other's head.

-Thump!

The three-headed snake's body began to wriggle on the ground, and Ludwig stepped back in a cold sweat.

"Whoa....... Whoa......."

"Ludwig! Up!"

"Huh?"

Once the giant snake was dealt with, a giant flying creature began its descent, sharp claws outstretched to snatch Ludwig from the sky.

But before the creature's claws could reach Ludwig, flames struck the creature's head.

-Quack!

The impact of the explosion sent the behemoth reeling, and it slammed into the ground to Ludwig's right.

"Hmph!"

Ludwig immediately plunged his sword into the flying creature's head, and it soon stopped struggling.

"Woohoo....... Thanks, Delphine."

"Careful, you keep forgetting there's more than one monster."

"It should be......."

Ludwig looked around, brushing the blood and oil from his sword.

Temple's students were also being sent into combat, though not on missions as dangerous as Ellen's.

"But spirits, that's really interesting."

Ludwig said as he looked at the strange creatures, neither ghosts nor monsters, floating beside Delphine Izadra.

"Because whatever helps in this situation."

The flying creature that had just struck was a bird-like spirit with flames floating to Delphine's right.

During the fight against the Gate, Delphine Isadra, naturally gifted in archery, took to the field with a bow.

But in a moment of crisis, when Ludwig was about to lose his life to the monster, Delphine summoned a spirit to protect him from the attack.

Neither Delphine nor the Empire knows what a spirit is.

I could only assume it was some kind of unexplained power, akin to a superpower.

Delphine doesn't know why the spirits are helping her.

The Empire was interested in Elementalism, but there was no such thing as time to study it.

Delphine Isadra, the only elementalist in the world, summoned the spirits of wind, fire, and thunder to fight.

'Reinhard.......'

Ludwig heads to the next fight, sword in hand.

Ludwig gritted his teeth as he stepped over shattered buildings and the bodies of dead soldiers.

"One day, I'm going to make you pay for all of this.

The controlled truth is that more people still don't know.

That's why the world is full of devil-haters.



* * *



Over the horizon, masts begin to rise one by one.

"How many people were there last time you saw them?"

"Probably....... eight hundred?"

Herriot paused for a moment before answering my question.

Fighting monsters and rescuing civilians on the continent.

Refugees are escorted to Port Mokna, the port connecting the continent to the Edina Archipelago, where they are loaded onto boats and sent to the Edina Archipelago.

My troops on the continent were still rescuing displaced vagabonds and refugees, putting them on ships and sending them to the Edina Archipelago.

The Empire does not know that I have established a stronghold in the Edina Archipelago.

Port Mokna isn't that important, and the Empire has other places to worry about.

"You should have explained it better. I'm tired of seeing them freak out and jump in the water as soon as they get off the boat."

"I'm sure you did a good job."

"I hope so."

The Edina Archipelago is no ordinary place.

First, I, the leader, am the devil.

And some of those on the streets are demons.

From demons such as orcs and goblins to succubi, there were definitely ogres living on the Edina Archipelago, though not many of the larger species.

I'm tired of hearing people screaming that they've been rescued by mysterious people, followed a long sea path, and are about to be eaten by demons.

The good news is that the people of the archipelago have gotten used to the demons coming and going as they please.

Of course, I still see the occasional child peeing at the sight of an orc or ogre.

Fortunately, without any visible clashes, the demons and humans were getting along without too much trouble, if not completely merging.

It wasn't without its frustrations and fears.

However, that complaint was quickly put to rest when the refugees arrived and rumors of a continent gone to hell spread.

Because everyone knows that the only way to defy my rule and flee to the continent is death.

I was standing on the dock in Razak with Harriet. I was at the front of the line, and there were tons of people waiting to escort people from the refugee ships that were about to dock.

It had always been a large port city, but the size of the harbor was much larger than before, as large fleets of ships carrying refugees rather than trade goods were arriving and departing.

-sigh

As we waited to enter the harbor, Harriet and I could see one of the inyongs approaching us as we swam through the clear waters.

"Oh, there......."

"Uh."

Soon, the thing that was so close to my nose emerged from the water with only the top half of its body.

"Your Majesty, I've prepared the provisions you spoke of on the western shore, and they'll soon wash up on the current."

A being with the upper half of a human and the lower half of a fish.

It was Mermaid, or mermaids.

"Yeah, I'll put people on hold there, it's always a pain."

"No, we are honored to serve your majesty."

As sea-dwelling demons, mermaids could not be minions of the devil.

But for now, the beach is my home base.

The mermaids, who weren't exactly hostile to humans, became my allies in a way that scared me to death.

With food always in short supply, they were tasked with gathering marine food resources.

Their efficiency is unparalleled by fishermen, and they are in fact responsible for much of the food situation in the Edina Archipelago, especially in Rajak.

The red-haired mermaid, in the form of a woman, soon dives headfirst into the ocean and glides through the water, disappearing. Harriet watched in disbelief as the mermaid glided through the water.

"Mermaids are....... I think they're really pretty."

True to Herriot's words, mermaids are more beautiful creatures than I ever imagined. I didn't even know they existed.

Of course, she always showed up naked with her upper body completely uncovered, so I had to nag her for quite a while to put on some seaweed when we met.

He just showed up with a kelp-like thing across his chest.

As for the demons, well, aside from their ability to dominate, they're dead, if you ask me. The mere sight of my face thrills them.

So the demons were unconditionally on my side.

Anyway.

It's true that mermaids are pretty.

"I suppose so."

"......."

At my words, Harriet stares at me.

Uh, what?

Angry?

"Oh, no, what....... You said it first......!"

"Well. Idiot."

A fleet of ships approaches on the horizon.

The Edina Archipelago is a place where distance from the continent is usually a fatal disadvantage, but in this case, it could serve as a refuge for all those affected by the Gate.

One by one, the ships pulled in, and one by one, the evacuees disembarked, led by the soldiers.

Fortunately, the captain and crew had done a good job of explaining, and while the evacuees seemed to be frightened by the demonic landscape, they didn't scream or try to run away.

They've seen hell on the continent. They have nowhere else to go, and they have been wandering aimlessly, fleeing monsters.

Not knowing when they will die, their only option is to live among the demons.

Evacuees have been living in temporary shelters for some time.

The succubi were lined up at the entrance to the huge temporary shelter where they would arrive.

All of them had regrown all of their horns and were much more numerous.

By my word, all the severed horns of the succubus that should not have grown back grew.

Some of the succubi stayed by Airi's side, but many returned to the Darklands.

I brought the succubi back to Darkland.

Succubi with regrown horns.

Frightened by the demons, but mesmerized by their appearance, the refugees stare at the succubi in a daze.

It was the same for Herriot.

"Who would have thought succubi could do that......."

As Herriot says, it's ridiculous.

Right now, the succubi were acting like psychotherapists.





Episode 458.





Most of them have lost family members and have fled from the clutches of monsters that would traumatize them for the rest of their lives.

So their mental state can't be normal.

You run for your life, and when you're running, you don't think about it, but when you get to an archipelago and you're at least out of harm's way, you're hit with the aftermath.

On the contrary, after reaching the Edina Archipelago, many of them took their own lives as they thought about what they had lost.

As Airi said, something that allows them to escape the hell of reality, if only for a little while.

It worked better than I could have imagined.

It makes you dream of peaceful images.

This had the side effect of making the evacuees obsessed with the succubi like they were looking for a drug, but in the end, it definitely helped to give them a little peace of mind after the hell they had been through.

Soon, succubi were counseling each evacuee, listening to their stories and, if necessary, controlling their dreams so they wouldn't have nightmares.

Originally, in Razak, the capital of the Edina Archipelago, the reputation of succubi like Airi had fallen into disrepute.

Public opinion even turned ugly when it became known that they weren't even human, but succubus.

But not for the refugees.

The succubi who smiled, listened, and comforted them upon their arrival in the fearful land of demons were to the refugees angels in demonic form.

So the refugees love the succubi more than they love me, the demon king, and they love their leader, the succubus queen, Airi.

What is a dream.

Even when they know that the little reprieve they find there can't change reality, they still want to dream happy dreams and love the succubi who give them to them.

You can control humans with dreams other than nightmares.

During this time, I learned something new about myself, as well as the succubi.

"Your Majesty, all personnel have disembarked."

It was a pale-faced being in black robes who came to me.

"Good job."

All ships with sails have a set sailing speed.

And since ships have been sinking with refugees at sea during storms, I have assigned mages from the Lord Vampire clan to be in charge, one for each ship.

With the wizard's help, we can sail safely through rough seas and travel quickly through calm waters.

"Also, the Thunder King is said to be returning soon."

"......Ah, okay."

When he finished, the fleet captain stepped aside.

Herriot pursed his lips and watched the vampire's retreating back.

"Riana is....... Do you think she'll like that nickname......?"

"If you don't like it, you're going to hate it. You're going to love it."

"Is that......?"

You said something about a thousand kings.

At some point, people started calling Liana de Granz the Brainiac.

And judging by the fact that he didn't say anything about it, I think he liked it.

Riana was in charge of evacuation missions and base defense at Port Mokna, the continental connection to the Edina Archipelago.

So, in effect, it was Riana who saved most of the evacuees.

On the continent, Riana.

When you reach the archipelago, Airi.

I was in charge of the refugees.

"I think we're done disembarking."

"......what?"

I thought it was going to take a while, but have the evacuees been disembarked by now?

Herriot shakes his head slightly.

"Maybe the numbers are a little low....... Um....... not?"

"Nothing happened. Let's go back."

"Yes."

This time, the evacuees arrived safely, with little fuss or trouble.

We haven't had any extreme problems lately because we've done a good job of training up front, but in the early days we had a lot of really serious issues.

You're the one who gets scared and tries to run away.

There were quite a few guys on the street who said they would kill us all on arrival.

If the devil is the cause of all this, how can we live under his rule?

There were some people who said things that weren't technically wrong, but were just outraged.

And it was clear to me that this frustration and hatred was lying dormant among people.



* * *



We know that the devil is responsible for all of this, and some people would rather die than live under his protection.

But all their anger and hatred cannot be expressed in front of me.

They know there is no substitute for me.

No one tried to do anything about it unless they were willing to die.

Of course, that means it was there.

I made no defense for myself, no excuses.

All they had to do was rescue them from the continent, give them a place to sleep and food, and make them part of the archipelago.

After the temporary shelter has cared for them for some time, they are sent to the frontier somewhere on Edina Island or another island.

Like it or not, it has to live its new life in a place we decide.

Feeding and housing them for free is temporary, but it's not like you're going to be responsible for them forever.

Just as those who arrive on the archipelago must get used to the intermingling of demons, they must also come to terms with the cause of all this: my domination.

I recognize that this vicious anger and hatred could be a knife under my chin, but they will know that there is no future for them if they do such a thing.

They know that what they eat, wear, and drink is maintained by the near-pro bono labor of demons.

Of course, they're not the only ones.

-Ohhh, His Majesty the Devil.......

-Must have left the inspection.......

Some of the people who saw me walking down the street bowed their heads deeply as soon as they saw me and didn't look up until I passed.

There are quite a few people who believe that I caused the Gate debacle, which is a rumor spread by the Empire.

If I did, there would be no reason to rescue and feed people like this.

It turns out that all the rumors about the Devil were just that, rumors, and many people actually believe that the Devil is good.

I'm actually the one who saved the entire archipelago, not just this one, but all of the gate incidents in the archipelago, by taking them down on the first day.

I said nothing that was true or false.

I didn't become king because of their support in the first place.

I have ruled them with power, and I have the strength to maintain my throne.

If my opposition grows too large, I have the power to purge them.

So whether they hated me or worshiped me, it didn't matter to me.

Some people hate me, some people worship me.

Actually, it's just something that happens all the time in any country in any era.



* * *



Back at the royal palace, Alreal.

"Your Majesty, there has been a murder in the district south of the refugee camp."

"...... is it?"

After all, there is a lot of insecurity in the country, so we hear about these crimes.

Homicide.

But instead of being shocked by it, I found myself rolling my eyes and wondering if it was just another annoyance.

"Last night, two adult males got into an argument and killed the other by stabbing him in the nasal cavity, and the perpetrator is now in the custody of the refuge's security."

"...... Investigate, and if you think he's guilty, kill him. If you think he deserves it, send him to the slaughterhouse."

"Yes, Your Highness."

Sudden outbursts of violence from refugees are nothing new.

I've come this far in a bad way, and I can't afford it, so I can't even count stealing, and there are a lot of extreme cases like this.

The point is, crimes happen, but we can't afford to build prisons at scale to house them.

"Your Majesty, a field officer has been caught stealing crops from farmland beyond the eastern district of the refugee camps......."

"Send them to the labor camp."

"Yes, Your Highness."

There is an absolute shortage of prisons to hold prisoners, so they are treated worse than refugees.

Most prisoners are used for forced labor in large-scale quarantine facilities, not prisons. It's better to use them as labor than to kill them and remove their mouths.

At some point, everything becomes just numbers.

"Your Majesty, last night......."

"Your Highness."

"Your Highness......."

"Your Highness."

Literally.

I thought I was going to go crazy.



* * *



As we walked down the hallway after the debriefing, Harriet asked cautiously.

"Why don't you take a few days off, and I can take care of the politics."

"You can't do it because you're better than me."

Her brow narrowed at my words.

"Why? Isn't that a good thing?"

"Ma, if you can get things done faster than me and make smarter decisions, what are they going to think?"

"ah......."

If the scribe under the king is better at being a king than the king is at being a scribe, there is bound to be distrust of me.

Obviously, Herriot will be a better judge of these headaches than I am, and he'll be faster.

"If you're going to do this for the rest of your life, I don't know, but if you're going to do it for a few days, you shouldn't, for your sake and mine."

It's not just a lust for dominance, it's that if you hand over the throne to Herriot, he'll have to do this for the rest of his life.

If I take over in a couple of days and people get a taste of what she's capable of, they can't help but think about that moment when she was regent.

Don't let someone too good take your place. Unless you're going to give them the job at all.

"I see. I didn't think of that. I just thought you looked so tired......."

Herriot carefully placed his hand on my forehead. Herriot's slightly cold hand touched my forehead.

Was there a column.

I'm not sure.

"Hey, you sneaky little brat. How many times do I have to tell you not to use your position to pester my highness?"

Herriot's expression turned sour at the words from down the hall.

It was Olivia Ranze, dressed in gray priestly robes.

"Oh, there she is again......."

"Why, can't I come here?"

"Why does your sister keep coming back and forth to the castle when she should be in the palace?"

"You don't think I don't know that you're trying to nail me to the altar with those words, and that you're trying to, uh, uh, just, uh, okay, kill me?"

"What are you really talking about, dumbass?"

I stare in disbelief as Olivia and Harriet get into a snowball fight.

Riana is a key frontline combatant.

Airi is a trauma nurse for the evacuees.

Herriot is my advisor and scribe, always there to give me input.

"I have a sermon to preach to the refugees who arrived today, but before that, I just wanted to see your majesty's face."

Olivia Ranze was the head priestess of the Unified Holy Order.

So.

Something akin to Protestantism was now the dominant faith in the Edina Archipelago, and Olivia Ranze had become its leader.



* * *



A hermit cult in the deserts of Gelkorgis.

Based on the information Olivia had given them, the Gazoo Galarsh of Friday had led them from the desert to the southern part of the continent.

In the far reaches of the ocean south of the continent, the Demon King has created a nation, claiming the Demon Cultists as his subjects.

I could organize a large fleet and bring tens of thousands of Demonists to the archipelago.

However, there was bound to be some noise.

Their way of believing was bizarre even to me.

Call it primitive or call it brutal.

Cannibalism, human sacrifice, and other bizarre acts were not well-received by those who thought they were doing what the gods wanted.

He was not even a normal five major gods religion, but a demonic religion, and if he routinely practiced such things, he would never be able to blend in with the general public.

So, under my direction, Olivia Ranze carried out a massive proselytizing campaign against the Satanists.

They saw me, a demon, as an agent of the demons.

I was chosen by the two holy objects because the gods and demons are actually the same thing.

An old misconception.

The demons don't believe in demigods.

They simply believed in the gods of the five major religions, but through human misunderstanding, a strange faith called Demonism was born, but the source of their faith is essentially the same.

So it wasn't so much a Reformation as it was the clearing up of an age-old misunderstanding between humans and demons.

Unsurprisingly, neither the established Five Great Houses nor the demonic religions were willing to reform.

But I was chosen by the gods to be their agent.

And Olivia Ranze, who wields both Tuan's divine power and Kier's divine power, is proof.

The Five Great Shinto religions must accept demonism.

Demigods must understand that the Five Great Lords were in fact their own gods.

So understand that there is no need for cannibalism, human sacrifice, torture and penance.

That's how we worked on merging the gods and demons.

The process was by no means smooth.

There was a huge backlash from the extremists, both among the priests of the Edina Archipelago and among the Satanists.

People who were taught to hate each other had to recognize their shared roots.

As a result, extremists from both demonism and the Five Great Houses have claimed that I and Olivia Ranze are false prophets.

But the power was in our hands.

I suppressed the extremists.

Those who wanted to adhere to traditions that didn't make sense made them into human sacrifices that they wanted to do just as badly.

I captured the priests who screamed inquisition and tortured them until they admitted I was right. I made them stand in the square and preach a sermon acknowledging that I was right and that the gods and demons were the same.

There was no extreme genocide, but many people had to die.

My and Olivia's reformation ended with evidence.

Among the congregation there arose a group of people who accepted that the roots of demonism and deism were the same, and there were priests of deism and priests of demonism.

They sincerely believed in it and sought to understand it, and as a result, priests arose who were able to wield the power of the demons.

As Olivia Ranze did.

A series of events occurred that allowed priests of the Gods to use the power of demons and priests of the Demon Gods to use the power of the Gods.

That in itself was proof.

The priests had to understand that the phenomena were in themselves a proof, a phenomenon that could never be denied.

The gods and demigods are the same thing.

It's just that different beliefs about the same entity have generated different forces.

Those priests, in their newfound enlightenment, created a new religious concept called the Unified Holy Order, whose leader is now Olivia Ranze.

In the Edina Archipelago, it was now common knowledge that the gods and demons were the same.

And it was Olivia's job to tell those truths and give people a new place of faith.

Short-term, extreme trauma is taken care of by Airi.

Long-term sanctuary comes with a newfound faith in a holy order.

Ideological shifts can easily occur in extreme situations, and within two years, the mainstream faith in the Edina Archipelago was now a theocracy.

Demonists are a problem now and then, but they don't do cannibalistic human sacrifices like they used to. If I've gone from being the agent of a demon to the agent of the gods, they're pretty much all over it.

Demons are people, after all, and it wasn't that hard to integrate them.

But they are an army.

The power of the priests of the Edina Archipelago and the Order of the Five Great Houses was never very large to begin with.

The priests of the Demon Gods were now their own army, many of whom had access to the divine powers of the gods.

It is also true that many of these priests were sent to Fort Mokhna.

To me, the priests of Satanism, who wielded the power to heal and curse at the same time, seemed to be the embodiment of some inscrutable horror.

It's kind of like, "Is this okay?" when you look at it.

After all, we're all busy in our own ways.

Like Riana said, when I see everybody's bolded, I'm like, "What's the difference between this and the Four Thousand Kings?

Three of the Four Demon Kings are human.

Is this okay?

I suppose it's not that unusual, since Larken Simonstein was also a human during the First Four Thousand Kings.

"I'll go anyway. Don't push yourself too hard, my lord."

Olivia and I chatted for a while, and then she quickly left the palace because she had a sermon to give.

The head of the Holy Order, Olivia, is technically in charge of a very important part of my military power. She's also in charge of my civilian political operations.

From religious leader to Secretary of Defense to head of public affairs.

Without Olivia, my regime may not fall, but I will die of overwork.

Herriot glared at Olivia's back as she turned away, then sighed heavily.

"There's a Senate meeting coming up."

I nodded in agreement with Harriet.

Senate.

It's now a different name for the Vampire Council.





Episode 459.





Edina Royal Palace meeting room.

There, seated were the four Gajus, with the exception of Lucinil.

"Your Highness."

"Long time no see. Great one."

Eleris claims to be my servant, but the other three are not my subordinates; they help me as much as they can, but only to the extent that they cooperate with me, not to the extent that they submit to me.

Of course, Lerouen, Galarsch, and Antrian had all moved their clans to the Edina Archipelago.

Part of it was their desire to help me, but it was also because they couldn't leave their clans on a continent that had been torn apart by the Gate.

Now, the Lord Vampire's clans were also a very important part of my military power.

Vampires are usually mages, and the Lord Vampires, who can withstand the sun, were and still are a vital crutch for my rule across the archipelago.

Magic.

Without that crucial power, I would not have been able to provide shelter for so many refugees, construct new buildings, or grow food for them as quickly as I did.

Basically, humans are very afraid of vampires.

But when humans see vampires using magic to farm, growing crops and scrambling to feed themselves, they wonder what the hell this is all about.

Humans provide blood without being vampirized, and vampires provide food for humans to eat.

It's a bit of a symbiotic relationship, but what the heck, I've got grape juice down my throat.

So in reality, the Friday, Thursday, and Saturday clans didn't seem to mind the situation.

So the vampires, the most important part of my support base and my collaborators, were looking at me.

"Your Majesty, it seems that word of this place is spreading across the continent, albeit very slowly."

Eleris said.

Eleris worked mostly on her own.

I traveled from continent to continent, destroying as many warp gates as I could, doing what I could to end the gate crisis once and for all.

"Rumor?"

"Yes, we don't know if it's coming from refugees who refused to join us or not, but we've seen anecdotal stories spreading about paradise in the south."

The continent is a mess.

The Empire is busy doing what it does best, so it does not yet know of my presence in the far, far south.

Even if you know, you probably can't afford to do anything about it right now.

"Right now, there are only rumors that it's somewhere in the south, but no one knows for sure....... In the long run, powerful forces, including the Empire, will be searching the southern lands, possibly reaching Port Mokna."

"......Yes."

Port Mokna, our continental base.

It's a small, tiny dot on the continental map, but it can be a big deal if the Empire realizes it's not only unharmed, but has a large military presence.

If anyone in Port Mokna were to be captured, the Empire would know that a demon had taken up residence in the far, far south.

The Edina Archipelago will not be out of the Empire's sight for long.

The Gate Crisis has destroyed much of the foundation of humanity, but it will end one day.

That was the end of Elise's report.

"We're almost done installing water and sewage in the evacuation centers, and we're almost done clearing the large agricultural fields in the south, so now we just need to sow, and we've started building ships to transport supplies to other areas."

I nodded at Lerouen's words.

Thursday's Gazoo.

I don't know if it has much to do with it, but the vampires of Thursday were well versed in alchemy and other creature-related magic.

I wouldn't have thought to use it for farming.

One of the big advantages I have is that I can use a lot of my mages, who are a very high quality workforce, to produce or farm materials.

An empire can't do this.

There's only so much territory you can defend, and you never know when the monsters of the gates will roam the continent and invade your city.

It's a land safe from the gate, and you can focus all your energy on providing for your people.

"There's an abandoned magic stone mine near Fort Mokna. It can be mined, but transportation is expected to be difficult, so I would like the Thunder King to lead a force to transport it."

"Yes, I'll do that."

Magic Stones.

This is an absolutely scarce resource right now.

Basically, anything from streetlights to real-life magic tools. There wasn't a single thing that didn't have a magic stone in it.

The Edina Archipelago is not self-sufficient in magic stones.

With lanterns to light the night, the crime rate in the evacuated areas would be greatly reduced. As such, Galarsh had already secured a number of shuttered mines and quarries that served to supply the Edina Archipelago with magic stones.

Once you have enough magic stones, you can drastically improve your quality of life.

With the population of the Edina Archipelago exploding, it's safe to say that there's an infinite supply of magic stones.

Eleris, Leruen, and Galarsh have spoken.

Finally, Antirrhinus looks at me.

"Great One, it appears that the Empire has succeeded in destroying about 8% of the warp gates in existence."

"I see."

Antirrhinus is in charge of espionage.

As much as I've tried to rescue civilians here, and as many times as I've gone to deal with monsters and gates in the southern part of the continent myself, it's the Empire that's going to be the key force in the end.

We had already heard that the forces operated by Saviolin Tana were focused solely on destroying the warp gates of numerous cities.

Eight.

If all warp gates are destroyed, the gate event is over.

But there's also the long and arduous task of dealing with all the monsters that are already out there.

However, it will get harder and harder.

The fewer warp gates we have, the more powerful monsters will pour out of the ones that remain.

The end of the gate crisis is near, which means that each gate is becoming more and more dangerous.

"In addition, the Empire has succeeded in restoring all of its provinces, including thirty major cities, and is well on the defensive. From here on out, we will likely be assisting other surviving empires in restoring their territories. With this, I think it's safe to say that the Empire has fully regained the function of a state."

The Edina Archipelago is safe, but even on the continent where monsters rage like waves, the Empire has reclaimed territory lost to the monsters and restored full statehood.

I was reminded of the power of humanity.

I don't know if this is really good news for me, but Antony smiled softly.

"However, the population concentrated in the Ecliptic Gradient is now exceeding some forty million; large refugee camps have formed on the outskirts of the Gradient, the size of which the Empire is currently unable to handle; the streets of the refugee camps are filled with rags and filth, and the bodies of starving refugees are left unattended."

It makes sense that the ecliptic would attract people, and that was the case in the original.

This creates a vast law enforcement void.

The population of the ecliptic alone is comparable to the total population of the Edina Archipelago.

The empire cannot provide for them all, cannot control them, cannot guarantee their safety and livelihood.

The monsters that roam the continent will attack.

The Gate crisis was coming to an end, but other problems would plague the Empire.

Antirrhinus continues.

"In addition, distrust of the Five Great Houses has reached a fever pitch, and the Mercenary faith, which claims the warrior Ellen Artorius as its prophet, is believed by the overwhelming majority of refugees."

Forced Warrior.

Now that it's been revealed that I'm the Devil and the cause of this mess, Ellen is being forced to become the prophet of the Dragon Cult.

Antirrhinus laughs.

As if I'm enjoying the fact that I'm doing this for humanity, that I'm the object of hatred for the vast majority of humanity.

"The vast majority of refugees, as well as a significant number of existing Zodiac residents, are believers in Mercenaryism, and their frustration is reaching a boiling point."

"Complaints?"

What's wrong with believing that Ellen is going to kill me, since that's what martial arts is all about.

Is this a complaint about Ellen not killing me? Ellen probably doesn't even know where I am.

"The Dragon Cultists want to scapegoat the Empress, who is the Devil's inner circle."

"......."

Oh, I see.



* * *



I had heard the stories about Charlotte. Stories of Charlotte's uncanny powers had spread.

It's not like I'm actually in league with Charlotte or anything, but the hatred for me is out of control and I'm still on a continent somewhere.

They're looking for a scapegoat they can drag in front of them.

As such, Charlotte, who had been kidnapped by the Demon King, and who had been close to me, was known as a priority Demon King contact.

It's ridiculous.

Ellen is a poor heroine who has been tricked by the devil all this time.

Charlotte was a collaborator with the Devil.

Antirrhinus continues to laugh.

He's fully cooperating with me, but at this point I really want to punch him in the face.

Crazy loyalists who are happy when their lord is unhappy.

Antirrhinus says.

"The Imperial House has been consistent in its staged responses to the demands of every crowd, but this could turn into a distrust of the Imperial House in the future. Perhaps the Imperial House is also in league with the Devil, and that's why they won't release Charlotte de Gradias, or something like that."

"......Yes."

People believe what they want to believe.

Why do you not kill the Empress when you should?

You're all in this together.

The story of why the Empress must die has already been told. You want to believe you're the devil's messenger, so let's go with that.

So they'll try to make everyone who tries to protect her into something they don't deserve.

If the martial and commoner demands for the death of the Empress continue, and the Empire continues to stage a response, there will be a riot at some point.

Killing the Empress solves nothing.

People are just pissed off.

I'm angry and frustrated and sad.

I can only hope that someone dies carrying this anger.

It's not the devil who doesn't know where he is, it's the maiden who is where she knows she is.

"Emperor Bertus must one day stand his queen before a crowd."

Bertus as Emperor.

An emperor must defend his empire.

You can't and shouldn't trade the reputation of the Empire for Charlotte's life.

As if against my will, the gate eventually happened.

Regardless of Bertus's wishes, Charlotte will end up at the stake at some point.

You must trade the life of the Empress for the wrath of the people.

"Great One, what would you do?"

Antirrhinus smiled broadly.

Charlotte cursed me.

I told him to die the most miserable death in the world.

I don't really hold a grudge. The misunderstandings I'd built up with Charlotte were enough to make me say that.

I wonder if Charlotte still hates me.

We don't know about that.

Once when escaping from the Demon Castle.

Once in the Palace of Spring.

I saved Charlotte's life twice.

So, whether Charlotte still hates me or not, I'm going to do it a third time against her will.

I swore I would.

I'll go through any night, I'll go through any hate, I'll go through any malice.

I will save Charlotte.

"I'm going to go see what's going on."

There's no telling when that will be, but I will.



* * *



Teleport is a higher-level spell, and Mass Teleport is an even higher-level spell.

The only ones with enough horsepower to cast it are the Lord Vampires, including Eleris.

Herriot could cast top-tier magic with the aid of power cartridges, but he didn't use them because he couldn't get enough of them.

As such, only a small number of people can immediately return to the Edina Archipelago from the continent via mass teleportation, or be deployed to the continent.

-Pow!

For example, unless you're Liana de Grants, who is currently teleporting with Elise to the center stage of the royal castle, the number of people who can teleport to and from the castle is extremely limited.

The Lord Vampires of the Senate aren't here all the time, and they all have other things to do.

The scantily clad Riana looked at me and shook her head.

"Are you getting any sleep?"

"Aren't you going to sleep?"

Liana, now more commonly known by her nickname, King Brain.

The shield that protects Fort Mokna, and the mightiest spear that saves those chased by monsters.

"Ugh, I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat and talk."

"Yeah."

Despite the small talk, Riana has killed the most monsters and saved the most people out of all of us.



* * *



Herriot, myself, and Riana sat in the dining room of the palace and talked.

A king's meal isn't exactly fancy. But it's not too impoverished either.

To put it bluntly, the meals served at the temple were not comparable to what we have now in terms of quality and quantity.

"There are no monsters or people around Mokna anymore. You have to go really far to see a monster's tail. I don't think we can do much more here."

Scouring the neighborhoods of fixed strongholds for people fleeing or hiding from monsters is no longer fruitful.

So, in the beginning, we had a huge number of refugees on the ships, and today, we only have eight hundred refugees.

"They say there's another port city about a hundred and seventy kilometers west of Mokhna, so we might as well secure that and base our search and rescue operations there."

"Okay, let's get a quote."

We'll take another stronghold, forward base it, and do rescues and monster exterminations from there. Riana asks, wolfing down the sausage.

"So the question is whether to ditch Mokna or keep it, what do you think?"

"Hmmm....... Having two forward bases doubles our chances of being spotted by the Empire, so it seems a bit unnecessary to keep an obsolete Mokna."

"But it would be a waste to throw away all the supplies and infrastructure that's there."

"Sure."

Putting aside the debate of whether or not to retire Mokna, I've been convinced of the need for a new forward base.

"By the way, ....... Are you sure you want to go directly to the Empire?"

This time, Herriot asked me.

"Empire? What are you talking about?"

Riana shook her head, not sure what I was trying to do.

"Lately....... there's a bit of a stir over there about executing the Empress. So he's going to see for himself what's going on in the empire."

"......?"

At my words, Riana shook her head.

"Wow....... I tend to think that you're the most sociopathic of the sociopaths, but....... Isn't this the first time you've crossed the line? It's bad enough that you're taking care of humans, but now you're taking care of an Imperial Empress who's an enemy?"

Of all of us, Riana is the one who wants to see the Empire fall and the House of Gradias destroyed.

Riana wasn't actually that close to Charlotte.

So it's no wonder she's so worried about the Empress of the Aptitude Nation that she's upset when I tell her I'm going on a scouting trip to the Empire.

She had heard everything that had gone on between Charlotte and me, so it was no wonder that she looked like she was about to drop a crane at my decision.

Well.......

Is this bullshit?

I'm not sure.

"Dude, I've been working a job I'm not cut out for for two years now. You know?"

"Playing king?"

"Yeah, I'm tired of sitting in my seat all day listening to you. It drives me crazy."

"Well, you've been pretty good so far, and on the subject of demons, what the hell are you going to do if the king isn't your cup of tea?"

"It's something I've done reluctantly, and it's not something I'm cut out for, but I'd much rather be out on the continent slaying monsters, and sometimes when I see the fungus next door begging me to punish him for breaking my bowl, I'd rather leave the city and tear his thrush to shreds."

"Oh, I forgot to mention......."

Herriot was next to me at the time, so he knew what I was talking about.

I've gotten a lot of whiners asking me to do something for them.

It's enough to make you panic that you're going to die of high blood pressure.

At my words, Riana looked at me, a bit stunned.

"Oh....... You're so stressed, you......."

"I don't want to say this to you because you're on the front lines, but I'm sick of this shit, I can't do it."

Two years is a lot.

It's not something I have the aptitude for or talent for. I did it because I had to, not because I liked it.

And the more you do it, the more it chips away at your mind.

Harriet can take over for a while. And I'm sure she's better at it than I am. But it's a lifetime job, and I can't pass it on.

And Herriot had so much more to do as a magical expert than just a scribe.

So, you need someone who can sit for the rest of their life.

I'm going to make a regent out of somebody who's more talented than me and who's going to do a better job, and I'm going to make them do it for life.

"I don't know how I'm going to do it, but when I get a chance, I'm going to bring Charlotte over and let her play king for me."

At this point, I'm not saving Charlotte.

Charlotte is saving me.

You've saved my life three times.

It's okay to try to get paid now, right?





Episode 460.





That night.



King Edina's bedroom.

I was sitting on my bed, watching Harriet dry her hair.

Herriot had now changed out of the clothes he had been wearing just moments ago and into his pajamas.

"Get some sleep. You've got a lot to do tomorrow, and you're going to the Empire."

"......You should."

If nothing else, Harriet and I have been sharing a bedroom for about six months now.

There are two beds in the king's bedroom. One is occupied by me, and the one next to my bed, slightly further away, is occupied by Harriet.

We share a bedroom for one reason.

Assassination threats.

The actions of those who hate me become visible and manifest.

It doesn't happen too often, but when it does, it's persistent and tries different things.

It was a poisoning, a midnight raid.

People in the castle were often collaborators.

They're not even bought.

In some cases, people who would normally hate me were merely cooperating in an assassination plan.

There was also the time when Harriet and Olivia were forced to save him from dying after he ate a poisonous snake.

Herriot, who normally researches new magic and magical items, has taken on the role of scribe and is never far from my side.

After that, Harriet started doing poison checks on everything I ate and drank, and I even bought the talent Poison Resistance with achievement points.

I was able to cope with a physical attack because of the warnings of my sixth sense, but only those who have been through it know the eeriness of seeing the face of a familiar human being holding a dagger to my windpipe while I slept.

A lot of people hate me.

Even the humans of the Edina Archipelago, whom I saved, hate me because they know that the Devil is at the root of all this.

It happened even after we replaced all the heavy users with people who had nothing to lose from the Gate debacle.

All humans hate me to a greater or lesser degree, and I couldn't have the entire workforce of the kingdom composed entirely of demons who would obey my every word. The issue of discrimination and the subordination of humanity was only going to cause more backlash.

I wasn't the only one suffering from the raid, either.

I won't die, so I'm going to kill everyone around me.

If only.

I once fell asleep and woke up to find Antirrhinus standing outside the palace, tied up and chuckling at me.

What do you think it would be like if it wasn't you, but a wizard from the Empire or the Black Order.

It was a bad move on Antony's part, but the memory of it still sends a chill down my spine.

I'm safe because the Empire and the Black Order don't know where I am yet. I realized that a wizard of Antony's caliber could take my life at any time if he wanted to kill me.

It's not completely unprotected, but it can be breached at any time.

So, ever since then, I've been sharing a bedroom with Harriet, and it's become a habit of mine to go to sleep with a number of magical devices and covenants in my bedroom as a seal.

At first, both Harriet and I felt weirded out by each other, but time is a medicine and we've gotten used to these things.

I couldn't help but notice that the Devil was rumored to share a bedroom with a scribe every day.

Olivia was surprisingly not upset about it.

He was actually worried about me because he knew I was under that much threat of death.

Anyway.

It was starting to become known that I was practically married to Herriot, but I couldn't help it.

In the end.......

I have to say that now I'm kind of like, is there really anything different about that?

In fact, in some ways, Herriot is more situationally competent than the Archmage of the Senate.

In most crises, I'm the physical one and she's the magical one, so naturally, Herriot and I spend the most time together protecting each other because of our complementary nature.

After drying her hair, Harriet sat down on her bed and placed the scrollbook on her bedside table.

"I put in the teleportation scrolls. I have over twenty of them, so you can always use them if you're in a hurry."

"Okay."

"Do you want me to come with you?"

Her hair untied, Harriet stares at me.

"No, I don't think it's a good idea to go. I'll go alone. It won't be dangerous."

You'll be disguised as Sarkhegar's ring, so you won't be recognized.

It's not like I don't know what's going on, and I don't think it's a pretty sight for anyone in the Empire to see. I'm going to go quietly, alone, and come back quietly.

I lay down on the bed, and Harriet sat back on the bed with the spellbook she had been looking at, spreading the book between her knees and opening it to the middle page.

A faint yellow glow of magic illuminated the book Harriet was looking at.

"I'm always growing up and you're not?"

"Sleep as long as you want."

As if to say never mind and grow up, Harriet waved at me without looking at me.

I was busy, but I knew it was going to be tiring for Harriet, who had to coordinate what I needed to do and make sure her bedroom was safe.

Honestly, I'm feeling it too.

Somewhere along the way, Herriot's magical achievements stalled.

Whenever he has time, he's doing the research he wants to do, but his time is so limited that he doesn't get much done.

Herriot is actually the perfect person to be a researcher.

But there's no one else, and there's no one else I can trust, and you're too good for that, so you're my secretary and bodyguard.

I have a lot of work to do, and I can't do any of the things I really want to do.

So this short time before I fall asleep, when all I have to do is stay with it.

During that time, Herriot sneaks in some reading.

I think Herriot would have loved Akasha.

However, Akasha is gone.

As such, the magical achievements of Akasha's long history have been transformed into a shadowy otherworld.

How much magic was in Akasha.

Now it's just not there.

The sound of a book being turned over in silence.

I listen to the page turn very carefully, not wanting to disturb my sleep.

I look at Harriet's face as she looks at her book.

"Pfft."

"Yes."

He doesn't even look at me when I call him Paxton anymore.

I don't call it that because I'm actually a scribe.

When it's just the two of us, or as we used to call it back in the day, I can only say one thing.

I wonder if that's why Herriot isn't mad at me.

Because you know that only in this moment can I call you that.

"Thanks."

At my abruptness, Harriet looks at me with a gentle smile.

"Me too."

What are you thankful for.

I feel like I'm always taking and never giving.

I couldn't figure it out.

Harriet turned back to her book, and I closed my eyes.



* * *



-Pow!

Through the warp point, dozens of people appeared in the middle of the square in a flash.

Warp gates were currently unavailable, so troop movements over very long distances now had to be done manually by wizards with access to mass teleportation.

Given the circumstances of the Edina Archipelago, it's no wonder that the only people who can move via mass teleportation are a small, elite group.

And now, appearing through the warpspot, was Ellen and her immediate troops.

Ellen was scheduled to report for duty in the ecliptic and then head straight to the next point.

-O.......

-You are a warrior.......

Ellen Artoraus had become a celebrity for lack of a better word.

The state of the empire was such that, in terms of crowd confidence, Ellen was more popular than the Emperor.

So, it's no surprise that a cloud of people gathered around Ellen.

"Warrior, our savior!"

"Where are you headed this time, warrior?"

"Warrior....... Thank you for saving the day!"

Ellen has saved many lives. More than I can count.

"Warrior, you look great!"

"Warrior!"

"Champion, watch over us......."

"Why doesn't your sister come to the zodiac so often?"

It had become so familiar that Ellen was no longer surprised by the sight.

However, Ellen was afraid that people in despair and pain would project their hopes onto her.

You're the cause of all this.

People believe in themselves.

She blames the devil for everything and loves herself.

I didn't have to run around trying to save people.

If I had believed Reinhardt back then, none of this would have happened.

You didn't save people.

Everyone is in this pit of despair, and it's their own fault that they can't even wear the right clothes, that they're like rags.

"I love you, warrior!"

It scared Ellen that so many people were finding hope in her.

It's all my fault.

It's my fault.

Don't like me, don't love me, hate me.

It's me who should be hated, not the devil.

Ellen was occasionally overcome with the urge to say something like that.

But I couldn't intentionally bring despair to those who found hope in me.

To those who somehow endure this miserable life by hating the devil and believing in the hero.

I couldn't intentionally feed those victims the hopeless drug of truth.

People find salvation in Ellen.

That's why people who get excited about the ecliptic don't turn into mobs.

If Ellen says it's all her fault, people won't believe her at first, but even if they do, it's a problem.

The moment the crowd realizes that the warrior and the empire have made a mistake, the empire falls.

When empires fall, there is no humanity.

"Will your sister kill the demon for me?"

"ah......."

A little girl clings to Ellen's arm and asks.

Demon.

The eyes of those who believe that killing the devil will bring peace to the world.

From a child's longing for hope to an old man's hateful glare.

The hope of humanity.

As its spokesperson, I can't help but feel that one day I'll be forced to stand before Reinhardt.

It was, and Ellen was afraid.



* * *



Central Palace Tetra.

"Cairnstadt's capital, Kln, is fine, it's which of the satellite cities we restore first that matters."

"Yes."

Ellen had just finished debriefing Bertus and they were discussing what to do next. Ellen stared at Bertus, who looked tired.

Even the most powerful empires had only succeeded in defending a few cities, including the capital. The Empire had restored all of its direct territories, and now had to decide which of them to fully support.

From now on, the restoration of Cernstadt, the capital of the First Reich, would begin.

All warp gates in Cernstadt territory had been destroyed.

So all you need to do is eliminate the monsters lurking around the city.

But that's easier said than done, and a lot of soldiers, knights, and wizards were going to die doing it.

We're rebuilding an empire at the expense of human resources.

"What do you think?"

"I think we should start by clearing the perimeter of the cities that have been successfully defended, rather than trying to restore them one by one. We've already....... There will be few survivors in the fallen cities, so I think we can work on that later."

"......Yes, that makes sense."

Bertus crossed his arms, contemplating.

"Charlotte is....... What do you think?"

Bertus clicked his tongue at Ellen's question.

"......."

Ellen is a hero of the Empire.

So, just as I'm tired of being told to kill the devil, I'm also tired of hearing the misconceptions about the Empress.

The Empress is cursed.

Beware of the maiden in case the warrior takes damage.

Ellen is often away from the ecliptic, and when she returns, she tends to check on Charlotte's condition. After all, Ellen is the Empress's guardian knight.

But Ellen couldn't open Charlotte's closed mouth the way Bertus could.

Though she couldn't speak, Charlotte burst into tears when she saw Ellen.

Just as Ellen was beating herself up, Charlotte was beating herself up.

The moment we looked at each other, we realized that all of this had happened because we didn't trust Reinhardt.

Just like Ellen blamed herself for everything. Charlotte was also blaming herself for everything.

Even if they couldn't talk, Ellen couldn't help but feel for Charlotte as she watched her fever rise.

The bottom line was that the majority of the crowd now wanted the Empress dead.

"Other than that, is there anything else you need on site?"

"As always, it needs a power cartridge."

"Of course....... I don't know when we'll have a mass production system in place."

Power Cartridge and Moonshine.

As Reinhardt had intended, the power cartridges were now the most vital commodity on the battlefield in the event of a gate breach.

Mages, who drew their magic from power cartridges, were a formidable force on the battlefield.

The close combat students who had taken Moonshine were improving at a rapid rate. In fact, the number of those awakening to the power of magic was growing exponentially.

So there was a bizarre phenomenon going on where the dying military forces were being more or less made up for by the growing strength of the existing military forces.

It was probably created to make the Demon King's army stronger.

What Bertus had thought of as a prized possession had now become an indispensable commodity.

Only after everything happened did Bertus realize that the choice he should never have made was the only right answer.

We should have let the devil go free.

Even though he knew that regret was useless, Bertus was plagued by it.

In all of these situations, everyone blames themselves.

Charlotte said to herself.

Ellen says to herself.

Bertus also.

That you are responsible for everything.

That's what I was thinking.

"Did anything in particular happen that you want to talk about?"

"......."

Ellen was silent, and then something occurred to her.

"I heard there's a paradise down south."

"Paradise?"

"Yeah, I think some weird....... beliefs are spreading."

"......Yes, that's what you want to believe."

In times of overwhelming desperation, strange things can be made up.

So Bertus had no choice but to dismiss the rumors as false.





Episode 461.





Ellen can't stay on the ecliptic for long.

They are to be reintroduced to the field immediately after completing the bare minimum. This was partly due to the state of the Empire and partly due to Ellen's own will.

After a quick chat with Bertus, Ellen made her way to the Palace of Spring, as she always did.

No one was allowed anywhere near the Palace of Spring. Of course, Ellen was not bound by such things.

Arriving at Charlotte's bedroom in the Palace of Spring, Ellen sees exactly what Bertus had seen earlier.

Sitting on her bed, hugging her knees, she stares blankly out the window.

Charlotte de Gradias in devilish form.

Assimilated by the demon's spirit. The demon's spirit caused her to become this way, but it also caused Charlotte to stop eating grain, which weakened her but did not kill her.

"Charlotte."

"......."

At Ellen's urgent call, Charlotte slowly turned her head to stare in Ellen's direction.

Red eyes with a vertical slit in the pupil.

They were eyes that would send a chill down anyone's spine, but Ellen saw nothing but sadness and regret in them.

Looking at Ellen, Charlotte buried her face between her knees.

Ellen watched as tears, dried and unable to come out, soaked the camisole Charlotte was wearing.

We all know that regret leads to nothing, but we can't help but regret it.

If I had believed Reinhardt.

That one word has been responsible for many of the tragedies that have befallen mankind.

Reinhardt was gone, and humanity was doomed.

So every time they looked at each other, they could only reaffirm each other's sins.

Ellen can still do something. She can do something like save people.

But Charlotte can't even show herself to the crowds, so she can't do anything but stay locked up in the Palace of Spring.

Ellen slowly walked over to Charlotte and sat down on the bed.

Then, carefully, he picked up the tiny Charlotte.

"Soon, we'll be able to destroy all the warp gates on the continent."

"......."

"And if we slowly kill all the monsters on the continent, this whole situation will be over."

"......."

Saying what she can't even comfort herself, Ellen hopes that Charlotte can somehow ease her guilt.

"Then people who lost their homes will be able to find them again."

The dead can't come back.

"Everyone will find their own place and....... and live like we used to."

Nothing can bring back a lost home.

"It's going to take a long time, but little by little....... and everything will be back to normal, back to the way it was."

Once a relationship is broken, it can never be repaired.

"So let's hang in there. A little more....... A little more......."

As she spoke, Ellen bit her lip fiercely as she remembered the many things her words were ignoring.

I could taste the fishy taste of blood through my torn lips.

"......."

"......."

"We are......."

Ellen's voice is finally, finally shaky.

"Can I be forgiven......?"

To Reinhardt.

To the world.

I want to be forgiven, but I know I can't.

Charlotte cried.

Ellen couldn't even cry.



* * *



The more Ellen looked at Charlotte, the more she felt miserable.

Ellen and Charlotte weren't always on the best of terms, but now that things have come to this, they've become more than just guardian knight and lord, they've become an odd pair of shared guilt.

It was a relationship bound by grief and guilt.

They were projecting the same emotions onto each other.

That's why Ellen can't turn her back on Charlotte. Even though she knew she couldn't make Charlotte better, and even though she knew she wouldn't get any answers, Ellen sought out the Palace of Spring when she returned to the ecliptic after a devastating day of battle.

That things are getting better.

I've always said that.

Technically, I'm not lying.

Moving from worst to best can only be described as things getting better.

I mentioned that I saved a few people today.

That wasn't a lie either.

They just didn't say how many people died.

He also said he drove the monsters out of the ruined city.

He's not lying either.

I didn't say there wasn't a single person alive in the ruins.

I have not told a lie, but I have not told a miserable truth.

Even though I know Charlotte can read between the lines.

With that, Ellen left the Palace of Spring and the Imperial Palace, leaving Charlotte behind, unchanged.

From the hill at the entrance to the palace, Ellen could see the temple beyond Irine the Great.

The temple had already been repaired after the meteor's destruction.

The cradle of talent, home to some of the world's best minds, is now a military base that trains warriors.

With intercontinental connections cut off, Temple was now conscripting and training any evacuees who showed the slightest flair for combat.

Instead of screening people and charging expensive tuition, the Temple now equips those who want to fight with weapons, teaches them to fight, and then sends them into the field.

Even if they do have moonshine, most of them are sent into battle as soldiers, unaware of their enchantments, and die countless deaths.

While a select group of Temple's existing students were fighting, the new recruits were mostly vengeful ruffians.

The Empire's current state of affairs necessitated even such fools.

As many people as she saved, Ellen knew that there were countless others who volunteered to fight and died like daylight because they admired the warrior who saved them.

The Temple, once a cradle of talent, was now breeding moths.

Royal class, none of Ellen's classmates have died, thankfully.

I feel terrible that I have to characterize that as a good thing.

And having to use the word "yet" felt eerie to Ellen.

The time is night.

I had a bit of time to kill before I had to head out on my next mission.

Afraid that people would recognize her, Ellen wore a hood.

Ellen was no longer tired of fame, she was afraid of it.

As Ellen walked through the streets of the ecliptic, she felt a stirring behind her.

A lot of people, but someone looking at you.

Such a pretense.

When I turned my head, there was no one there.

"......?"

Something was clearly looking at him.

Ellen walked down the street again, feeling strange.



* * *



I didn't wait around thinking I'd see Ellen.

I knew that as busy as I was, he was going to have his hands full.

However, as soon as I arrived in Huangdao, I heard people in the streets talking about the return of the warrior.

Ellen is on the ecliptic.

Just in case, I stood idly by the entrance to the palace.

I waited quite a while.

So I could see it.

I could see his face, even though he was hooded.

I looked at Ellen, who looked even more aloof and cold than before, and there was an indelible look of fatigue on her face.

Maybe I should have said something.

If I talked to him, I could have had a normal conversation with him.

But it's been a long time coming.

I don't know what Ellen is thinking.

Ellen was instrumental in getting me out, but now I don't know what she's thinking.

You may hate me, and you may be feeling sorry for me.

It's not the time to say how are you, but I thought we could talk about something.

I wanted to grab him and talk to him.

But this is not the Ellen I knew, the Ellen I met as a student in the Temple Royal class.

Ellen Artorius.

The hope of mankind and the arch-enemy of the devil.

Just as Ellen is no longer a Royal Class student, I am no longer the Reinhardt who was a Royal Class student.

It's just a dichotomy between hero and devil.

We shouldn't meet.

You can't and shouldn't talk about it.

I don't know when my impending doom is going to be right under my nose, but if we talk about it, we're only going to make each other suffer more.

So I was content to watch from a distance.

No.

I wasn't satisfied.

I haven't seen it in two years.

There's no way I could ever be satisfied with that.

I wanted to see more.

But I couldn't, so I'm not sure they're getting along, but I know they're getting along somehow, and that's that.

I walked the ecliptic.

I could see nothing but pain in the faces of the dead, exhausted, and distressed.

The gate also happened in the ecliptic, so even if you're a resident of the ecliptic, you haven't lost anything.

Most of us have lost a parent, a sibling, a child, a family member.

In desperation, there were those who were going somewhere because they had to.

In the midst of all the despair, there were definitely some hopeful faces.

-The warrior is back!

-You must have killed a lot of monsters this time.

-Will you slay the devil someday?

I could see the hope in the faces of the people talking about Ellen.

Hatred and anger toward the devil.

Someone to take those negative feelings and turn them into hope.

Warriors.

In this zodiacal gradient of depression, anger, and hatred, Ellen was the one thing that gave people at least some hope.

Fear and hatred were producing stories and rumors, as they always do.

-The king is returning to Darklands to gather the monsters of the Gate.......

-The monsters that roam the continent are not even a hair's breadth from the Devil himself.......

-No matter how brave you are.......

There seemed to be a consensus among the crowds in the Zodiac that I was not only in command of the monsters of the Gate, but that I had led them to complete the rebuilding.

Darklands?

I've never been there since I made the rounds to absorb the demonic forces of change.

-You have two holy relics, but so does the devil.......

-If you had been tempted by the devil in the temple....... I dread to think of it.

-That's why you revealed the Demon's identity so long ago. You know everything. He's not one to fall for a demon's tricks.

It was said that I had infiltrated the Temple to recruit the warrior Ellen Artorius.

What is a crowd.

They snack on their own imagined words, and before you know it, they start to believe them.

We don't even know who started spreading fake truths because the source has disappeared.

I was the ruler of a rebuilt Darklands, the most powerful in history.

It imagines at will, fears at will, and hates at will.

There is no such country.

There is a country in the Edina Archipelago, far south at sea, beyond your sight, and it is inhabited by men and demons, not the monsters of the Gate.

The more I think about it, the harder it is to believe.

A demon lives among the humans.

If I were one of them and not the devil, I'd be screaming at the person peddling that nonsense.

The idea that I could control and manipulate the monsters in the gate was a common one, among other bullshit.

He seemed to imagine that since he had caused this, he could control the monsters in the gate.

Why can't I just imagine that it's possible, and that if I truly hated humanity, I would have invaded the ecliptic long ago and wiped it out.

The truth is always irrelevant, because if someone makes an opinion like that, there will be another rumor to counter it.

And it wasn't just me that the rumors were aimed at.

-I wonder if the Emperor is actually being manipulated by the Empress?

-Yes, otherwise there's no reason to leave her alone.

-Even if she's important, it's suspicious that they don't keep releasing a demon-cursed maiden.

-If she's alive and well, she should show up, but she never does.

It's even suggested that the Empire's refusal to execute Charlotte isn't actually because the Emperor is being manipulated by the Empress.

-Ah, well, at least you're here, and if it was really like that, you wouldn't have done it.......

-That's true, but.......

In the end, Ellen was the brake on this one.

People believe in the omnipotence and omniscience of the devil, but they also believe in the omnipotence and omniscience of Ellen as their adversary.

If the Empress was indeed corrupted, why would her guardian, Ellen, stand idly by?

So the story and the mood of the execution of the Empress seemed to be in a delicate balance, not reaching any extremes.

-The Empress is one thing, but the three enemies are another.......

-Those chewing bitches are.......

Liana De Granz.

Olivia Ranze.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

Three students who sided with me and ran away from Temple together.

In the world of men, they were known as the Three Enemies, traitors to humanity.

Perhaps, because they were human, they were more hateful than I was.



* * *



Refugee camps are located in the Edina Archipelago and also in the ecliptic.

The Edina Archipelago, however, had no monsters to worry about, allowing it to expand indiscriminately across all of its territory.

The ecliptic makes that impossible.

You can't increase your living space, and if you do, you can't defend it. You never know when the continent's roaming monsters will attack.

So the Empire doesn't do anything about the expansion of the refugee camps, but the people keep coming.

As we pulled into the vast refugee camp of crudely constructed shacks, I couldn't help but feel a strange sense of welcome. I couldn't help but feel an uncanny sense of welcome.

When I first arrived in the ecliptic, I walked into Eleris' shop, and a few days later I saw a group of beggars under the bridges of the Bronze Gate.

Beggars living in haphazardly constructed shacks, reeking of alcohol.

Rotary Club.

The landscapes of the past, where those people, now dead and gone, had lived, stretched to the horizon.

A vast land of beggars that opens up just beyond the borders of the Zodiac City.

Such was the reality of the great and glorious capital of the Gradias Empire, Gradium.

The hastily constructed shacks were not soundproofed, windproofed, or built to code, so the people lying in them were visible.

It smelled like filth, like something was rotting, and flies and other insects were hitting me in the face.

The conditions in Edina's refugee camps aren't great either, but they're nowhere near as dire.

I smelled smoke from a fire somewhere, so I walked over to see if there was a soup kitchen or something, but there wasn't.

It was the smoke of burning bodies.

There's a plague going on, but it can't be that bad because we have priests to deal with it.

They simply starved to death.

Children in wiry rows ran around near the smoke of burning corpses.

Even in this situation, the contrast between the smiling children and the misery of the people burning the bodies next to them was striking.

It's more like hell.

It was like looking at the landscape of a life that had been forced to adapt to hell.

I decided not to think about that.

If only it were me.

If only I wasn't there.

I couldn't help the reflexive thought that came over me.

"......."

The ecliptic gradient was hell.





Episode 462.





Things were better inside the city center, but in the shanty towns where the refugees live, one wonders if they will survive this winter.

Even an empire can't abandon them after all.

In front of a long line of people who were being rationed, I could see guards handing out something.

-Thump!

-I said no!

-Grandpa....... He might die from this.......

A loud noise came from somewhere in the shantytown.

-I don't think I'm going to be treated by a bunch of priests serving a filthy devil! I'm just going to die! Cancer! I'm going to die!

In one of the shacks, a priest, dressed in white robes soiled from being kicked out, slowly got up with a depressed look on his face.

Cult of Tuan and Alth.

People began to reject the gods in favor of demons.

Over the chatter of the crowd, Tuan watched the priest walk off into the distance, his head bowed in melancholy.

I didn't need to see this spectacle.

Enough about the reality of the empire.

But I couldn't leave easily.

I feel like it's my responsibility to put all of this spectacle in your eyes. I feel like that's the least I can do.

I knew that looking at all the horrible things that had happened to me wouldn't solve anything, but it seemed like the least I could do.

I pass endless vistas of broken lives.

As we approached the outskirts, the situation became more dire.

I could see maggots and flies clinging to the dead bodies between the shacks.

The Empire cannot support all these people.

You save people somehow, but if the people you save end up starving to death, what's the point of saving them?

The only outcome is death by monsters or slow death by starvation.

Just as I run mages to grow food in the Edina Archipelago, the Empire is doing something similar.

Add to that the manpower required by the Empire to defend this vast territory from monsters.

In addition to supporting existing empires, there are also people working to end the gate crisis.

The Edina Archipelago is a state where all resources can be used to support its people, but the Empire is not.

So people were dying for nothing in places the empire couldn't do anything about.

There is no anger or hatred in people's faces when they are overly desperate.

Shadowed by death, they lay in the streets, slowly dying because they didn't have the strength to resent the world.

We were almost to the edge of the refugee zone.

-Bang!

-Grrrrrrrrr!

-Crack!

-Monster!

I could see the monster rampaging through the shacks, smashing them to pieces.

A monster of a gate that came in from somewhere.

There are no guards in the middle of nowhere.

Even if it does, we don't know if it will be able to handle it or not.

A four-meter-tall monster with the face of a boar and the body of a gorilla.

Not many, but one object.

It doesn't seem like a very powerful entity, but if left alone, people in the refugee camps would be dying by the hundreds.

Civilians can't do anything about it.

In a no-man's land, it only takes one of those monsters to slip through, and people are dying by the hundreds.

There was no time to waste.

I run, activating the magic in my body.

It's a long way, but it's not like I'm going to be able to cover that distance in my mainstream car.

-Thump! Quack!

-Run! Run!

Rushing to the middle of a spectacle of people being mashed and crushed.

"Suck!"

-Woof!

As you raise your fist, you convert the energy in your fist into destructive power.

-Quack!

With a single blow of his enchanted fist, the creature's head exploded.

Although we still haven't reached the master class.

I am stronger than ever before.



* * *



I didn't make it to the master class, but that doesn't mean I'm out of my depth.



Name: Valerie

Age: 