512





Riana squatted on the beach, head down, speechless.

-Rumble

"I don't think that's a coincidence, do you?"

"......Yes."

The sky, which had just been a brilliant blue, was now dark with dark clouds, and I could hear thunder rumbling in the clouds.

If there's anyone in Edina right now who could kill Riana with words, it's me.

It's all because of you.

With those words, Riana stared blankly at the grains of sand on the beach.

I'm not serious.

Riana wanted to find out for herself if she could really change the weather when she was in an extreme mood, so she said something she didn't mean.

And that back view.

That's what you were thinking.

It's more painful to me.

Riana stares at the sand for a long time, then lifts her head to look up at the blackened sky.

I can't help but notice that it's definitely working.

How long has it been.

Riana gets up, dead-eyed, and walks over to me.

"Some more."

"......?"

"More, say something."

No.

I know what you're thinking!

"...... is so perverted you guys."

Lucinil looks back and forth between the dead-eyed Riana and me with an exasperated expression.

"Is ...... okay?"

I'd do it if I had to, but I'm afraid I'd be stomping all over Riana's already half-dead psyche.

It looks like it's going to crumble if you tap it.

"No, it's not good, it's not good, I want you to do more."

It's definitely working, so beat it some more.

Is this okay?

As I listened, I wondered if Riana was going to strangle herself.

Tearing a kid's mind apart verbally, even if it's for the sake of awakening their abilities, when they're already mentally unhinged....... I already did it, but is it okay to do more than this?

"......Okay."

After all, Riana is asking for it.

In the end, hearing some words of rebuke from me may be part of the process for Riana to come to terms with herself.

Maybe it's better to be criticized than to hear nothing at all.

I don't know, but Riana may need my criticism, regardless of her awakened powers.

I got yelled at, and I paid the price.

I don't think so, but it might make her feel a little better.

I sat down next to her, leaving Riana in the sand for now.

And talk about things that are terrible to say.

"To be honest, it's not all you."

Once you've decided to do it, you don't want to do it in moderation.

"This is what happened because of this and that, right?"

"......."

"Well, a lot of people died, and....... Olivia's sister had a rough go of it, and I almost died, too......."

"......."

"Later, it became a matter of me killing Ellen, or me having to kill Ellen......."

"......."

"So, for the past few days, I've been having nightmares about Ellen killing me on purpose, so that I won't be so easily killed later."

"......."

"So....... all of this."

"......."

"How did this happen, and is it all because of you?"

Riana's lips quirk up.

Eventually, Riana burst into tears, her whole body shaking.

"Sorry....... Sorry....... Sorry....... Sorry, Reinhard......."

Even though she knew I was doing this on purpose, she couldn't help but be distracted by my words.

"I....... I did it all wrong....... It's all my fault. It's all, it's all my fault....... It's all because of me......."

I put my hand on Riana's shoulder as she shivers, and whisper in his ear.

"You said it's all your fault. You didn't say you did anything right, did you?"

Never.

"Well, what did you do right?"

"Black....... ugh....... ugh! ugh......! ugh!"

I didn't want to do anything half-assed.

Soon, it started to rain.

-Kurrrrrr

The rain soon became a storm.



* * *



-Shoot!

A storm was brewing with fierce winds.

The waves roared, and the thunderclouds raged, sending sharp bolts of thunder to the earth.

At this point, it's clear.

Riana is right to realize that she has the ability to control the weather.

Not even a goblin.

When you cry, it rains.

I stand on the beach, facing the raging sea and the pounding rain.

-Hey, you know Valerie doesn't really think that way.

-Ah, I know....... I know....... I know. I know....... I know....... ugh....... Ugh.......

-Uh-oh. Let's be gentle with him. You've completely destroyed him.

Lucinil had Riana under a palm tree and was patting her back, trying to soothe her somehow.

You realize you've said more than that.

But maybe that's what she needed.

Riana didn't pay for her mistake, and she couldn't be held accountable for anything that happened because of it.

So even a little.

Even if it's a rebuke or an accusation.

I'd rather hear something like this than have to pay a small price for it.

It doesn't make me feel any better, but I wonder what it means to be blamed for it.

A storm is brewing, a thunderstorm is brewing.

The harsh sound of the wind against my skin, the raindrops hitting my face in the wind.

Weather changes.

Is that it?

Is that it?

I stand in front of Riana, who is sitting under a palm tree, with Lucinil petting her.

"Archdemon, stop......."

Reading the determination in my expression, Rusinil shook his head in pity.

But I don't intend to stop.

"Riana."

"......Yes."

Riana struggles to lift her head and looks at me.

"Wake up."

"Stop it, you've checked, what else are you going to do here, huh?"

Lucinil shook her head, grabbing Riana by the collar as she tried to get up at my command.

We know that weather changes are possible.

Riana's abilities have evolved.

Riana's expression was miserable and desperate as she tried to hold back her tears somehow.

"What the hell am I going to do with this?"

"......."

"Pull it out a little more."

I point to the beach.

"What difference does it make if we make it rain a little bit?"

Can rain kill monsters?

Can you kill monsters with wind?

Lightning was originally a power that could be used.

"Some more."

"......."

"Show me something more useful."

"......."

"If you're going to take responsibility for what you've done, you're going to have to show me something more useful than this."

"......."

"Do you think that's enough?"

"......No."

Riana shakes her head in disbelief.

I don't know if that's what he meant or not.

Riana has blossomed a new ability, and it's definitely no ordinary one.

But Riana found a new use for herself and reported it to me.

Then some more.

Something more substantial, something more practical, something more useful.

More disruptive.

There should be such a thing.

I said something I didn't mean to say to provoke Riana.

But not from now on.

"Show me. If it's not there, make it happen."

I'm serious.

"If you're going to be held accountable for what you've done, you're going to have to show me something more than this, am I right?"

"Valerie, you are!"

Lucinil finally gets impatient and grabs the hem of my shirt.

"Well."

"......."

Meeting my gaze, Lucinil froze, unable to say anything more to me.

"Am I wrong, answer me."

"......You're right."

You can't kill a monster with a rainstorm.

So something, something bigger.

Something more destructive.

"If you know, do it."

Is it possible to be responsible for sin?

I don't know.

But Riana and I are alive and we've decided to do something about it.

This requires strength.

If hope is power, then we must find it.

If anger is empowering, then you should embrace it.

If desperation is strength.

You should eat despair.

At my harsh command, Riana stares at the beach with dead eyes.

I don't know if it was the power of my words or the despair and depression that my words stirred in Riana.

-Currrrrrrr!

In the distance, I could see a giant molten rock rising, sucking up the seawater.

Lucinil stared at the disaster, open-mouthed, beyond the overwhelming weather phenomenon.

I didn't settle for a storm, and when I dug a little deeper, I found this power.

Power enough to cause a disaster beyond a storm.

Riana may be the most powerful psychic of them all.

That's it.

I'll need to get more comfortable with the force here before I can use it in the real world.

By the way.

But you know what?

"That....... I know that's not what you're going to say after all this shit......?"

"......?"

I could feel Riana's panic as my tone returned to normal after all the commanding and berating.

No.

I tried to get the ability out somehow, and it's good that I did.

-Currrrr!

I could practically feel the violent storms generated by the giant lava flows.

"Can you get rid of that....... Can you get rid of that?"

I was thinking about pulling it out, but not at all about how to get rid of it.

Riana and I lock eyes.

"......."

"......."

It's no wonder I'm helpless, and it's no wonder she's helpless.

Even if it's a deserted island.

What the heck is going to happen when that tornado touches down in a populated area?

Eventually, the last card.

I couldn't help but look at Lucinil the Archmage.

"Well, my lord. Can't you do something with your magic?"

"...... I know the magic of calling a tornado, but do I know the magic of dismantling a naturally occurring tornado, and the magic of calling a tornado can't even bring me back from the dead on that scale."

Lucinil was equally helpless.

In the end, it comes back to the basics.

This is a weather phenomenon created in response to Riana's depressive imagery.

That said, once Riana's sanity is restored, the storm and the maelstrom disappear.

"You do realize this was all just talk, right?"

"......."

Riana's face contorts at my words, and she begins to burst into tears again.

That's it.

You know, the one where you get scolded by your parents and can't even cry, but when they pat you on the back, you burst into tears.

"ugh....... Ugh....... Hmph!"

"Whoops, yeah. Cry. I felt bad."

I start patting Riana on the back. Lucinil, drenched in rain, looks at me with a frightened expression.

"Bali, are you really....... You're a real piece of shit."

"......."

Anyway, me and Lucinil soothed Riana all the way through.

Fortunately, the molten metal quickly dissipated.

The storm continued to fall.



* * *



Since we still had quite a bit of time before deployment, Riana, Rusinil, and I were able to spend a little more time training on the desert island.

Of course, we weren't eating and sleeping on a deserted island. I'm training with a mass-teleporting archmage, and there's no reason why I should be.

"You go home and sleep tonight."

"......home?"

"Go to your mother's and sleep. Come to the castle tomorrow before noon."

I instructed Riana, who looked puzzled. Riana shook her head, her expression still grim, as if it was necessary.

"Go hold your mom's hand and go to sleep. Why do you have to be in a bad mood all the time, even if it's the strength that comes from being in a bad mood?"

"I'm just doing this for ......, aren't you?"

"How did you know?"

I chuckled, and Riana looked like she was going to cry again.

I'm rather impressed with your puns, as usual.

"Yeah, I'm going to go home and cuddle with my mom because I'm depressed, dammit."

Riana smiled wistfully, almost self-deprecatingly, and strode off.

"Hah, powers that come from being depressed. Being a superpower is complicated."

"Still, it's better than no power."

"......Yes."

Lucinil looked wistfully after Riana as she walked away.



* * *



That night.

"Riana?"

"Uh."

Today was one of those days when I didn't call for Airi, so it was just me and Harriet in the bedroom.

"Manipulating weather events....... That's crazy."

Harriet sat up in bed, her eyes shining with excitement as she scribbled in her journal.

You can even call a tornado.

But it doesn't end there, and Riana's abilities certainly have more potential.

You can make it cloudy, you can make it rain, you can make it snow, you can make it hail.

Taking it a step further, what about natural disasters like earthquakes?

We don't know the full extent of Riana's superpower potential.

For now, we'll focus on developing Riana's abilities until she's ready to go.

"So Riana's powers only manifest when she's depressed?"

"Uh, so the harsh words made me feel like I was depressing not only her, but also myself."

"Harsh words?"

"What....... You know, this thing......."

"ah......."

Herriot nodded wearily, as if he knew what she meant without being told in detail.

Not for me, who had to say it, not for Riana, who had to hear it, and not for Lucinil, who had to watch it unfold.

We couldn't hammock each other.

"That must have been hard....... You, too, Riana."

I couldn't help but feel horrible, wondering if I'd have to do this again tomorrow.

She was writing something down in her journal, thinking about it, writing it down again, thinking about it, writing it down again.

"Well, ....... But, come to think of it, do I really need to?"

Harriet looks at me as if she's remembered something.

"Do you have to....... What, do you have to say something you don't like?"

"Yeah, do I have to?"

"I couldn't care less because it seems to give me strength when I'm depressed......."

"No, if being depressed is a condition, I don't need you to....... say something you don't even want to say."

"So how do you make it depressing?"

This whole situation is weird and awful in and of itself, seriously talking about how to make your friends depressed, but this.

"I thought medication would be enough?"

"......?"

What is.

What does that mean?

"Wouldn't it be enough to mix up a mood-lowering drug? Why do you have to say such....... hurtful things to say."

"No, that....... that....... bad?"

The word "medication" makes me cringe, so I couldn't help but think that Harriet's words sounded harsh.

"As long as there are no side effects."

"......, right?"

"A drug that makes you feel depressed, except for the addictive part and stuff. I guess there's nothing you can't do if you want to make it."

While Christina was responsible for the creation of the Moonshine, which, in retrospect, is the secret of alchemy, Herriot played a role in the creation of the Power Cartridge as well as the Moonshine.

So it stands to reason that Herriot must have some knowledge of alchemy as well.

Herriot scribbled something in his research journal, then tore off a page and handed it to me.

"I'll show it to the Lord of Demand, and he'll know what it is, so you can mix it up and feed it to him."

"Well, it's still medicine....... Are you sure you're okay?"

"...... You don't believe me?"

"That's not true, but......."

At the mention of drugs, Harriet's eyes widen in horror.

If you're going to beat me up and make me depressed, you might as well do it with drugs, because when the drugs wear off, I'll feel better.

If Herriot is right, and there are no side effects, I think this might be exactly what Riana needs.

No.

But to be prescribed antidepressants instead of antidepressants later in life is just ridiculous.

Is this right?

"As with all medicines, long robes are a no-no, just so you know."

With that, Harriet turned her attention back to her journal.

Power is nice, but you can't hurt someone with words like this.

They'll just end up eating each other.

So use drugs instead.

That was Herriot's prescription.





第 513 集





Rumors have spread throughout the Alliance that the warrior, Ellen Artorius, has awakened another power.

They all marveled at the sight of the battlefield as the main body marched forward and the vanguard swept through the monsters.

A huge wave of flames poured from the sun's cloak protecting the warrior, sweeping the monsters away.

Lesser monsters are reduced to ash in waves of flame, while those that can withstand the flames are known for their Voidblades, which slice through anything.

The warrior was the judgment of the sun and moon, sweeping the waves of monsters from the front.

But the flames of hatred pouring from the sun's cloak did not shield Pia.

As such, no one could get in the middle of a fight that Ellen was sweeping away.

Most of the Allies were encouraged by the fact that the warriors had grown stronger.

When we say most, we mean not all, after all.

While everyone marvels at the warrior's majesty, the troops from the Temple who know Ellen are uncomfortable with the appearance of Ellen Artorius.

Something is wrong with Ellen.

He was already soft-spoken, but even more so than usual.

His eyes were glassy and unfocused, and he would occasionally grab his head and say strange things.

After marching, a reinstalled garrison.

The garrison was visited by the emperor and the popes of the five major orders.

Under the guise of improving the morale of the Crusaders as well as the Allies, the Emperor, unlike the Popes, had an ulterior motive.

He had come to check on Ellen Artorius after receiving a report from Saviolin Tana that she was not feeling well.

Ellen Artorius' Tent, inside the Temple Garrison.

"Ellen."

"......Yes."

Emperor Bertus was understandably disturbed by Ellen's condition.

Bertus sat across from her, staring blankly at Ellen, who was staring off into space with cloudy eyes.

At Bertus' side was only Saviolin Tana.

Ellen has awakened another power she hasn't been able to use until now.

But aside from being stronger, there was something seriously wrong with Ellen Artorius.

"You look like you're sick."

"......."

Everyone who knew Ellen saw her and asked how she was doing.

Are you sick, are you okay.

But every time Ellen heard that question, she shook her head.

She's just tired, she says. Ellen scanned her surroundings with cloudy eyes and a narrowed brow.

Like you want to see what's around you.

Ellen sees the figure of Bertus, and the figure of Tana, the violinist, standing beside him.

"Not long ago, I met....... Reinhardt."

Ellen still had a sense of self.



* * *



Bertus and Saviolin Tana know the truth about the Gate situation.

So Ellen decided it was okay to tell them what had happened.

Reinhardt was dying, and he took on the burden.

When I briefly explained what had happened, Bertus and Saviolin Tana were stunned.

A phenomenon caused by too many deaths. It overtook Reinhardt, and Ellen inherited it.

There was no way Ellen could be in her right mind.

"Call me irresponsible, but I can't help it....... I had to do it, I guess."

"......."

"......."

I had to save Reinhardt, Ellen mumbles in a dazed, almost stunned state.

Neither Bertus nor Tana could deny that it was reckless.

However, it's not like we don't recognize Ellen's desire to save Reinhardt in that situation.

"My ego will probably fade away, but it won't hurt people....... obviously."

Even if the self disappears, it does no harm to the humans who carry the hatred of the demon. You will only become a puppet with nothing but hatred for the demon.

When Ellen tells Bertus and Tana about her secret meeting with Reinhardt, it's not for any other reason.

Now that she's unleashed Rafelt's true power, Ellen is stronger.

"So, when the whole Gate thing is over....... kill me......."

After the gate incident, Ellen, with her self gone, is going to try to kill the Devil.

"Before I, Reinhardt, tried to kill you......."

So, let them die when they've served their purpose.

Ellen turned to Tana and Bertus.



* * *



"What is this."

"......."

-Currrrrrr!

An alchemical drug concocted by Lucinil from a recipe given to him by Herriot.

After eating it, Riana summoned three tornadoes to the beach in quick succession.

I don't know if this is correct or not, but it seemed like the only way to really bring out the power.

Of course.

"......."

It was very distressing to see Riana dead with a pale complexion.

"......Let's only use it when we really need it."

"I guess so......."

Riana nodded slowly in agreement with Lucinil's words.

It was a dangerous drug that was too sure to work.

I won't be able to trigger her abilities by grinding her to a pulp.

What to say.

Riana's struggle was almost painful to watch.

In a way, it looks like they're being punished.

In any case, the bottom line is clear.

After taking a depressant, Riana is invincible.



* * *



Riana's medication had a definite effect.

I don't know if you can call this a drug.

Not a pill to make you feel better, but a pill to make you depressed.

Can a drug be called a drug if it has the opposite effect?

In fact, I'd argue that it's what makes the drug worthy of its name.

They say it won't have any side effects, but I don't think you can use it very often because it's almost like it's a side effect.

The more you use it, the sicker it makes you.

That's probably why Herriot said not to wear it.

Riana focused on Herriot's words, not that she shouldn't wear it, but that it would have no side effects other than the potency itself.

Even when I wasn't looking, Riana was practicing with Lucinil on a deserted island, as if trying to get to the bottom of her abilities.

It's nice to have accelerated ability progression, but is it really a good thing?

Riana was abusing herself.

Olivia and the Lord Vampires were well on their way to selecting their elite and preparing for war.

From the moment we step forward, the army's march will accelerate, and the gate will be closed faster and faster.

And aside from preparing for war, other things were happening, one by one.

I was also fighting with Ellen in my dreams every other day.

Still, it didn't work.

If I'm not in the right frame of mind to hurt Ellen, I'm at a disadvantage.

The Voidblade Ramen will cut through everything it touches, except for holy objects.

Even if I became a masterclass, I was still lacking in overall specs, and I wasn't prepared for the fight.

I had to suffer a defeat that would end in one hundred and one, my death.

The pain I felt in my dreams in the moments leading up to my death was a bonus.

"This is already done?"

"Yeah. That wasn't that hard."

I stared open-mouthed at the milky white obelisk that replaced the fountain in Razak's main square.

People coming and going were looking at the suddenly erected obelisk and scratching their heads as if they wanted to know what it was, but they didn't really know what it was.

By my side were Harriet and Airi.

"The scribe's abilities are truly, truly amazing."

"Well, is that......."

Unaccustomed to compliments, Herriot scratched his cheek at Airi's words.

Obelisk of Dreams.

Herriot not only succeeds in interpreting the magic of his dreams, but also quickly succeeds in artifactualizing them.

I feel like I've been scribbling research notes for days, and now I'm trying to make this.

"We'll pilot it for now, and if it works well, we'll roll it out to other regions."

"Good."

I don't know how much a good night's sleep can mean at this time of year, but as someone who has had some pretty ferocious dreams, I'm sure it's something that will help people.



* * *



Interfering with dreams is not technically magic, but rather an ability unique to succubi.

Herriot's ability to turn them into artifacts was already beyond the capabilities of most archmages.

Herriot's capabilities are nowhere near what they were as a freshman.

You've gone from being one of the most talented geniuses in the history of magic, to being fully capable of it.

Oddly enough, it was Charlotte who helped Herriot develop the artifact so quickly.

In the past, when I've had to act as her assistant, she hasn't been able to take time for herself.

But Charlotte is doing a great job of doing what needs to be done without being an assistant, so Harriet can spend all her time doing what she wants to do.

But this.

This feels a little weird.

In the end, it's a good thing that Herriot is able to focus all of his time on his research.

It's nice that Charlotte has taken over everything I've been doing and is doing it better than I ever could.

But it was a little too objective to realize that I was being an idiot and taking up her time.

It's kind of like.

I have to admit, I'm feeling a little self-conscious.

"......."

"What's wrong?"

That night, as we sat in bed getting ready for bed, she looked at me and shook her head when I didn't say anything.

"......what?"

"Are you angry?"

"No, not at all."

"...... doesn't look happy."

I don't feel like I've offended you, and there's no reason to be upset. Technically, I wish it hadn't been implemented so quickly, but there's no reason to feel bad about it.

At my denial, Harriet glares at me.

Come to think of it.

I've spent the most time with Harriet since we took over Edina's government.

So, because he's spent so much time with me, he's the most sensitive to my mood swings.

Literally, I can fool anyone else, but I can't fool Herriot.

In the end, I couldn't help but sigh at the gaze.

"No, I'm just wondering if I've been taking up too much of your time."

"My time......?"

"Yeah, this is what you get for just this much focus, and if I could have run the country on my own, you could have done something else. Something more constructive and progressive. ....... What can I say, you could have done something that only you can do......."

Herriot was too good to be my assistant.

But everyone else around me was busy doing their own thing. I reluctantly let Harriet serve as my assistant, but she was an irreplaceable asset.

If Harriet hadn't been my assistant and had been working on her research, she could have been doing something greater, something that only she could do.

I wish I was a little better at it.

Now that Charlotte, whose qualities were clearly superior to my own, had taken the reigns, I could not help but think of what I could have accomplished in the time that had already passed.

"What the....... was that?"

"I know it's a dumb question, but what can I do about it?"

I sighed, and Harriet smiled wryly.

"Well....... Hmm......."

Harriet squats on her bed, contemplating.

"What I could have done if I had been doing something else....... I honestly don't know, because I was busy, just like you were busy."

"......."

"Still, I liked it."

Harriet looks at me as she says that.

"It was nice to be close to you."

"......Yes."

It leaves me speechless.

I couldn't bring myself to look at Herriot's face.

"Just because I could have done something else doesn't mean that the work we did together is gone, and just because Charlotte can do what we did faster and better doesn't mean that the work we've somehow done is worthless."

"......Yes."

Yes, you're right.

Age seems to have become irrelevant at some point.

At some point, I realize that I'm relying too much on the people around me, and in some ways, they're wiser than I am.

Not to mention being nice to listen to.

It may not mean anything to you, but that's what people need.

Herriot was, and still is, the closest thing to me.

Herriot said he's glad he did.

Aside from the practical efficiency and other possibilities.

I'll admit, I liked it.

From that point on, Herriot was dedicated to me.

I mean, they were trying to give me everything.

When she finished, she went back to writing in her journal.

Now that she doesn't have to act as my assistant, she's still busy.

I keep trying to find something to do.

"But why don't you take it easy? Do you have any more work to do?"

"I guess we'll have to wait and see about the obelisk, but not much else."

"Anything else?"

"I'm learning about the art of betrothal, Lord of Demand."

Engagement.

You're suddenly learning the art of seduction from Lucinil in the middle of all this? At my question, Harriet looked at me and smiled sadly.

"Ellen, you're going to have to get it back somehow."

"ah......."

I felt my breath catch in my throat.

"This is what we had to do because we ran out of time. There might have been another way."

"......."

"I don't want to forget that Ellen took on everything."

Harriet writes in her research journal.

"Ellen is also my friend."

It was Herriot, not Antony, who suggested that Ellen shoulder the burden.

Ellen is also a friend of Harriet's.

I had forgotten the obvious for far too long.

She's been writing in her journal for a while and suddenly looks back at me.

"So don't try to thank me."

"Uh......?"

"Well, that makes me feel bad."

To Herriot's question, I had no answer.





Episode 514.





After the Gate debacle, Ellen asked Tana and Bertus to kill her.

"You can't do that.

'There has to be another way. Ellen.'

Naturally, they had no intention of granting Ellen's request.

It's the hope of humanity, and it's not for nothing that Ellen should remain a symbol of hope for the rebuilding of humanity after the Gate is over.

Because I don't think Ellen deserves to die that way.

Bertus said he would find a way. Gather the remaining Five Lords and perform a cleansing ritual or whatever.

He said he would do anything to get Ellen back.

Bertus immediately set up a meeting with the five patriarchs who were inspecting the garrison.

"Is this what you mean when you say the warrior is possessed?"

"We don't know why, but it's eating away at the warrior's ego, and we need to gather all the priests for a purification ritual right away."

Bertus didn't mention that Ellen had voluntarily accepted the spirits, because he didn't need to.

The strongest army in the world, it is home to the majority of the priests and paladins of the Crusader Order.

With the power of the priests of the Five Great Houses, they cleanse Ellen's body and soul of spirits.

Whether it's possible or not, you should try.

"Do I really need to?"

"......What?"

Bertus narrowed his eyes at the Cult of Alth pontiff's words.

"If the spirits are more than even a warrior can handle, and he ends up losing his self. Doesn't that mean they are reborn as someone more suited to be a warrior?"

This time it was the Pope of the Tuan Order.

The worship of the God of Purity is actually an affirmation of the warrior's situation, as he is being consumed by unclean spirits.

"I have heard that the warrior has awakened new powers and is more powerful than before. If so, it is because of the added power of the spirit within him. What could be more right for mankind than for the warrior to be stronger?"

Bertus gritted his teeth at the Cult of Als pope's comment.

Tuan and Alth's Relics chose the Demon.

As such, they are in a very bad position compared to other denominations.

It's no wonder the crowds shun the two denominations, and priests and paladins find themselves on the outs even in this garrison.

It is Tuan and the Cult of Alth popes who most desire the Demon's demise.

Once the Demon is dead and gone, we can dream of rebuilding the Order.

While it's true that the newer religion, the Cult of the Champion, has the most support right now, the two Orb Lords who chose the Champion, Mensis and Shalam, are also very popular with the public.

The Cult of Riter, the God of Courage, has nothing to do with demons or warriors, but at least they're out of harm's way.

Thus, as the Demon rises, the Cult of Riter and Mensis gains support.

It is ironic that the popes of the Alsatuan Order, who can only dream of rebuilding the Order if the Demon dies anyway, must hope for the Demon's death even though their god has chosen him.

So, regardless of the circumstances, I'm in favor of Ellen Artorius being reduced to a demon-hating shell of a warrior.

Just as the popes of the Tuan and Als wish for the death of the Demon, so do the popes of the other three orders.

Only when the demon is dead, and the warrior has fulfilled his role and lost his symbolism, will the religion of the Cult of the Warrior cease to exist.

Only then can the Five Great Houses regain control of the continental faith.

The popes of the Five Great Houses of God had hoped for the death of the Demon King.

"You know what the devil intended, don't you?"

Most importantly, they were among the very few people who knew the truth about what happened at Gate.

The popes of the Five Great Houses were present when the demon Reinhardt was interrogated.

As such, he knew that the warrior Ellen Artorius would not be able to truly kill the demon.

At that, the Pope of the Order of the Ritter stares at Bertus.

"Isn't the Imperial House of Gradias the biggest culprit in causing the Gate to happen because they don't trust the Devil?"

"......."

"Now that you know the demon is good, do you feel some sort of obligation, some sort of duty, to try to prevent more sad things from happening to the demon and the hero?"

Bertus was speechless at this.

Because, as the Pope of the Order of the Ritter says, it's all horrifyingly true.

"Your Majesty, there is no point in regretting something that has already happened."

"Whether the devil is good or evil, it doesn't matter now."

"Before Gate happened. If we had believed that about two years ago, a lot of things would have been different."

"It's too late to believe the devil, so our caring for him won't change anything."

"After Gate, good and evil have become meaningless, and the only definition is survival, and nothing more."

"What's good and evil in a fight for survival?"

"The devil must die."

"Not because it is good, but because it is necessary for the survival of humanity, the empire, and the Five Great Houses."

Bertus was speechless at the words of the Pope of the Order of the Ritter.

Bertus could not utter a single word of rebuttal to those truths that seemed to stab him in the heart.

I should have believed it sooner.

Now, if you believe in the devil, nothing changes.

It was all true, and Bertus could only remain silent in his misery.

"Since the warrior was so close to the demon and she knows the truth about all of this, everyone in this room knows that she is someone who cannot truly harm the demon."

The people in this room know things that most people don't.

Those who know the truth know that warriors are not the ones who can fulfill people's faith.

He knows that the warrior cannot fulfill his desire to defeat the demon.

But things have changed.

The warrior's ego, his inability to hate the demon, will be gone, and once the spirits have consumed him, the warrior will be able to do what he truly needs to do.

The popes have no reason to help cleanse Ellen's soul of the spirits, whether they can or not.

"So the way things have turned out, it can only be a good thing for humanity."

Berthe and Tana look at the five popes.

No one is willing to help.

The Crusaders are ultimately driven by the orders of their leader, Elayon Bolton, and the Five Primarchs.

And is this really a bad thing for humanity.

Bertus couldn't argue with that.

And you're the one who caused all of this by not trusting Reinhardt when you should have.

When Reinhardt was interrogated, the five patriarchs were practically bridesmaids.

Saying that the real blame lies with the Imperial House of Gradias is not a provocation, it's simply the truth.

As such, Bertus knew best that he had no right to blame them.

In the fight for survival, there is no right or wrong.

The great patristic popes were no longer followers of God.

A man who fought only for the survival of the Church and its authority was not worthy to be called Pope.

But in the fight for survival, it's not about survival and rebuilding humanity, it's about heroes and demons.

To feel sorry for them is to prevent their predestined futures, which have nothing to do with the survival and hope of humanity, and to seek coexistence with an unrealizable demon.

Does he really deserve to be called the Emperor of Mankind.

The popes weren't popes.

The emperor was also not an emperor.



* * *



After the meeting concluded, the popes began inspecting the garrisons again to encourage the Crusaders.

In the command center barracks on the hill, Bertus was perched on one of the scattered wooden crates, looking out over the garrison.

"Your Majesty......."

"......."

Saviolin Tana looked at Bertus with concern.

Bertus stared out at the garrison with a stony expression, and said nothing.

The popes weren't wrong.

The true cause of every problem is complex, and it's impossible to say who is the real culprit.

However, there's no denying that the Gradias Yellow is a very large part of the reason.

In the words of the Pope of the Order of the Ritter, there's no point in believing now because you didn't believe when you should have.

Bertus knew better than anyone that he wasn't wrong.

For humanity, the devil is better off dead.

And if you're going to die, you might as well die a hero's death.

In the death of a demon, people will find hope, and no matter how dire the situation is, they will believe that the last demon is dead and that only prosperity lies ahead for humanity.

Hope and despair are ridiculous concepts.

Both have no practical use in saving or killing people.

But despair actually kills people, and hope actually saves people.

Just two for that hope.

Reinhard and Ellen Artorius.

Let them wallow in their own despair.

Is it right that they should take all the despair of others for the sake of humanity's survival and reconstruction?

One ceases to exist, the other loses his life.

They are both idols.

An idol of hope, a warrior.

The Devil, the idol of despair.

It is the emperor's right to sacrifice the two idols to anesthetize the people with false hope so that he can rebuild humanity and reestablish the Five Great Houses.

No one comes and goes.

The area around the command center barracks has been cleared of people and the popes have left, so it's just Tana and Bertus here now.

"Lord Tana."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"I thought I had the qualities of an emperor."

"......."

"He may not be the greatest emperor of all time, but there's no one like him in his time, or so I thought."

Bertus smirked.

"When Charlotte came back to life, I did quite a few pictures in my head."

"If it was a picture, would it be......?"

"A painting where I could be emperor."

Bertus looks off into the distance.

The blue sky was clear and clean, as if oblivious to the tragedies of the world.

On the ground, you can smell the smoke of cooking meals and hear the banging of weapons.

Even as funerals for fallen soldiers continue to be held.

The sky doesn't know it.

"When I'm better positioned than Charlotte, when I'm less positioned than Charlotte. Or when my position was irreparably compromised. I had thoughts about all of those cases in my head."

Bertus was already emperor, but before he became emperor. He had many plans in his head to become emperor.

"When Charlotte returned, I felt a great sense of crisis. Emperors aren't elected by the people, but they can't be ignored. The position of a princess who had been captured by the devil and returned from her ordeal was bound to have a great deal of influence."

The surviving Charlotte de Gradias was a very strong contender for Bertus.

"When they even managed to pull a stunt and get a temple, a royal one at that, I thought they were going to take it away from me."

"......You did."

"But what the heck."

Bertus chuckles.

"Lagan Artorius's sister is in my class."

If Charlotte hadn't survived, Ellen wouldn't have meant much to Bertus.

But with Charlotte's presence, Bertus needed a symbol that would threaten her political position.

Saviolin Tana seemed to know what Bertus was talking about.

"How Ellen Artorius and I ended up getting married. I mean, that was one of my schemes."

"That's right......, that's right......."

Arranged marriage.

Even better, if she was the warrior's sister, she would have a solid political position.

"But they looked at me like I was a rock rolling on the side of the road."

It's not exactly ignored.

However, I didn't really pay attention to it.

Ellen Artorius was such a person.

Everyone was fairly indifferent.

"It was a political necessity for me, not a personal interest at all, and it was just something I had to do anyway. I didn't make a big deal out of it."

"......."

"And then, at some point, you're stuck with Reinhard, the beggar, all the time."

Temple, Royal first year, Class A.

Ellen started hanging around Reinhardt, who had no talent, all the time.

Ellen, who had been indifferent to all of them, was strangely interested in only one.

At the time, Ellen didn't know who Reinhardt was.

Whether or not Reinhardt knew who Ellen was is beyond Bertus' knowledge.

The warrior's sister who was never interested in anyone.

Reinhardt was a beggar, an incompetent, a bad-tempered bastard, but he had a secret: he was a demon.

They gravitated toward each other.

There was no reason to be friendly, but we were.

"All the plans I'd made were worthless and unused, all the pictures I'd painted were gone, but I was still emperor."

In a way I never wanted to.

The previous emperor had died of overwork, and the empress was unable to take over the throne.

Bertus was never able to write the many drawings to become emperor, but he did become emperor.

"I think there's a certain inevitability to the two of them."

They were the first to get to know each other.

Now, it's the furthest away.

They value each other, but are forced to antagonize each other.

Bertus feels a certain inevitability in this malicious painting.

Each was a part of that inevitability, and each did its job in its own way.

Bertus stares out over the vast expanse of the garrison.

"The emperor should do what his head convinces him to do, not what his heart convinces him to do, or so I think."

"......."

"Especially at a time like this."

We should follow the path of reason.

Especially during these challenging times. Because it's foolish to pick the option that appeals to you.

When you don't know if the path of reason will lead to a good outcome or not, it's all too easy to see the consequences of making an emotional choice.

"I know that the words of bullshit popes may be dirty and messy, but they're not wrong, and I know that I have no right to condemn them."

The choices of the popes of the Church of the Lord can be cruel and vicious.

But there's no denying that it's a reasonable choice in this situation.

Bertus knows best that the Imperial House of Gradias has the most to answer for.

Saviolin Tana stared at the Emperor's weakness.

"What is the best....... what?"

"......."

The emperor's question was short, but overly difficult.

The best is easy.

It's best to let Ellen Artorius, now that her weakness is gone, kill the demon.

But that's just the best we can do at the moment, and we don't know if it's truly best or not.

"When I found out Reinhardt was the Devil, the best thing I could do was not to believe him. There were so many lies out there, and if you believed in the Devil then, you were crazy."

"...... did."

"The best I could reasonably do was not to believe Reinhardt at the time."

What was best then, was worst now.

The best you could do with your head at the time doesn't change what you think now.

The devil was not to be trusted.

So I didn't believe it.

But that choice brought the worst of the worst to the world.

Gate is a case of the best choices leading to the worst consequences, and a lot of people being held accountable for something that wasn't their choice.

"If the best thing for Ellen now is to leave her alone, is it a leap to think that it might be the worst thing for her later?"

"......."

"It's a leap."

Tana didn't answer, but Bertus was smiling bitterly, as if he knew without being told.

There have been times when the best choice has led to the worst outcome.

It's just a leap of faith not to choose the best, because the best choice you make now may lead to the worst outcome.

Bertus just knows it now.

What's best for you now could easily be the worst for you later.

A choice is a choice, and we don't know if it's for the best or for the worst until time reveals the consequences of that choice.

There is no best or worst.

There are only choices.

"I can't leave them alone like this."

Bertus couldn't leave Ellen alone like this.

We don't do this because we believe it will be best later.

It's just something that you choose to do because you want to do it.

Emperor qualities.

That's why Bertus doesn't think he has it in him anymore.





Episode 515.





The Five Great Houses refused to cooperate, so cleansing Ellen of the demons in her soul was not even an option.

Then your only option is magic.

Bertus summoned the imperial wizards.

"It's impossible....... ."

Bertus' face hardened as he listened to the archmages' opinions during their discussions with the imperial mages.

"Visions that deal with souls are extremely rare, Your Majesty."

Magic that deals with spirits.

It was never properly studied because it was categorized as alcohol in the first place.

The art of betrothal, which was studied to improve the condition of the princess, is just one of the spells that deal with the soul.

"It's not that there aren't wizards who have studied and understood conjuration, but....... but they are extremely limited in what they can do."

After listening to the tales of the imperial wizards, Bertus could only feel sorry for himself.

Magic that deals with souls is extremely rare.

Those who have reached the level of Archmage are able to apply their understanding of conjuration to work magic with spirits. But the number of spirits inhabiting Ellen is incalculable.

Even the magic to transfer the spirits from the demon's body to Ellen's body was already a miracle.

The imperial wizards' answer was that magic was reserved for those who had studied it for a long time, such as the Lord Vampires, who had lived for unfathomable ages.

The Imperial Archmages are not far behind the Lord Vampires in terms of combat prowess and magical application, as humans are particularly gifted in the Five Elements.

But the weight of time lived is different.

There is a difference in the total amount of absolute knowledge.

As a result, things like large-scale soul transfer, which are only possible for Lord Vampires, are out of the reach of the Empire.

And even if it could be done, it's doubtful that anyone could afford it.

Priests don't cooperate.

There are no magic solutions.

"......."

Was it an illusion that I could do anything?

I can't leave it alone and want to do something about it.

Despite being the emperor, there is nothing he can do for them.

Bertus could only stare at the round table with a stony expression.

Magic.

Divine Power.

Is that really the only way.

Otherwise, it's not really there.

"If it's an ancient secret or mystery that we don't know about, there may be a way to do something about it, but....... We currently have no way of knowing......."

"Ancient rain of......?"

"Yes."

Ancient Rain.

At that, something clicked in Bertus' head.

Spells.

There is such a thing as witchcraft.

Bertus could recall that one of his classmates had a talent for witchcraft.



* * *



No one knows what witchcraft is.

He had the talent to learn at Temple, but there was no teacher at Temple who could teach him the specialty of Dettomorian.

Just as Temple's students were leaving, there were teachers leaving.

Royal classroom teachers are no exception.

While there was a role for commanders in the management of students, it was primarily the responsibility of the teachers.

Royal Class Second Year.

It's been two years, so I should be in fourth grade, but Temple's curriculum is stuck.

I'm in charge of the second year students of the Royal Class, and I'm also in charge of the retiring wizard, Mr. Mustang.

After the death of Mr. Eppinhauser, who was in charge of Class A, siding with the Devil, all of the Royal Class sophomores were under Mr. Mustang's care.

In front of Bertus stood Mr. Mustang.

Bertus is the emperor now, not the student, and so Mr. Mustrange stands before the emperor, stiffly, answering the emperor's questions.

"It's not just witchcraft, it's psychic......."

"Yes, Your Majesty. That, yes."

Despite the fact that his student was an emperor, a pretty bizarre situation, Mustang stood still and broke out in a cold sweat.

A talent for the spiritual realm in addition to witchcraft suggests that the Dethomorian may be able to do things that many archmages and clerics have been unable to do.

Of course, it's not necessarily a possibility, but the mere fact that it's a possibility is enough to make Bertus grasp at straws for now.

B-8, Detomorian.

"You're not in the garrison, are you?"

"That's right!"

Even non-combat majors have their moments. Like Adelia in Magiccrafting and Christina in Alchemy.

Even musical talent Lanyon Sessor is on hand to keep morale high at the garrison.

However, the Detomorians, with their talent for witchcraft, were not in the service.

In other words, it's still on the ecliptic.

Of course, there is no need or obligation for every student of the Temple to enlist in this war. There is no need to force those who are not useful to the fight, and who are not useful to the combatants.

"During the initial march, I was a belligerent, and although I was motivated....... other students and soldiers were anxious, so I decided to leave......."

"Anxious?"

The Detomorian was not originally determined to remain in the ecliptic; rather, it was terminated for a period of time and then returned to the ecliptic after being determined to remain in the ecliptic, Mustang explained.

"Yes....... That, that......."

Mr. Mustang began to ramble on to his student, Bertus, who was a great authority.

As the explanation continued, Bertus could not help but make a face.

First of all, Detomorians do not participate in combat. They don't have talents that help them in combat per se.

But they mumble unintelligible words all day, and when the garrison is set up, they stay in their tents and don't come out.

Worse, it keeps asking for bizarre things.

I don't need raw chicken, I don't need bones, I don't care if it's a field mouse or a field vole, it's just different if it's a mouse.

They're mumbling unintelligible words, bowing to bizarre idols made of bones when someone peeks inside their tents, dancing with lit candles, and other bizarre things.

It's a sinister, unexplained pagan summoning ritual, and it's bound to make the soldiers nervous and start bizarre rumors.

Inevitably, an ominous story spreads that one of Temple's students seems to be possessed by the devil.

"What the hell is that doing?"

"I've been asked many times as a principal, and they say they don't know the exact effects....... So when I asked him if he shouldn't do something like that because it makes people anxious, he said that he can't do it because it's the only thing he can do....... That's why......."

"...... That's what happened."

No one knows exactly what the spells and rituals the Dethomorians mutter mean.

But it's clear that they're practicing sinister rituals, using human sacrifices, and doing other bizarre things.

The effectiveness is unknown, but it's definitely demoralizing.

And morale is a major problem in the military.

Of course, the sheer size of the army means that a single Detomorian can't have a huge impact on the morale of the entire army, but it's definitely having a negative impact in certain areas.

So, at the Temple garrison, the teachers conferred and sent Detomorian back to the Temple.

Bertus and Saviolin Tana couldn't help but shiver as they listened to Mr. Mustang's explanation as he broke out in a cold sweat.

"I hope ...... is okay, Lord Tana."

Charlotte is still in the same class and has some knowledge of the Dettomorian, but Bertus has little idea what the Dettomorian is really like.

There's no way a guy who follows an army around performing bizarre pagan rituals is sane, even if he pretends to be.

Even if all other possibilities have been cut off, can we really put the hope of humanity in the unidentified consciousness of a faceless creature?

Neither Tana nor Bertus had an easy conclusion.



* * *



-Whoosh!

"Hmph!"

"Ellen......? Are you okay?"

After a meal in the garrison barracks, Heinrich von Schwarz checked on Ellen when she suddenly grabbed her head and bent over.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's okay....... It's okay......."

Holding up one hand, as if to say don't worry, Ellen leaned back and chose her breathing.

"You have to go out tomorrow, are you okay?"

"Okay......."

"No, you don't look okay at all."

Heinrich looked at Ellen, who was in serious condition, and clicked his tongue.

"I'm taking over the mission tomorrow, get some rest, you're going to die doing this."

"......."

Heinrich von Schwarz, Pyrokineticist.

Before long, Heinrich was strong enough to be recruited for a large-scale extermination campaign. As such, Heinrich was one of the strongest Temple students to join Ellen's operation.

So over the course of two years, Heinrich and Ellen operated together quite a bit.

Ellen tries to say it's okay, that I can go instead, but Heinrich is already walking away.

Not the kind of pain that feels like your head is going to crack, but the kind that feels like your soul is going to shatter.

Ellen chose to breathe in place a few times.

Repeat as your vision blurs and then sharpens.

There were times when I thought I was going to pass out from the words ringing in my head.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

Those who don't know the details only know that Ellen is exhausted.

Everyone she passes asks her if she's okay, and she can only barely answer the question.

Ellen decides to go on a mission, but Heinrich takes over.

Knowing how much stronger Heinrich's abilities have become, Ellen doesn't worry about that.

But in the midst of a bizarre sense of blurred identity, Ellen desperately tries to stay awake.

It will eventually go away.

I don't want to disappear now.

I want to hold on as long as I can.

We don't know if that will be today, tomorrow, or next week.

I want to hold out as long as I can.

"Ellen......?"

In the distance, through my blurred vision, I saw someone approaching.

It was hard to see, but Ellen could tell it was Kliffman approaching.

Kliffman.

A-5 Cliffman.

Talents are combat.

And.

And.......

"......."

As if a clouded mind could prevent thinking. In her clouded mind, Ellen could think of nothing but Cliffman's name, number, and talent.

What role is Cliffman playing right now.

What you're doing.

Nothing comes to mind.

Suddenly.

Ellen's eyes glazed over.

Very briefly.

It was just a brief blur of vision, like the blink of an eye.

"......Heh!"

However, it was like being submerged in deep water and then being pulled up. With a strange sense of elevation, Ellen came to her senses.

"Huh....... 헉......."

Ellen couldn't help but freeze.

It was like closing my eyes for a second and then opening them.

However, Ellen was stunned by the sudden change in her surroundings.

"Are you awake?"

"Ellen......."

A moment ago, they were in the garrison, and Ellen could see the ceiling in front of her.

The marquee should be visible, but it's not.

It was inside a building.

"Hello, is this....... Here......?"

Ellen opened her eyes, not to the tents of the garrison, but to a familiar ceiling.

At the last second, Cliffman was right in front of me.

But now, on either side of her were Emperor Bertus and Savior Tana, and Ellen was lying in bed.

"Why would I....... temple to......?"

I closed my eyes and opened them, and suddenly it was like I'd skipped forward in time.

Ellen knows what the ceiling is in front of her.

This was the recovery room in the Temple Royal class dormitory.

I closed and opened my eyes, but I was out cold for quite a while.

Ellen stared at the ceiling, wide-eyed and dazed.

"Why would I....... Why would I....... here......?"

At Ellen's question, Bertus and Tana couldn't help but give her a wistful glance.



* * *



Ellen told Bertus that she had been out cold for about four hours.

Ellen fainted in front of Kliffman.

After being taken to the garrison barracks, Bertus and Saviolin Tana received Ellen's recruits and were transported to the ecliptic via mass teleport.

Her mind was as heavy as a soaked cotton ball, but her body was fine, and Ellen was soon out of bed.

Royal Class Dormitory Recovery Room.

Ellen, along with Reinhardt, would frequent the place.

But now that most of the students and teachers had left, the entire dormitory was empty, including the recovery room in the Royal Class dormitory.

Of course, the remaining non-combatants were still in the dorms, and the dorms were being managed by minimal users.

But the Royal Class dormitory, where the students had all but disappeared, retained its splendor, but had a bit of a bitchy vibe.

It's a lot of space, but it's all empty.

The atmosphere is quite different, but the Royal Class dormitory had a similarly somber vibe to the castle of Epirus.

This is what happens when a person disappears.

Take a moment to feel that strange, chilling sensation.

"But....... Why did you bring me here?"

Ellen asked.

He closed his eyes and opened them, shocked at how much time had suddenly passed, but also wondering why he'd brought himself to the dorm in the first place.

"I'm here to see Detomorian B-8."

Detomorian.

Talent is a spell.

Ellen seemed to have some idea of what Bertus was thinking.





Episode 516.





The only attendant Bertus brought with him on his return to the ecliptic was Saviolin Tana.

The more people who know about Ellen's condition, the better.

Detomorian was in a clubhouse, not a dorm.

Department of Occult Studies.

A club created to study witchcraft, with Detomorian as the sole member and president.

Ellen, not to mention Bertus, hadn't been too close to the Dettomorians in the first place, so this was the first time she'd heard of the occult research department that the Dettomorians had created.

Unsurprisingly, the circles aren't exactly rolling right now.

So with the entire temple nearly empty, it's hard to imagine that there would be any extracurricular activities, and the area with the highest concentration of extracurricular buildings was even more deserted than the rest of the temple.

As soon as Bertus, Ellen, and Tana reached that part of the Temple, he felt a sinking feeling.

"......."

Is this right?

Is it really possible to see the possibilities in this?

While they didn't have the cooperation of the Five Great Houses, the forces of the Devil, who were sure to be with Olivia Ranze, didn't have an answer with divine power either.

Even the continent's greatest archmages had no answers.

And only one student.

Is it right to bring Ellen here because she uses some mysterious power called witchcraft?

Standing in the desolate landscape of the frat house area, Bertus was reminded of how unrealistic his expectations were.

But it's a step forward.

If it's impossible to solve, it's probably worthwhile just to know that it's impossible.

"Let's go."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Bertus followed, with Tana helping Ellen, who stumbled occasionally and couldn't quite keep her balance.



* * *



"I don't have ......?"

Inside the Department of Occult Studies.

Bertus looked at the empty Occult Studies clubhouse and shook his head.

The blackout curtains were drawn, so the room was dark, even in broad daylight. But there was no sign of the Detomorian.

"And what's so dark?"

Bertus approached the curtain to check out the frat house.

"Don't touch it."

Bertus moves toward the curtain, but Ellen stops him.

"If you mess with it, you're going to get....... I don't think so."

"......Yes, Your Majesty."

It's hard to see in the dark, but the interior of the Occult Studies Department is littered with strange idols, just as Mustang had reported.

We don't know if it's just lying there or if it's installed. But Ellen knew that nothing in this room should be tampered with.

No one here knows much about witchcraft, but whatever it is, you don't want to mess with it.

"These are....... What the hell are they?"

Once his eyes adjusted to the darkness, Bertus couldn't help but marvel at the strange sculptures and extinguished candles inside the circle room, as well as the bizarre coven of shamans and unidentifiable traces of research.

If he wasn't a Temple student, the sight alone would have gotten him arrested for studying sinister black magic.

"But where is it?"

Detomorian says he heads to the frat house building every day, but he's not in the frat house.

I wonder if he went for a late lunch.

"Underground."

Ellen says.

"I think it's underground."

"......?"

Ellen's words made Tana and Bertus wonder.

But Ellen was only saying that with out-of-focus eyes, like she was feeling something.



* * *



Just as the upper floors of a fraternity house are unused, so is the basement.

The basement was often used to store equipment for clubs.

At Ellen's uncanny assurance, the three of them went down to the basement of the clubhouse.

-Clunk! Clunk!

"It's locked."

The large door to the basement is completely locked.

"Looks like ...... is locked from the inside."

If the lock is on the outside and you can't get in, it means it's locked from the inside.

"I think they closed it down......."

It could be that the building is unused and the door to the basement is locked.

But Bertus had a strange feeling.

"Well, let's get in there."

With a single swipe of the auror blade protruding from the tip of her index finger, Tana pried the locked door open with a partial slash through the door.

Upon reaching the ground floor, Bertus couldn't help but frown at the state of affairs in the basement, whatever the basis of Ellen's uncanny confidence.

"This is....... what the hell is this?"

Upon entering the basement level, Bertus and Tana couldn't help but feel the hairs on the back of their necks stand up as they saw the strange symbols painted on the hallways and ceilings.

Strange symbols and zines were drawn on the hallways and ceilings, as if the entire space had been written in magic circles.

"Something....... there."

We don't know what it does, but it's clear from Ellen's words that it has something to do with witchcraft, and that the Detomorians are doing something in the basement with the door locked.

Bertus, Tana, and Ellen descended into the basement, careful not to step on or touch the spell circle, in case it had any effect.

The basement was designed to be two stories.

Both the first and second floors were covered with unidentified shamans and symbols.

Bertus stared at them and grunted.

"We didn't build this overnight......."

"It looks like......."

The clubhouse had been unused for quite some time. It was almost certain that the Dettomorians had been drawing and setting up this circle in the basement of the clubhouse, locked away, for a very long time, even before the formation of a large army.

Ominous, ominous, ominous, and it sent a shiver down Bertus's spine, even though he had no idea what the coven meant.

The three soon found the Dettomorian.

A large warehouse in the innermost part of the second floor of the basement.

In the darkened basement, through the open door of a large warehouse, the three could see numerous candles lit.

Hundreds of large candles were strewn about in disarray, their melted wax dripping onto the warehouse floor.

And in the center of those countless seconds, the Detomorian sat still.

In the light of the candles, Bertus could see idols made of bones and numerous shamanic circles painted in blood.

As if aware of the visitors, the Detomorian slowly raises its head and looks at the three standing in the hallway.

"What......."

Bertus looks at the Dettomorian, who sits still, as still as if at the epicenter of an unholy ritual.

"What are you doing here......?"

If it doesn't mean anything, I'm afraid to have it.

I'm afraid that if it means anything, the implications of this mega-shaman are not auspicious.

Bertus exclaims with a narrowed brow.

"What are you doing!"

Always a dark complexioned boy.

Detomorian.

The boy watches them in the dim light of the candles.

Bertus asks the shaman boy sitting among the candles, feeling his hair stand on end.

"Wishes."

Dettomorian says.

"I'm wishing for 'peace'."

In a place that doesn't seem to have anything to do with peace.

Detomorian said he is praying for peace.



* * *



The explanation from the Dettomorian, who was performing some sort of ominous summoning ritual, was simple.

Wishing you peace.

It still looks ominous, it's still suspicious, but Bertus doesn't know witchcraft.

So we don't know what this ominous-looking ritual actually does.

As such, they cannot be punished or interrogated.

You won't be able to tell if a Detomorian is lying or telling the truth.

"You can come in......."

Detomorian said to Bertus, who was hesitating outside the warehouse.

Passing through the candlelight, Tana, Ellen, and Bertus approached Dettomorian.

The warehouse was filled with blood-red glyphs.

Is this how you wish for peace?

Does that work?

Bertus doesn't know.

"Is there such a thing as an origin....... What is it?"

"I don't know."

"......?"

Bertus was dumbfounded by the absurdity of it all.

"I don't....... I don't know."

Detomorian stared at the dying candle.

"Just....... and do what you can."

"......."

"I can't fight, because that's all I know how to do......."

Detomorian stares up at Bertus, his complexion grim.

"So, that's why we're doing this."

The shaman is performing a ritual that even he doesn't recognize.

"Just....... I'm praying, right?"

"That's right......."

Many a helpless man has prayed to the heavens and projected his hopes on a hero.

You're just doing a ritual that may be a meaningless prayer.

"Do you think something like....... will work?"

Bertus looks around the warehouse and stares at the Detomorian in disbelief.

"Maybe not......."

The Detomorian holds a large, half-melted candle in the palm of his hand.

"But....... might be there."

Detomorian stared into the flickering flame of the candle.

Bertus felt his breath catch in his throat at the slowness of the Dettomorian's actions.

In other words, it might not mean anything at all.

"You....... since when do you do this shit?"

"Continue to......."

Muttering strange, unintelligible words.

Bowing and dancing to strange idols.

No matter where he is or what he is doing, Detomorian continues to pray for peace.

For a long, long time after the Gate debacle.

Unable to fight, the Dettomorian continued to raise me up to some unknown power.

Ever since the Gate debacle.

For over two years.

How is this any different from the prayers of ordinary people, only on a different scale.

Bertus didn't know whether to feel small or great when he heard Dettomorian say that he kept praying because it was all he could do.

It might not work, but it might.

But Bertus takes note of the Dettomorian's words.

Not revenge or destruction, but peace.

The Detomorian's words of peace are stuck in my head.

Detomorian's profile has already been passed to Mustang.

From a primitive tribe in the north.

In a world where the fields and plains are filled with monsters, it's likely that the Detomorian homeland is long gone.

The Dettomorian doesn't know the truth, so he can't help but wish for the Demon's death in revenge.

Nevertheless, Detomorian prayed for peace, not revenge.

"So....... your origin was successful. Assuming that makes sense, in what way does peace....... be achieved?"

At Bertus's question, Detomorian shakes his head.

"I don't know."

Detomorian puts down the candle he was holding.

"If peace is not achieved....... my origin will have failed......."

"......."

"If peace is achieved....... my prayers will have been successful......."

This is a consequentialist thought.

"Of course, regardless of the success or failure of my prayers....... peace may come, but......."

Detomorian shakes his head, as if he knows without being pointed out.

"Then....... just because it's a good thing......."

So I kept praying for peace, Dettomorian adds.

"Because adding the possibility of hope....... can't be a bad thing......."

Detomorphic origins can fail or succeed.

Or maybe it didn't mean anything at all.

But at the end of the day, if there's even the slightest bit of promise in the origin itself, there's no reason not to try it.

So I kept praying for peace.

In the basement of an off-the-beaten-path, now-abandoned building.

Strange glyphs, shamanic circles, and idols are set up, bowed to, and endless rituals continue.

As Bertus looked at the Dettomorian, he felt a certain sublimity that he couldn't quite place.

Just as Bertus cannot read the meaning of the shaman's words, he cannot see the value of the Dettomorian's ritual.

But I was convinced that it wasn't something to ignore.

"So....... Why are you here......?"

Bertus suddenly realizes that Dettomorian is speaking to him as an emperor.

Ellen's case is special, but the other students no longer consider Bertus a friend.

Detomorian, however, did not seem to have much reverence or fear for Bertus, who had become emperor.

This shaman only acts and moves with his own set of principles and values.

In keeping with its values and principles, it was praying for peace.

"There's something I need you to help me with."

Bertus still doesn't believe in witchcraft.

However, Dettomorian decided he could trust them.



* * *



Bertus talked about Ellen's condition.

So many spirits have taken up residence in Ellen's body that her sense of self may be lost.

How to get rid of it or make it go away, or how to make Ellen not go away.

"......."

Detomorian looks at Ellen, who is sitting in front of him.

Ellen was straining her eyes, desperately trying to stay awake. But as if it were too much, her eyes were temporarily blurring and then clearing.

As if it's falling apart in real time.

The Dettomorian examines Ellen's complexion.

Warrior, Ellen Artorius.

They never had a chance to talk when Temple was running properly.

Just as Ellen is a stranger to the Dettomorian, the Dettomorian is a stranger to Ellen.

What peace is.

The Detomorian attempts to create that peace through origins, but doesn't actually carry it.

But Ellen was actually carrying quite a bit of the weight of that peace.

"I don't have the skills to touch 'this'."

Dettomorian looked at Ellen and concluded, all too hollowly.

No way.

The despair on the faces of Bertus and Saviorin Tana was palpable as they turned and listened.

Detomorian gets up from his seat and walks away.

Rummaging through his leather backpack, the Detomorian retrieves a small piece of bone.

The Detomorian takes a carving knife of some sort and slowly begins to chip away at the bones.

As you chisel, polish, and grind.

For hours, the Dettomorian carves a symbol of something.

Bertus, Tana, and Ellen.

I watched the Detomorian for a long, long time.

When the Detomorian has finally carved the symbol from a piece of bone, he pierces a groove in it and hangs it on a leash.

Detomorian hands Ellen the finished, crudely shaped necklace.

The moon drawn in the sun.

It was a symbol of that.

Although he says he can't touch such a thing, Detomorian makes Ellen something.

It's just a small symbol, made without much ceremony.

"Is this....... protect me......?"

Ellen asks, staring down at the necklace in her palm.

"Anyone can originate from ......."

The Dettomorian originated with a large circle of shamans, but the truth is that prayer can be done by anyone.

Aside from the authenticity of whether or not it really works.

"Just as I wish you peace......."

Just as the Dettomorian wishes for peace.

Like hoping and praying for something to add to your possibilities, even though you don't have the power to change the world.

"You, too, can....... that you don't disappear."

Ellen can pray that she doesn't disappear.

It's a world where if you believe in something, someone will lend you their support.

Ellen was chosen by two gods, the gods of the moon and the sun.

May you be protected by a greater power, not a shaman like yourself.

Detomorian carves a symbol of a being that can lend Ellen strength and gives it to her.

"May this be a milestone in your soul......."

He promises to pray for Ellen as well.

"May the sun and moon be with you.

Ellen remembers something her mother once told her.

Moon and sun.

Gingerly grasping the symbol, carved from the bones of something.

"Thanks......."

Ellen put the amulet the shaman had given her around her neck.



* * *



After taking the amulet from Detomorian, Bertus, Ellen, and Saviolin Tana left the temple.

Ellen and Tana must return to the garrison.

And Bertus wasn't done yet, so he'd be in the garrison for a few more days.

"Will it work....... ?"

Since we don't know if the witchcraft really works or not, we may have just wasted our time.

We don't know what kind of power Detomorian really has.

I don't know if they have powers or not.

Magic proves its existence by being magic.

Divine Power also proves its existence as it summons the power of the gods.

But the three of them hadn't seen the true nature of witchcraft.

We don't even know if it really works. If praying for peace brings peace, why do we need all the material things?

It's so hard and hopeless, I wonder if I'm just making it up as I go along.

There was a man called the Emperor, a knight called the First International Sword, and a warrior called the Hope of Mankind.

The very idea of relying on the uncertainty of witchcraft is terrifying.

Although he had spoken to the Dettomorian and received an amulet as if possessed, Bertus left the temple wondering what he had done.

This is not going to protect Ellen.

I couldn't help but think about it, and I almost felt bad for leaving the battlefield and bringing Ellen to the temple.

"It might not work."

But Ellen walks on, clutching that shallow symbol around her neck.

"But, just in case."

Detomorian was praying that peace might not come, but that it might.

Maybe the amulet can protect Ellen.

But I might be able to keep it.

"I guess it can't hurt to have something like this."

Just in case there's any chance at all.

As the Dettomorian says, Ellen will believe.

If you pray for this as a signpost for your soul, if you believe in it.

that I may not go away.

If believing that is enough to keep you from falling apart, then the talisman is already working.

Ellen believes.

So it was clear that Ellen was feeling a bit of clarity in her clouded consciousness.





Episode 517.





Detomorian stared at the door of the warehouse where the three visitors had disappeared.

"Origins have already been made.

Dettomorian knew that the sacrifices he had made for so long had already touched something.

It's a ritual for peace.

But Dettomorian does not know if it has touched a power that has the power to truly bring peace.

And while the ending may be peaceful, the process is not.

If you have touched a dark power, peace will come through a dark process.

If you have touched the power of good, peace will come through the process of good.

If you have a weak origin and are in touch with a weak power, you will not be able to bring peace.

The shaman knows neither the process nor the conclusion.

It's something that shamans have been doing since ancient times, raising sacrifices and performing rituals in hopes of something.

Dettomorian recalls the abyss he felt with Ellen Artorius.

How can we be sure that it's not a recalculation that was influenced by the origin?

It's entirely possible that what was created was touched by the influence of the origins, and then turned around and found its way to the warrior.

We don't know how Detomorian's sacrifice will affect the world, and whatever happens, it won't be strange.

The unusually large, naturally occurring collection of spirits that possess Ellen may or may not be the product of a Dethomorian ritual.

The shaman knows nothing, and can be sure of nothing.

However, here's hoping.

The Detomorian slowly gets to his feet and begins to rearrange the seconds.

Origins have already been done.

Detomorian saw something that might be the result.

So let's move on to the next origin.

More intuitive and clearer origins.

"......."

Prayers for lost souls.

A prayer that this money doesn't get any bigger.

One of the most common roles, and one of the most important, given to shamans since time immemorial, in ancient times.

Start the soul.



* * *



"One hundred....... authorized."

The best and brightest of Edina's elite.

Mages of the Vampire Council.

Paladins and priests of the Holy Order.

And a handful of powerful demons.

No more, no less, a hundred in total.

A hundred and five, if you count the direct squad I personally lead.

Divide into five units of twenty people each.

Lord Vampires serve as captains of each unit.

And a squad directly under the Demon King, including myself, who I will personally carry with me.

My immediate squad of five: myself, Liana de Grants, Herriot de Saint-Ouen, Airi, and Olivia Ranze.

Unit 1, Elise.

Unit 2, Lucinil.

Unit 3, Lerouen.

Unit 4, Galarsh.

Unit 5, Antirrhinus.

Archmages with maneuver initiative are in charge of each unit.

Five Vampire Lords who can use mass teleport, one per unit.

We will move separately, unit by unit, to clear a path for the Allies.

"We have one rule. If you encounter Allied forces, never engage."

It is very likely to cause unnecessary conflicts.

Our enemies are the monsters of the Gate. If we clash unnecessarily and reduce our forces, we will only bring bad things to each other.

"Also, when engaging the monsters, there is no need to overpower them. Remember, our goal is never annihilation."

The last thing we need is for our side to bleed out while we're trying to secure a path of advance. We don't have to do everything.

Our purpose is not to destroy the gate on behalf of the Allies, but to help them get to the gate faster. The difference in power between humanity and us is still obvious.

I wanted to get the gate situation wrapped up a little quicker.

In order to set the world back on track.

We don't know what the ending is that we need to reach.

Now, it's time to get to the ending.



* * *



A huge army is a huge consumer group in itself.

It's going to take a lot of mass adoption.

In the original Demon War, humanity's armies used warp gates to conduct massive supply runs.

However, warp gates are no longer available, and the continent is overrun with monsters making it impossible to maintain supply routes, so most resource transportation must rely on the mass teleportation of the Archmages.

Humanity's ability to rely solely on mass teleportation for supply is low, but it inevitably faces limitations the longer the army is deployed.

So if we don't end the war soon, there's a chance that humanity's last army will starve to death, not because it's fighting monsters, but because it's starving itself.

So in order to end the war quickly, this expedition must end quickly.

So we become their vanguard, unbeknownst to even the Allies, and we sweep their path first. The Allies will realize they have a vanguard they don't know about.

And Bertus and other senior Allied commanders will soon realize it's us.

It is foolish to fight among ourselves, and commanders will try to avoid conflict as much as possible.

Of course, it's too complacent to think that there won't be soldiers or knights charging at me.

Therefore, you should avoid contact as much as possible.

And another one.

We need information about our allies.

"Be careful, Sarkegar."

"Yes, Your Highness."

Sarkegar bows his head.

As always, Sarkegar will infiltrate the garrison and provide us with a map of the Alliance's route and details of their operations.

You could probably get in touch with Bertus directly, but that's risky.

The danger is to Bertus, not me.

If that gets into someone's ears, things get serious.

Also, Bertus is not in direct command of this army and is in the ecliptic during peacetime, so our information will be slow to arrive.

So, it's better to let the enemy remain the enemy.

As always, Sarkegar, who specializes in undercover work, will be able to relay information from the Allies to us.

Spy to help your opponent, not to hinder them.

I don't even know what's what anymore, aside from the fact that my main audience has been converted.

-Kurrrrrr

We all watched as Sarkegar transformed into a hawk and soared into the sky.

"Okay, let's get started."

We have now left Edina and arrived on the continent.

We'll return to Edina for maintenance from time to time, but we'll be spending a lot of time in the field.

Until the gate event is completely over.

It was going to be a long fight.



* * *



The Allies also have a vanguard.

We don't know much about them yet, but they'll probably have a vanguard of very powerful fighters like Savior Tana and Ellen.

It would be a force that could react quickly in an emergency and would emphasize mobility, both in and out.

We will operate from a position slightly ahead of the Allied vanguard, as encountering that vanguard could cause us some headaches.

In terms of absolute troop numbers, the Allies are vastly outnumbered, so we don't have to kill every monster in our path.

If we can handle it, it will significantly reduce the amount of work the Allied vanguard has to do.

Don't overdo it.

The army of five spreads out in their assigned direction, slaying the monsters.

Then, the five of us, led by myself, go even deeper.

The city currently targeted by the Alliance is Rahstran, a large city in the northwestern part of the continent.

But before you get there, you'll have to pass through many small and medium-sized cities, including border crossings.

The Gate Crisis ends when all warp gates in the doomed territories of the Empire's third-largest empire, Ryzeln, are destroyed.

It was too much territory to handle, and the Empire had originally planned for it to be the last restoration point when Ryzeln fell.

As such, the warp gates in all of Regeln's territories were completely untouched.

It's about restoring all of a country's territory after it's been taken over by monsters.

Lahstran was the largest of the cities on the border of Ryzeln.

There are a total of seven warp gates in the city.

But monsters also come out of the gates of small and medium-sized cities that you have to pass through to get to them.

In other words, small and medium-sized cities are passing points, and large cities are the main targets.

"If the outlying areas are like this......."

"So......."

While other units were executing their missions, we were reconnoitering points far ahead of them.

A point so far ahead that nothing we do here will affect the Allied vanguard or our own troops.

The vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard.

I stared blankly at the monsters flooding the Riseln borderlands, a border post with, at best, one small warp gate.

The distance is long, and we have the high ground, cloaked in Herriot's stealth spell, watching the situation unfold.

-koooooooooooo!

-Grrrrr!

Flying monsters roamed the fields and ruined cities, as well as monsters that overrun the land.

The number is almost unfathomable.

And there will be more and more of them the further in you go.

Me, Harriet, Olivia, Airi, and Riana.

The five of us have a bit more scope for what we can do.

"Let's try them one by one, see what works best. If we can take out a small town by ourselves, why not?"

I look at Riana.

She can summon lightning storms. And Riana's ability to kill in a wide area is unmatched among us. You can think of an entire continent and there's no one like her.

Even the magic of the Lord Vampires can't match Riana's destructive power.

But Riana has awakened new powers, and the breadth of her abilities is unlike anything we've seen before.

Weather changes.

It changes the weather on a regional scale.

Literally, it's a superpower that reaches beyond the horizon of your vision, and then beyond that horizon.

Also, psychic powers are not manifested through the expenditure of energy called magic.

"Whoa......."

Riana, her expression calm, stares at the monsters raging around her.

You've already seen what you can do.

It's not just storms, it's not just tornadoes.

After taking a depressant, Riana begins to manifest her powers with a depressed but confident look in her eyes.

"It's going to get a little, cold."

It's only October.

It's too early for winter.

But the clear blue sky soon gives way to clouds, and the air changes.

Before we knew it, white steam was coming out of all of our mouths.

The wind is blowing.

-Heyyyyyy!

The wind soon becomes a fierce gust.

Gradually, the wind swirls in, mixing with the flurries, and soon it's a blizzard that you can't even see coming.

"Nor....... No......."

Herriot's eyes widened, his mouth hanging open in disbelief as he watched.

Large-scale weather events.

A blizzard is brewing.

-Kaahhhhhhhh!

-delete!

Flying monsters crash as their wings snap and break due to sudden weather changes and gusts of wind.

The wind blows the flying monsters down.

But it's not real.

Riana mumbles to herself in the harsh gusts of wind, her face stony.

"Let's see how many of them don't freeze to death."

Freezing to death monsters that normally wouldn't exist in the cold.

That's the real power of this blizzard.





Episode 518.





Every monster is different.

Some are symmetrical, like a proper living organism, while others are more indescribable.

Some need to eat to survive, others don't.

Some are resistant to cold, others to extreme heat.

Some are so resistant to magic that they can't be killed by it, while others won't even listen to most weapons.

We're not trying to kill all those monsters.

It's slicing.

It's a way to exterminate those who can't stand the cold.

Cold isn't the only thing you can use.

Of course, a very hot climate, like the middle of a parched desert, could dry them out and kill them.

Riana causes climate change over a large area, primarily reducing the number of monsters.

Maybe forty below zero.

Add a blizzard to the mix, and the temperature will be even colder.

And it's not just the monsters that have to endure the cold, we do too.

While Riana used her abilities, we sold our shelter and used Herriot's magic to keep warm.

-Off!

The screams of monsters howling in the cold echoed in all directions.

No monsters approached the shelter Herriot had built.

We spend our days in safe spaces, waiting for a blizzard to freeze the monsters to death.

"Aren't you going to freak out when the Allies come?"

Olivia smirked, hugging the light that Herriot had summoned.

Outside, it was freezing cold enough to freeze my tongue if I tried to spit, but inside the shelter it was warm.

"Well....... I wonder if the snow will be all melted by the time we get here."

"Hmm, do you think so?"

At Airi's comment, Olivia tilted her head in disbelief.

The Allies are aware of our presence anyway.

If we can destroy the gates of a small city on our own, we'll do it, but we don't want to overdo it.

"Everyone go to bed, if the monsters find this place anyway, the alarm will wake them up."

At Riana's words, we were all ready to sleep in the tunnels.

Airi will help us fall asleep. Not being able to fall asleep in an unfamiliar bed is a surefire way to get out of shape.

Airy also has a role.

Riana's powers are extensive, but so is Airi's.

I will put the monsters that should be asleep, into a sleep from which they cannot awaken.

You die in the cold, swallowed by a suma from which you cannot awaken.

How many monsters will walk the earth alive tomorrow morning?

And more importantly.

"Bali."

"......."

Airi puts her hand on my forehead.

Time to dream about Ellen killing me.

I can't even count how many times I've died so far.

There is one thing I can count on.

Yet, it hasn't won once.



* * *



The dreams I have with Airi's help include shadow boxing and more specific image training, which I always lose.

No, you don't lose, you get killed.

Maybe I fell asleep during a blizzard.

In my dream, I could see Ellen in a snowstorm blowing across the frozen landscape.

-Heeeeeeeee!

Ellen looks at me, her dark hair fluttering in the blizzard.

In dream battles, there's always something that happens.

Ellen stares at me for about three seconds.

It's just a mental image I've created that has nothing to do with the real Ellen.

Ellen's hair blowing wildly in a blizzard and her calm expression.

And the unfocused eye.

It never says anything to me, and it always tries to kill me.

I wonder if Ellen's situation isn't so different now.

Or maybe it's hanging on somehow.

As long as I'm aiding the Allied advance, I may run into Ellen at some point.

I wonder if Ellen was the same person then as she is now.

-Woof!

The snow around her explodes as she takes a step forward, and through the wave of snow, Ellen leaps at me.

-Ka-ching!

Strike Ellen's sword with Alsbringer.

I'm afraid to look at the real Ellen.

With the same eyes you have now, with the same demeanor you have now.

I think they would kill me without hesitation.

I'm not afraid of death.

I was afraid of those eyes.

-Bang! Kakang! thump!

A blizzard of shockwaves from the exchange of swordfire.

I'm afraid to face Ellen.

Nevertheless, what you need to do is the same.

Real life Ellen may or may not look like this.

I.

I'll get you back.

At all costs.



* * *



The next day.

The overnight blizzard had left a huge pile of snow at the entrance to the shelter, so Olivia and I cleared a path through the snow to get outside.

-POOF!

"Ugh....... That's not something I'd do often."

"So be it......."

After a moment of grumbling, Olivia and I, as well as the three who followed us, were speechless at the sight before us.

The blizzard had already stopped.

Even Riana herself, who created this situation.

The whole world had turned white.

Literally, all I could see was snow, snow, and more snow.

It was as if the snow had consumed everything in the world. Not a blade of grass, not a tree in sight.

Of course, there were monsters roaming the snow-covered ground.

Large, medium, and small.

Clearly, there were monsters out there that could withstand the frigid temperatures.

"The monsters are almost....... dead......."

However, the number of monsters that had been swarming like bugs had already been drastically reduced.

"It's more than a little effective."

But anything more than that is welcome.

What could only be accomplished after a massive killing spree with an army, a one-night blizzard could do.

Only Liana de Granz in the whole world could do that.

Now that the monsters have been drastically reduced in number, we can destroy the warp gate.

"Umm....... But you know what?"

Olivia shakes her head and points to the ground, where snow has covered everything.

"Warp gate, where is it?"

"......."

"......."

Definitely.

With everything covered in snow, we couldn't even see where the warp gate was.



* * *



Since the monsters kept coming out of the warp gate, we could only assume that the place where they were spawning was near the gate.

Riana wanted to use her powers to melt the accumulated snow, but I restrained her.

I don't want to do myself any favors by taking depressants.

From the blizzard-covered ground, we could learn more about the unexpected effects of climate change.

Most of the flying monsters crashed and died. Their wings snapped and they crashed because it was impossible to fly in that wild blizzard.

Monsters who couldn't stand the cold froze to death.

So far, so good.

But many of them were crushed under the accumulating snow.

A small town on the Riseln border.

It was up to me to figure out where the small warp gates were and break them down myself.

With a direct hit on the source of the monsters, the Allies should be able to get here quickly, as long as they take care of the wandering monsters.

Even without a change in the weather, I was able to melt the snow with the flames of my fire, and we were able to make our way through, but the surviving monsters were buried in the snow.

I hope it dies of its own accord.

"I broke the gate, but......."

In the darkness of the snow, we were able to accomplish more than we set out to do.

Not to reduce the number of monsters, but because I was able to destroy one warp gate, albeit a small one.

"Is this thing going to melt until the Allies arrive......?"

It's still warm out, so the snow should be melting quickly.

We had to come up with something pretty crazy.



* * *



The speed of the Allied advance can only go so far.

So, having succeeded in neutralizing the warp gate of one small city, we've exceeded what we set out to do.

The Allies are still quite a ways away from us, and it would be pointless to clean up a spot so far ahead. If we clean up the monsters now, they'll be burning again by the time the Allies arrive.

So we just need to time it right and clear a spot where we know the Allies will be arriving some time later, at the right distance, ahead of the Allied advance party.

So we didn't have much to do for the time being, other than keep an eye on Allied movements and see how each Lord Vampire unit was doing.

"I think I can stay back in Edina."

Herriot said.

Around Herriot's neck is a necklace.

A bluish cuboid in the shape of a rectangle, a fairly heavy necklace with eight of them in a row.

Power cartridges.

It's Adelia's invention, but of course you can make a Heriot.

As far as I know, Adelia is constantly improving their power cartridges. Not only in terms of performance and horsepower charge, but also in terms of changing the material itself so that it can be mass produced.

I've also heard that they've created a new type of super-sized power cartridge called an arc crystal.

Absorbing Kaier's magic and using it for Redina.

I thought it was a fun idea.

Just as Adelia made her own modifications to the power cartridge, so did Herriot.

Whereas Adelia modified the Power Cartridge for the benefit of others, Herriot modified the Power Cartridge for her own benefit.

Eight power cartridges.

Auto-rechargeable.

When you use all of your mana, you recharge by absorbing mana from your surroundings.

Whereas Adelia's focus was on improving the power cartridge so that it could be mass-produced, Herriot created a unique power cartridge.

The materials, the design, and the power cartridges that I've been making in my spare time are by Herriot, but those eight are the only ones.

Because it's meant to be used when it matters most, and because there's a risk of it breaking if you play around with it, Herriot has been sitting on the shelf, unused, until now.

Herriot's horsepower isn't lacking, but it's far below that of his Archmage counterparts, the Lord Vampires.

So even though I understood the magic, I couldn't use it.

Eight self-recharging power cartridges make up for that lack of horsepower.

Soon.

The reason we don't have a Road Vampire, Edina's greatest power, is because Heriot can fill that role perfectly now.

It can be used for mass teleportation as well as teleportation levels.

Kudos to Herriot for creating a unique power cartridge that recharges itself, and kudos to Adelia for modifying it so it can be mass-produced with inferior materials.

Both would be great. After all, they're both just building things that the situation calls for.

Anyway, we can go back to Edina for now.

The troops led by each of the Lord Vampires have also been told to never overextend themselves, so if it looks like they're going to take damage, they'll consider retreating first.

I've told them that as long as they're operating separately, their judgment is the most important thing, and they'll figure it out without me looking at their status.

"Hmm......."

We're sitting in a snowdrift, eating preserves.

There's no point in clearing the way before the Allies get here.

You can return to Edina.

But there's not much to go back and do.

"Ashur....... That guy....... was dead, right?"

At my words, Harriet, Riana, and Olivia's complexions turned sour.

Ashar was a classmate of ours, and from Olivia's perspective, they had met in the religious club Grace.

B-4 Ashur.

Divine Power Talent.

We're not that close, we've only talked a few times.

Someone dies.

People have been dying since Gate, and as the fighting escalates, it's inevitable that more will die.

Isn't this what we do to minimize that inevitable death?

In the original, the main character, Ludwig, dies at the end.

Naturally, classmates are also dying. Saviolin Tana dies, so of course there are deaths among the students.

Some people make it to the end, like Ellen and Herriot and Delphine and Scarlett.

However, the situation is different from the original.

Too different.

Ashar wasn't meant to die.

The future is different, the fight is different, and people who shouldn't have died are starting to die.

Guys who die in the original may survive.

Conversely, in the original story, the survivors may die.

Ashir's death signaled that this was beginning to happen.

It doesn't just happen in hard, brutal fights. People can die in ways that are more like accidents.

Those deaths.

You can't save everyone, but you can save your classmates.

If there's a way to give them a break from death, I think we should do it.

You never know who will die in a fight.

Reducing the size of the fight they have to go through, reducing the monster, is the only thing we can do now.

You can't do much more for the guys who die in the fight.

However, there are other ways to die.

Because of the changes to the original, life and death in a fight is unpredictable and can only be prevented.

But some things haven't changed from the original.

Politics.

Death by politics will happen on schedule.

As long as the people involved in politics are alive, so are the dynamics involved in politics.

The knowledge that comes from the reorganization of power will be the same.

As long as their humanity is intact, politics will cause them to want to kill someone.

The fights are unpredictable, but the political relationships remain the same.

"Heinrich, I remember."

Harriet and Riana nod at my words.

Heinrich von Schwarz.

You are a Pyrokineticist.

The Prince of Cernstadt.

A prince who had no influence, but can only grow stronger.

"He's about to be killed."

Killing, not fighting.

Riana and Herriot's eyes widened at that.





Episode 519.





The way is clear.

The Alliance will soon recognize the intervention of an unknown force, but not yet.

And if you clear the path too early, other monsters will take its place.

So until the Allies begin their next advance, our units will have some time to play out their primary operations in real time.

"I need to see the status of the Allied garrison.

Heinrich von Schwarz is assassinated.

However, the exact timing is unknown.

So we decided to look at the trends in the Allied garrisons.

I can get the information from Sarkhegar, who should already be infiltrating, but I need to see it with my own eyes.

It wasn't just Heinrich's problem, there were a lot of things I wanted to see with my own eyes.

How the Temple guys are doing, how they've changed.

And I wanted to see how things were going for Ellen.

The other four said it was too risky, but what Sarkegar can do, I can do to some extent.

You can't turn into a beast, but you can turn into a person.

The Allies are outnumbered.

Even one is too many.

As such, it shouldn't be difficult to get around the garrison disguised as a member of the Allied forces.

And this war basically doesn't do much about security and spying issues.

Your opponents are unspeakable monsters.

There is no spying and no surprise because the enemy is always coming for you. There is no such thing as information warfare. Bertus knows I'm not dangerous, so he's not going to be on the lookout for my forces.

Since they know I'm watching, it's possible that they've designed the situation to make it easier for me to see what's going on. Of course, that's a bit of a stretch.

I arrived near the Allied garrison dressed as an Imperial officer.

Herriot teleported me away.

"......that's a lot."

I'd heard about it, but I'd never seen it in person, and the sheer scale of the Allied forces left me speechless.

If there's a crisis, I'll flee to Scroll, and if there's no such crisis, Herriot will be waiting to take me to Edina at a designated time at a designated location.

Due tomorrow.

"Your Highness, do you recall your rank and affiliation?"

Beside me was Sarkegar, disguised as my attendant.

"Lieutenant Lindell, Disciplinarian, 4th Training Command, 1st Imperial Legion."

Of course it's bullshit. Buddha exists, but there is no such thing as Lt. Lindell.

Why officers, so that the common soldier doesn't question who's where.

The reason for this is because there are very few of them in this Allied garrison.

Their job is to train recruits from the ecliptic and then deploy them into the field with supplies via mass teleportation, but they don't need to be there.

But it's not the only one.

They're actually officers in the garrison, but they're very few in number. So it's very unlikely that you're going to hear, "I'm a disciplinarian and I don't know anybody like you.

Other officers would say "disciplinarian" and move on.

So I've created a false identity that allows me to move around this garrison without anyone bothering me.

It was a cover story recommended by Sarkegar, who had gotten to know the garrison pretty well in two days.

This isn't even necessary in the first place.

There are so many soldiers and officers in a garrison that they don't all recognize each other, even if they're from the same army.

It's Sarkhegar's job to provide a bird's eye view of the entire Alliance.

There's only one thing I want to see.

To determine the status of the Temple Royal Class garrison.



* * *



Sarkegar is a man of his word.

I thought I was doing a good job, but I had given Sarkegar a pretty big task.

He can transform without any base, so we just sent him into enemy territory. You said to gather information.

Within two days, I had not only mapped out the distribution of allied forces across the vast garrison, but I had also come up with a plausible cover story for my inability to transform into a beast or bug.

No, but if you're good at your job, that's a problem in itself.

When you throw something at them and they do well, there's this expectation that they're going to do well.

What makes a great subordinate.......

Isn't that what happens when you're good at something, you end up taking on more and more difficult tasks?

If being great makes you dangerous, shouldn't you be better off not being great?

The garrison was so noisy that even if Sarkegar and I spoke normally, it would be impossible for anyone to overhear.

-Move! Move it!

-Emergency muster! Four platoons assemble!

Not to mention the shouting all around the garrison.

-Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

-PushBenefit!

A sound like the pounding of an army drum echoed in the air.

"You must be busy."

"Yes, the top combatants are, but the logistical costs of arming the lower ranks are enormous."

"Of course......."

Master classes can use Auror blades, and higher level combatants are given higher quality weapons. For example, enchanted.

The self-repairing longsword that Ellen and I used when we went to the Darklands is also considered a luxury item. Such luxury items can be damaged in battle, but they are durable because of their inherent quality.

A lowly soldier doesn't even get a chance to hold such a thing.

Relatively low-quality arsenals are their lot.

So once you're in combat, even if you survive, your gear is bound to be damaged.

This is why garrisons can only churn out so much armor until the blacksmiths are too scared to set up a garrison.

Spear and sword, bow and arrow.

-Bang!

I could hear the smelting of armor and the sound of grass, and I could see Union blacksmiths with reddened faces.

I realized how much manpower it takes to fight a war, and how many non-combatants, but somehow more important than combatants, are involved.

I know in my head that war isn't just about swords and spears, but seeing the bustling Allied garrison made it seem like it was right up close and personal.

I am a part of this war, but we can always return to Edina, our headquarters, at any time in the prime numbers.

This army is so large that the number of people who can travel very long distances via mass teleportation is extremely limited.

Many will not be able to return to their homes until this war is over, and many more have technically lost those homes.

I could also hear people's conversations to some extent if I concentrated.

-Well, at least I'm not starving. That's better.

-What does it matter if I die tomorrow?

-Have you ever starved to the point of wanting to die? I'd rather be dead than alive.

The safest thing in the barrel of a gun is a soldier.

Some say it's better to die than to starve, while others fear the shadow of death.

The war was tangible, the hatred, fear, and hope of the people was palpable.

There were conversations cursing me, and there were conversations praising Ellen.

Some wondered if it would be possible to feed this army until the war was over.

There were conversations between officers who worried about the fate of humanity if this army was wiped out.

-What happens if a demon attacks us now?

-No matter how powerful a demon is, how can he raid this place when there's Lord Tana and the warriors here? Without going insane.......

-Didn't the Demon slaughter dozens of Swordmasters on the Ecliptic the other day?

-But then he lost to you. You stabbed him through the heart. In truth, the demon may already be dead.

I walk through the Allied garrison with a bitter smile.

"That's quite....... That's a lot of space."

The Union garrison was large and populated.

So there was a lot of back and forth, and a lot of variety.

It wasn't just Saddam who was clamoring for a successor, but the usual suspects in an army like this.

And then there were the weird ones.

-Woooooooo!

From somewhere, I could hear the sounds of soldiers crowding and admiring, and there was a scene unfolding there that I never thought I would see in a war zone, especially under these circumstances.

-Kung!

-I told you, I'm a dog person.

There was a soldier who made a sneaky little brown dog sit, stand, and do other petty tricks, and there were soldiers who watched.

"What....... do you have a dog, a military dog?"

Even the squeaky-clean Chuck and Chuck were mongrels, so they weren't military dogs. This wasn't a war for military dogs.

"Surviving wild beasts seem to be trickling into Allied garrisons. Or perhaps the humans are finding them and bringing them in on purpose."

Just as humans survive this mess, so do the beasts.

"As you can see, the commanders didn't seem to mind if they thought it was good for the morale of the troops. It's not a lot, but there are quite a few units like that."

They may have been rescued, or they may have come to you because they think you will protect them.

-Ohhhh!

The soldiers are in awe of the dog's silly antics.

The survivors protect the surviving beasts.

It's just a dog. It's probably fed, and I don't know if it's a platoon or a company, but the soldiers in that garrison are going to keep that dog around.

They will cherish that dog, even though it has no role in this war.

It doesn't mean anything, but it's important because it doesn't mean anything.

Sarkegar stared at the spectacle.

"Your Highness."

"Uh."

"I, for one, wished for the destruction of all men."

Sarkegar stares at the soldiers, who laugh at the dog.

"But I don't think this is what you were hoping for....... I guess."

They have broken us, so be ye broken.

Sarkegaard wanted that.

That's why I'm watching a broken humanity.

Sneaky dog.

What makes us different from those dogs.

Sarkozy's thoughts seemed to have gotten complicated. It wasn't about forgiving humanity or anything.

But you'll feel a certain inevitability when you look at the broken things and can't help but hate them.

It's hard to put into words what we feel.

I can only describe the view in a few words.

A broken humanity laughs at a dog.

You look at what's still there and try to forget what you've lost.

We drove through the landscape.



* * *



"That's a long way."

"I guess that's to be expected with such a large force."

The Union garrison was so large that it would take three months just to get to where Temple's troops were stationed.

They didn't have officers on horseback in the garrison for nothing.

Of course, we don't need horses now that we can run faster than a horse at a sprint.

But when someone who is nothing more than an Allied drill sergeant is sprinting through the garrison at superhuman speeds, things can get very awkward.

The Temple Garrison is also considered quite important to the Alliance, so it's almost in the center of the garrison, so it's the same distance from all sides.

Eventually, we made it to where the Temple troops were stationed, even within the Allied garrison.

Many of Temple's students were drafted into the military. And Temple had a student population of over 100,000 to begin with.

As such, even an army of students is a massive force, and even without the use of magical enhancements, the level of combat power of Temple students is far beyond that of ordinary soldiers.

They are either professionally trained in no-tech or have studied magic.

Temple's forces are no match for the Allied mainstays.

There, a huge number of weapons from the temple were placed in the hands of the students.

You and Sarkegar have entered the Temple garrison.

Unsurprisingly, the average age of those coming and going was very low compared to other garrisons, both male and female.

Students are educated in the same environment regardless of their status.

But many have lost their homes and many have lost their countries.

Your identity has become a mystery.

Even among the nobility of the Empire, there are many who have lost their estates.

So it's safe to say that now that status has truly become irrelevant, they are all equal under the umbrella of student-turned-soldier.

"They teach in this environment, too."

"I suppose."

I nodded at Sarkegar's words.

It's not just the students, it's also the teachers.

In addition to combat-specific classes, we also conduct general training from time to time. There are no exams, of course, but it's not like the human race is extinct yet.

You may not be able to train for the future often, but you still have a class.

That's probably true for the Royal Class side as well.

Of course, Temple powers, and more importantly Royal Class powers, have little time for such general training.

Temples aren't completely dead.

When there are students and teachers, something called education can occur.

As if to shout out that you can't just train in a temple.

Sarkozy and I walked on, feeling pretty hopeless at the sights I had described.

The centerpiece of the Temple Garrison.

Royal Class Garrison.

I had no choice but to face the challenges I knew were coming.

"It's a defense......."

The Royal Class garrison area had a circle of barriers around it.

This had already been reported before Sarkegar started gathering information.

"As I said, the Royal Class garrison has strict access control."

"...... Looks like it."

"Apparently there were too many people trying to get a glimpse of Ellen Artorius, even from a distance, and some even broke into the barracks."

This is also something that didn't happen in the original.

Ludwig is the master of Alsbringer, and Ellen is the warrior's sister.

As it turns out, their fame has skyrocketed, but they weren't gated like this.

I wonder if this is me after all.

My presence has squared away the fame of my arch-enemy, Ellen, and made her more prominent in the Alliance than she was before. Your work on the Gate so far will be important.

It even gets to the point of stalking.

So we ended up building this fence around the Royal Class garrison, with soldiers standing at the entrance with lights in their eyes to keep an eye out for unwanted visitors.

Herriot had entered Ellen's barracks by spatial travel.

I wouldn't have gone through that entrance in the first place.

No fake identities, no nothing.

There's a sign on the fence that says, "No unauthorized persons," so no one is going to get in there without a reason.

"I'll take it from here."

"......."

Sarkhegar can shapeshift into something other than human in the first place, so he could have gotten into that Royal Class garrison.

I can't.

But Sarkegaard does.

I even knew that in the first place.

Of course, I only saw the Royal Class garrison, not the Allied return, so I can't say it's obviously meaningless.

But it would be even more ridiculous to bring him in now and have them both move in there with a spatial shift.

As long as it looks like this, even if I could get in there, I'd be an uninvolved party entering a Royal Class garrison.

You can't just go in as someone on the inside. The Royal Class garrison is not very large. It would be crazy to have two people in the same place.

Sarkhegar would be able to sneak in and check out the people without being seen.

But you've come this far.

We've come this far.

Among the tents and huts of the garrison, Sarkhegar prepares for his transformation.

It will turn into a bird and fly away.

But.

I want to see.

What happened to everyone.

How everyone is doing.

I know it's just a pain in the ass to check.

Still.

There are some things you want to see.

"Sarkegar."

"Yes."

"I'll do it."

"......Yes?"

The image of the soldiers laughing at the dog came to mind.

"You're controlling the people, not the beasts."

You're in control, not the beast.

And it's an environment that doesn't need a lot of beasts.

The existence of the beast itself is not suspicious.

"Can we do this?"

"I, Your Highness......."

"No, but we can try."

If it's a beast, you should be able to get in there.

I've never done this before.

However, it hasn't been done, not impossible.



* * *



Sarkegar's shapeshifting abilities allow him to turn into a bug or a dragon.

But I haven't tried it.

I didn't even dare to try because I was told that if I did it wrong, I might not come back.

So I wanted to be able to change into either human or demon form, but at least maintain a "humanoid" appearance.

But right now, it's impossible to get in as someone else.

I could have taken Sarkozy's word for it, but I wanted to see it with my own eyes.

I didn't need to come here if I was going to listen to it instead of seeing it with my own eyes.

Sarkeghar's face fell when I told him that I would suddenly turn into a beast.

But you should be able to get back on track.

If it doesn't, it's going to be self-implied, unspoken, or whatever.

We're not going to have this ridiculous situation where you're transformed into a beast and you can't get back, and you're screwed. At least there's a way to get achievement points or something in case you don't make it back.

Do.

Blind spots in the Temple garrison where people can't see you.

-Angel

I became a cat.

Why cats.

First of all, cats are small, and if they're spotted lurking around and eavesdropping, they'll probably let it slide.

No matter how weird it is, if it's cute, they'll understand.

Because that's what people do.

It's dangerous to turn into a dog, because you might suddenly be put on a leash. It's bad for hiding.

My supplies and clothes didn't fall to the floor.

I'm not sure, but I'm guessing that Sarkhegar's ring has some sort of function, like when Sarkhegar turns from animal to human, he doesn't appear naked.

But the ring was hanging from my ear, invisible. Like a piercing.

And the problem.

It's not easy to move your limbs.

What to say.

It's hard to put into words, but it's not like you're moving a limb, it's like you're operating a machine for the first time in your life.

You know, the kind where you have to fly a fighter jet you've never flown before.......

More like a mobile suit than a fighter jet?

No, I've never ridden either, so it doesn't really matter what I say, but.......

-Burr

I feel like a bum.

My limbs don't move the way I want them to!

No, it's not a limb.

All four of my legs won't work! I can't even walk!

Is the cat's limbs out of sync?

How do you extend your claws?

Am I supposed to know how a cat's limbs work or something?

I was frozen in place, wobbling on my right front paw, hopping on my hind legs.

-Hair!

Eventually, I couldn't even stand up straight, so I just rolled over onto my side.

Literally, helplessly.

-Burrrr

You're lying on your side, shivering, but your body isn't moving.

Was this really that hard?

What has Sarkozy done so far?

First of all, the four-legged cat is like this, but how did you do the bug thing, how did you do the winged beast?

-Cat!

Sarkegar can even talk, but he doesn't make any sounds other than meows.

"......."

Sarkegar stares down at me as I flop onto my side, my limbs flailing.

Why buy and suffer.

And then.

-Snarl!

Eventually, Sarkegaard changed his look, too.

A cat like me, but a little bigger.

-Angel

-Pulp! Flick!

Sarkegar tumbles out of place.

As if to say, follow along.

-pot!

Why is the tail going up?

-.......

Sarkegar the Holy Grave stares at me.

He shakes his head in silence.

You can't.

Stop.

Back to normal.

It was a nod of determination.

No, it's not changing, it's just that whatever it is, I don't know how to operate it yet!

You can do it if you know how!

No documentation?

-Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!

I blurted out, and Sarkegar stared at me for a long moment.

He stomped on my foot and started doing things as if he was trying to teach me something, one step at a time.

The.

Honestly.

I had no idea what it was trying to teach me.





Episode 520.





Among Temple garrisons, the entrance to the Royal Class garrison is guarded by guards drawn from the Temple.

Of course, only a select few are allowed to take on this role. Not only are the Royal Class students' individual strengths important, but the famous warrior Ellen Artorius is in residence here.

It's not just a bunch of dudes, but dignitaries and celebrities from all over the world. Ellen's fame is indescribable.

So, starting with the bullshit about not knowing who I am and ending with those who would yell at the guards if I tried to bring Ellen over, the Royal Class garrison gatekeepers are made up of people who can ignore such rude high-level bullshit without snorting.

As such, the garrison is off-limits to all but designated personnel, and the penalties for attempting to sneak in, or being caught doing so, rise to the level of an Imperial Emperor.

Of course, that doesn't mean they've gone away.

Such an access control situation.

Absolutely no access except for designated 'people'.

The only thing under control is people.

"......?"

The gatekeepers, who were scanning their surroundings in anticipation of the usual rambling and clueless dignitaries, widened their eyes when they saw a cat stalking toward the entrance of the garrison.

"Cat......?"

"What kind of cat is that?"

"Really?"

There's one on foot.

But in the mouth of the walking black cat was an equally black little kitten, dangling by the nape of its neck with a bite.

-Angel

The cat that had been bitten by its mother was letting out a pitiful cry.

A black cat strolls into the Royal Class garrison, unperturbed by the gatekeepers.

"That's interesting....... I've seen dogs, but cats? Did they get mixed in with the supplies?"

"No way."

Since cats are not subject to access control, the gatekeepers could only stare at the back of the black kitten.

Soon, the guards could see a grotesque figure.

The mother cat strutted into the Royal Class garrison with her kitten in tow, carefully setting the kitten down in the middle of the busy base.

Then, with a burst of speed, it blazed through the Royal Class base barrier and disappeared.

-Cat!

The guards stare at the baby black cat lying on the dirt with a blank expression.

"......This or that?"

"...... I think so?"

Sarkeghar abandoned Reinhardt.



* * *



-Cat!

The kitten's voice just sounds like a cry for help from a small animal.

It's like, "Hey, don't throw it away like this!" but who's going to understand?

Naturally, the cry of a small animal suddenly appearing in such a place was bound to attract attention.

"......What is this, a cat?"

And the first one to spot the cat was Kono Lint, a teleportation powerhouse.

Naturally, many people heard the cat's cry and began to gather in droves.

Except for those who are off base on a mission, everyone flocks to the cries of a small beast they don't recognize but know.

Adelia, Christina, and Louis Ankton, who were conducting research in the garrison, including Kono Lindt.

And the other students in the royal class were bound to come. It's not just the sophomores who are here, it's the existing seniors and juniors as well.

Surely a beast, or at least a cub, is not to be seen in a place like this.

"How did the cat get here?"

"Some places have dogs, but that doesn't mean they can't have cats."

"I saw a big cat that looked like that run away earlier, did he abandon it?"

"Oh my God. I feel so sorry for you......."

"How cute is this?"

"Who actually raised you?"

"You had a mother."

-Cat!

Of course, my original plan was to transform into a cat and sneak around the garrison, picking up stories and spying, but I never figured out the controls and was forced to be a spectator.

Kono Lint, the original discoverer, grabbed a purring kitten by the scruff of the neck.

"Hey, hey, hey, watch out!"

"No, not that......."

Picking up the small beast quickly, Kono Lint shook his head at the sight of the black kitten.

"Hey, do you think you're sick?"

-Burrrr

The black cat, hobbling around on all fours, looked pretty bad.

-Cat!

Of course, no one understood that it was screaming, "Put me down, you son of a bitch.



* * *



The poor kitten, abandoned by its mother, was taken to a restaurant marquee.

It's not because you're cold, it's not because you're floating, and it's not because you can't get up on all fours.

It's not because I'm cold, so a blanket won't stop me from shaking, and it's not because I'm sick, so I won't magically be able to control my limbs.

"You must be in a lot of pain."

"Why wouldn't it be better?"

"So cute......."

Naturally, a corner of the large dining hall marquee was packed with students.

The grim and gritty world of war is a far cry from the euphoria of seeing something cute.

Therefore, all the students crowded around to see this poor but precious guest who had suddenly appeared.

I put a plate of milk from the cafeteria in front of her, hoping she was hungry, but she just shivered and couldn't bring herself to take a bite.

"Right!"

Kono Lindt, who was watching, clapped his hands.

"Maybe he's stressed because people are looking at him so much."

Everyone in the room nodded at Kono Lint's words.

Stress is everyone's enemy, and for a little beast like this, it's a big, potentially life-threatening enemy. We all knew that intuitively, even if we didn't realize it.

"Let's leave it alone for now."

A bunch of psychics and superhumans, all of whom have a finger in every pie, united around a kitten.

The black kitten watched, shivering, as they swarmed and then scattered.



* * *



It didn't take long for the smallest of news to spread: a kitten had suddenly appeared in the garrison.

So, once the curiosity got the better of them, there was no shortage of students coming to the restaurant.

Of course, not everyone was interested.

"......That's interesting."

Redina shook her head, but paid no attention, as if she had better things to do.

It was rare, but not unheard of, to find a surviving beast, and Redina's shoulders heaved at the thought of such a thing.

Of course, most of them paid at least a little attention.

The battlefield was just too crowded.

Like soldiers with their dogs, Royal Class students wanted to see a little bit of that little animal in the emotional desert of the battlefield.

Among them was Adriana, a Temple dropout who eventually ended up in the Royal Class.

"Are you sick......?"

-Angel

Adriana carefully approached the kitten and cast a healing spell on it, just as the other Faith majors had done.

"......Since Adriana's doing it, it seems to be working, right?"

The black cat, which had been shivering like a dead man walking, stirred and lifted its head, rubbing its head against Adriana's fingers.

"How did he get here....... Poor thing."

Adriana smiled sadly at the little cat rubbing its head against her fingers.

I can't tell if it's a bond or what, but it's clear that the kitten likes Adriana a lot.

Adriana petted the cat for a while, until she was called to duty and hurried out of the restaurant's tent.

"Oops, I thought I was here to eat......."

Eventually, Adriana was distracted by the cat and had to go on a mission on an empty stomach.



* * *



We don't know if Adriana's healing magic worked or not, but the kitten gradually regained her strength as many students dropped by and tended to her.

Of course, that's not what happened, but it certainly looked that way to onlookers.

The tremors began to subside, and I began to move my limbs that hadn't been moving properly.

Eventually, after shivering in his blanket, he managed to get up on all fours.

"Look at that, he's standing up."

The students, who were afraid of startling the cat, watched with bated breath as if they were witnessing the miracle of the century.

Many of the students watched as the cat moved carefully, step by step, as if for the first time.

The kitten began to walk in circles, staying still within a certain range around the blanket. As if it were practicing something.

Despite Kono Lint's warnings not to bother, everyone was unusually excited about the arrival of this strange guest.

"And the mother cat abandoned him?"

"That's right."

Adelia and Christina stood by the kitten, who had just begun to walk, and gawked at the scene.

"Are you hungry? Eat this."

Christina held out the milk dish, and the kitten didn't even pretend to see it.

It's a full stomach.

Milk is not a common food in this situation.

"Are you hungry?"

You're hungry and you don't want to leave Malgo and eat like an animal, but who knows.

The kittens would occasionally squeak, spin in place, suddenly jump up on a pole, flail their front paws, and do other bizarre things.

It's like trying to check the function of your body.



* * *



As night fell, those who had gone out on missions began to return one by one, unless they were on long-term assignments. Naturally, word of the cat spread, and many people came to the restaurant to watch the cat.

You thought you were on a stealthy reconnaissance mission, but your body didn't cooperate and you ended up making them find you, but you still accomplished your mission.

"Cat......?"

When Ludwig was told there was a kitten in a crowd, he shook his head once and went back to his dinner.

"......That's weird."

It's certainly strange to have kittens in a place like this.

Ludwig paid no attention to the rest of his remarks.

Klippmann saw the group of people, but he didn't seem to be curious, so he sat down alone and began to eat.

The black kitten watched the crowd for a moment longer than he would have liked.

"......."

Scarlett squatted in front of the kitten, frowning as she debated whether or not to offer her hand.

"If it's just a little bit....... can I touch it?"

Scarlett asked Anna de Gerna, who was standing next to her, cautiously, as if to ask for permission.

"Wouldn't that be okay......?"

As if emboldened by Anna's words, Scarlett cautiously reached out to the cat and succeeded in petting it once, albeit cautiously.

The cat allowed Scarlett's touch, though not as much as she did with Adriana.

"You're so cute......."

Scarlett, who doesn't tend to react strongly, was stomping her feet.

And when Anna reached out with a wicked grin after seeing that Scarlett had successfully petted her once, the kitten slowly backed away, as if some kind of trauma switch had been triggered, much to Anna's chagrin.

Only the cat knows what's going on.

If the original kitten had really been a kitten, it might have been a problem for it to ride on so many people's hands, but since it wasn't really a kitten and wasn't really a cat, it didn't matter.

Of course, the cat, tired of all the attention, sat between the blankets, watching the people come and go.

"Shouldn't we give it a name?"

Kono Lint, the original discoverer, casually mentioned it to a group of students.

As if you've already decided to keep this cat in the Royal Class Garrison.

"Right, we need a name."

Delphine nodded vigorously in agreement with Kono Lint's statement.

Konorint wasn't the only one who had already decided to keep a cat that hadn't even been around for a day.

"How about black?"

"......."

"......."

"......."

"Gu, is it gross......?"

As everyone watched in silence, Kono Lint broke out in a cold sweat.

"It's too lush before it goes bad."

"Oh, I see......."

Scarlett, who is very rarely a harsh talker, has said enough.

"I know."

As he watched, Erich de Lapaeri spoke up.

His eyes narrowed at the words.

"Give it a bad name and it will live long. Let's call it dog poop."

-Ahoy!

"I don't think so."

"Right."

"Do I understand what you're saying?"

"And if it's not a dog, what kind of dog poop is it?"

"I hear this is how you live longer......."

"Shut up."

"ugh......."

Erich's opinions were drowned out by the indiscriminate dismissals here and there.

"How's Lily?"

Christina's rather cute name got a few oohs and aahs.

-Hello!

But the black cat didn't like either the dog poop or the lily.

Of course, I don't think they understood what I was saying, they just thought it was good timing.

Lily.

"Hmmm....... Lily....... Lily......."

With that, Kono Lint crossed his arms and began to ponder.

"Wait a minute."

Lint walked up to the cat, who was sitting quietly, and grabbed one of its hind legs.

"Is this a male?"

-Haahhhh!

Before you know it, the kitten is able to grind its teeth.



* * *



Many hands make light work of a ship.

However, too much of a good thing is a bad thing.

Now, the Royal Class was a ship that was going nowhere because it had too many men.

With so many possible cat names, it's easy for a cat to end up with a name that sounds like this and a name that sounds like that, and then nothing.

After all, what was a small beast to say, the interior of the Royal Class garrison was strangely cheerful, beyond much gloom and despair.

Maybe it doesn't take much hope to quell despair.

The little things.

Keeping those little things.

Maybe there's hope in seeing the little things that still remain.

In the midst of this strange excitement, students have mixed feelings.

The more important missions take place farther away from the garrison, which is why Ellen Artorius returned to the garrison quite late.

Naturally, the rumors of the cat's sudden appearance were bound to get around to Ellen, who arrived for a late dinner.

Everyone was vaguely aware that Ellen had been suffering from fatigue lately.

So, as if everyone had found some measure of comfort, if not consolation, in the little kitten's presence, Ellen finished her meal in a daze, and was led by the other students to stand in front of the kitten.

"Some mother cat must have come and abandoned it today."

"I wonder if they wanted us to raise them?"

"What do you think, is it cute?"

"......."

Ellen looks at the small animal in front of her through blurry eyes.

Cat.

Ellen couldn't hear people talking, or even the small animals in front of her.

It became distant and blurry, and I felt like it was all going to disappear.

The cat raises its head when Ellen appears and looks exactly at her.

As if you want to verify something.

Ellen squats carefully, as if mesmerized, and places her hand under the cat's chin.

"Uh, lick."

The onlookers watched as the little cat licked Ellen's hand.

The unfamiliar sensation of her hand being licked seemed to bring some of her clouded mind back.

"......."

Constantly.

A cat constantly licks its own fingers.

Ellen felt as if the small gesture had somehow awakened a sensation in the tips of her skin that had been dulled.

The cat's low, plaintive meow wakes me from my blurred vision.

Ellen could finally see what was in front of her.

Black.

Small animals.

Ellen opens her mouth, and Nazik speaks.

"Cat......."

Everyone watched the strange exchange with bated breath.





Episode 521.





A kitten that appeared out of nowhere.

But the cat, who hadn't shown much interest in anyone except Adriana, seemed to take a great liking to Ellen.

"Ellen must be good."

Adelia, who had been watching Ellen and the cat, said as much.

"This cat hasn't eaten anything today, will he eat if Ellen gives it to him?"

Kono Lint's words made Ellen look over. When Ellen turned her head, there was a new, slightly lukewarm plate of milk.

"Why don't you give it to me?"

At Adelia's words, Ellen cautiously accepted the plate.

Ellen looks at the cat, which is staring at her.

Ellen doesn't know how to read a beast's expression.

But I get this weird feeling that he's reluctant, but he hasn't eaten anything, and I've even heard that he looks a little sick.

Ellen sets the plate down in front of the cat and nudges it toward her.

Squatting down, Ellen looks at the cat.

-.......

The cat looks at the plate, then at Ellen, and so on.

It's like they're watching you.

Eventually.

Finish.

Gearco.

The black kitten sticks its head in the saucer and starts licking the milk.

He refuses to drink milk no matter who offers it to him, but when Ellen offers it to him, he can't resist.

-Ohhhhh.

We all realized that Ellen is the kind of person who makes the impossible possible.

Ellen watched the black cat licking the milk with cloudy eyes.

Ellen began to slowly stroke the cat's back as it lapped up the milk.



* * *



Currently, the Alliance doesn't include only units directly affiliated with the Empire, otherwise it wouldn't be the Empire and not the Alliance.

This is humanity's greatest army, the sum of its parts.

Despite being outnumbered, the Archduke of the Duchy of St. Thuan and his wizards are at war, and the surviving empires have gathered all their forces and sent them to the Alliance.

It's no surprise that the most powerful of these empires, the First Kernstadt, sent the most troops after the Imperial Army.

It's a war for the fate of mankind, and we're off to war.

Cernstadt's troops, then, as the second most successful state after the Empire, must have been considerable in number and very important to the Allies.

Such was Heinrich von Schwarz, the youngest prince of Cernstadt.

Pyrokinesis, a combat-related superpower, is now comparable to Liana de Granz's thunderbolt.

Of course, Riana awakened her weather manipulation powers unbeknownst to them.

-Currrrrr!

Heinrich watched from his horse as the waves of fear burned the monsters.

The troops that had followed Heinrich watched the spectacle in disbelief.

Somehow, Ellen Artorius was able to tap into the true power of the fire elemental, but naturally, it was Heinrich who was more adept at using it.

The monsters on the ground were burned to ash by the waves of fear.

Next, Heinrich watches a swarm of flying monsters fly across the sky.

Just as there are many different ground monsters, there are also many different flying monsters.

However, flying monsters are everywhere, as they have more freedom of maneuver than ground monsters.

That's why no matter how much you clean up the area around you, you have to be vigilant and keep your eyes on the sky.

Watching the swarm of flying monsters fly by, Heinrich focuses his abilities.

"Brace for impact!"

At Heinrich's shout, the troops tensed.

All the troops saw a red flash in the sky, a single point of light.

-Flash!

Momentary oblivion.

-Crackle!

And with a deafening explosion that seemed to tear your eardrums apart.

Heinrich watched as the approaching flying monsters were thrown off balance by the shockwave and slammed to the ground.

Fire isn't the only weapon.

It's all in the power of Heinrich von Schwarz, including all the additional effects that flames can produce.



* * *



Every power is different, but any power that involved destruction and force, as was the case with Riana, was considered a very important power in the Alliance if the wielder was of a certain level.

Heinrich von Schwarz is a prime example, while other examples include psychics who can control the wind.

Redina's superpowers are also very important, albeit conditional.

Heinrich's abilities allow him to take on large-scale missions similar to Ellen's, and they often overlap.

As such, there have been quite a few occasions over the years where Heinrich has taken over for Ellen on joint missions or when Ellen Artorius is not feeling well.

So, from the Temple Royal class. That said, psychics have risen to prominence in the wake of the Gate, if not to Ellen's level, and are bound to have a significant presence within the Alliance.

After completing his color and annihilation missions, Heinrich returned to the garrison, receiving salutes from soldiers who recognized him one by one.

Not as much as Ellen.

Naturally, Heinrich can't be as famous as Ellen, who has two holy relics and is considered the Devil's arch-enemy.

-Prince.

-Prince!

-Prince, look at this!

However, whenever they passed through the Cernstadt garrison, Heinrich was treated as a hero alongside Ellen.

Heinrich waved to the soldiers who shouted for him to see them.

Even in the face of great tragedy, people will always find hope somewhere.

The youngest prince of Cernstadt, Heinrich von Schwarz, was seen as one such hope by the people of Cernstadt.

Whenever Heinrich sees people find hope in him, he feels a weight lifted from his heart, like a very heavy stone.

But the pressure was never something I hated.

"Heinrich, are you back?

"......."

Heinrich winced and muttered quietly as a voice seemed to pierce through his head.

Psychics all have their place. Even if it's a non-combat related ability.

The voice that pierced his head was the telepathic voice of Ivia, formerly B-7.

Ivia's abilities had now grown by leaps and bounds, and she was tasked with spreading the will of the Allied Command to the various units.

While not directly related to combat, it is perhaps the most important ability in warfare, as it allows for instant communication over long distances.

As such, Ivia is almost forced to live in the General Quarters rather than the Royal Class Barracks.

Technically, Ivia is the lone communicator in this massive army.

'Go to the Cernstadt command center barracks. The military commander of Cernstadt wants to see you.

"......Okay."

A voice like a direct punch to the brain.

No matter how many times he tried, Heinrich could never get used to it.

Telepathy.

Though not a force for attack and destruction.

I don't know if it's ever not a force for destruction.

The ability to interfere with someone's brain from a distance is probably the most dangerous superpower in the world.

Every time Heinrich connected with Ivia telepathically, he felt a strange sense of unease.



* * *



After debriefing the mission, Heinrich headed for the Cernstadt military garrison, just as Ivia had said.

Heinrich was almost as famous as Ellen in the Cernstadt military garrison, so much so that soldiers and knights saluted him with awe and respect whenever they saw him, even if he couldn't see them.

I couldn't answer every salute and cheer one by one, and now I'm on my way to the summons of the military commander of Cernstadt.

Heinrich quickened his pace and headed for the area of the military commander's barracks.

The garrison was vast, and Heinrich had to walk a long way to reach the barracks of the Cernstadt military commander on the hill.

The knights and guards guarding the area saw Heinrich, saluted him politely, and cleared the way.

Once inside the military commander's barracks, Heinrich soon saw a familiar face.

Two men sitting on the left and right.

"You're in the middle of another big operation. Good job."

A man with a serious expression.

"Isn't that a bit too much of a royalty roll, though? Isn't it okay for Empire royalty to be consumed? I think we need to protest."

A man with a disgruntled look on his face.

Both were older brothers of Heinrich.

"Stop, by that logic, there is no such thing as a good soldier."

"But my sister......."

"That's it. How long are you going to keep the youngest, the one you don't see much, parked here?"

And the woman sitting in the front row.

"There you are, youngest, have a seat."

The sharp-eyed woman glares at Heinrich.

"Yes, sister."

Heinrich, military commander of Cernstadt, first princess of Cernstadt and heir. He bows to Louise von Schwarz.

The youngest.

Sibling treatment.

Only after the world has come to this does Heinrich find himself treated as a brother by the brothers who had treated him as a stranger.

Louise von Schwarz, the eldest daughter.

The eldest son, German von Schwarz.

Second son, Alfons von Schwarz.

The Five Men, Heinrich von Schwarz.

All the brothers are in one place.



* * *



Seated at the head of the command circle, Heinrich slightly avoided the gaze of Louise von Schwarz. First Princess of Cernstadt and heir to the kingdom.

With the king unavailable, the military command of Cernstadt fell to his heir, Louise.

She is also the head of the Royal Knights of Cernstadt.

That means she's not only in command, but she's actually very good at it.

Heir to Cernstadt and head of the Royal Knights, plus Swordmaster at the age of twenty-four. Louise von Schwarz.

Heinrich was always afraid of his sister's piercing gaze.

Both of Heinrich's grandchildren graduated from the Royal Academy in Cernstadt a long time ago.

Louise von Schwarz was even an early graduate of the Royal Academy at the age of eighteen.

Just as the Gradias Empire has temples, Cernstadt has an academy system.

It was a royal undertaking that was expected to one day surpass the Temple and draw talent from all continents to the Royal Academy of Cernstadt. And indeed, the Royal Academy of Cernstadt was a prestigious educational system, if a little lacking in comparison to the Temple.

Heinrich's brothers were all admitted to and graduated from the Royal Academy of Cernstadt, not the Temple, because, of course, it would be untrustworthy to send royalty on royal business. It's the same reason why the Gradians entrusted the education of their royalty to the Temple.

But.

Heinrich von Schwarz was sent to the Temple, not the Royal Academy in Cernstadt.

That's not because Heinrich is an important person.

I just wanted to get it out of the way.

The brothers are all together, and Heinrich is the fifth, or sixth in number.

The fourth and fifth are not here.

No, not in the world.

Heinrich von Schwarz as a young man whose abilities had just been awakened.

They were burned to death by the panic Heinrich had caused.

That's why, when Heinrich was older, he went to the temple.

No, you've been kicked out of the temple.



* * *



"My sister....... You called me because......."

"There is no reason for brothers to gather, and since you are not in our army and we do not see each other, we have invited you to eat."

Louise said, and as instructed, the food soon began to arrive, one by one, on the tables in the command center barracks.

The siblings are seated at the table and begin to eat.

It's not a cozy scene, and there's not a lot of conversation going on.

But it's important that we're sitting here together.

Siblings.

Heinrich's heart raced at the words.

It had been a long time since Heinrich had been treated as a brother by his brothers.

I didn't get to go to the Royal Academy, where all the royals go, and I was pretty much abandoned at the temple.

Eight years old at the start of Temple's primary education.

At the age of eight, Heinrich went to the Temple in the name of education.

It was effectively an exile. The royal family of Cernstadt may have paid for his education, but they had no idea how Heinrich was doing or what he was doing.

Because I wasn't interested.

To the royal family, Heinrich was just a royal scion with the cursed power to kill two brothers.

It was a simple accident, and one that Heinrich was too young to remember.

An accident that happened too young.

A prince abandoned too young.

So, in fact, Heinrich is a stranger to his brothers, whom he has only been able to see more often now that he's become a significant figure in the post-Gate world.

No face, no attitude, no behavior.

Even his two older brothers, who ignored or hated him.

The big sister who was always chilly and now seems to be cold.

It was only when Heinrich had made his mark and become an important person that he was treated like family.

Abandoned royalty.

Only after Heinrich had become an important person, a person with a name and value in the name of power, at a time when humanity's reputation was on the line, could he be a brother again, albeit a reluctant one.

Heinrich had a tendency to overestimate himself.

I knew in my head that I was abandoned royalty, but I didn't accept it.

I am the Prince of Cernstadt. I am the next in line of the First Empire.

That was Heinrich's pride and joy.

Until some nutcase gets into Royal Class and grinds himself to a pulp not long afterward.

I know now that he's not actually a shitty beggar, but a demon with an extraordinary and alarming history, but it doesn't make any difference.

Hearing harsh words you've never heard before in your life, and even getting hit.

Making a fool of yourself in front of a classmate you had a crush on.

Heinrich realized he was weak.

You have a great background, but it doesn't really support you.

I had to recognize and accept that I wasn't really that different from a beggar, but that I was a lot worse.

Even the force that was given to me was not properly honed.

Heinrich tried to make it work.

To make the power we're given into something tangible.

Reinhardt goes from being a goofy classmate to a fearsome force to be reckoned with.

He definitely knows what he's talking about.

So after the Gate, even as he used his powers to kill monsters and save people, Heinrich continued to improve his abilities.

That's why Heinrich could be so important right now.

He was able to abandon himself and be treated as a brother again by his brothers who had treated him like a nobody.

In the past, Heinrich had a tendency to overestimate himself.

This is how Heinrich would have judged the situation.

My brothers finally recognize my value and accept me back into the family.

Once these things are done, I will be able to return to the palace and live as a member of the royal family, if not the heir to the kingdom.

You should have felt a sense of pride and accomplishment.

After being abandoned by his family, he would have been happy and content to return to that place for whatever reason.

However, there is no Heinrich from his arrogant, self-indulgent days.

Someone taught me how to do something called topic identification.

What you can and can't do.

Who I am.

What I need to do.

Heinrich is now able to look at himself and his surroundings quite dispassionately.

"When this is over, will you return to Cernstadt?"

Louise asks as she slices the meat.

In the past, I would have said yes.

He wants to be recognized by his siblings and parents for rebuilding the country.

I would have answered that.

But the other two siblings are bothered by their sister's question.

He intuited that the brothers were focused on his answer.

Return to Cernstadt.

I just miss the embrace of my family.

But what he will do when he returns to Cernstadt, what he will do to rebuild his country and recognize his brothers.

Think about the problems that come with being in a strong position.

The older sister is thinking about herself now.

How it would be understood, how it would be accepted, how it would be accepted that I was so innocently longing for the arms of my family.

Of what his brothers and countless others would think of him.

on how to view it.

Think about it.

The longing to return to the embrace of family, the many things that foolish naivety will bring.

Intuit that there will be people who are afraid of it.

Heinrich thinks his older sister is thinking of him.

"There's a lot going on in the world, so I'm going to be gone for a while....... I don't think I'll be back, and if I do, it'll be for a few days....... for a few days. If the Temple is rebuilt, I'll have to finish my studies. I don't know if that day will ever come, but......."

Heinrich felt the tension in the room soften at his answer.

"Yeah."

It's overwhelming to be recognized as a brother again.

A family that is forced to accept because of circumstance, because of fame, because of power, cannot truly be a family.

Heinrich von Schwarz had a realization.

"Well, that's a shame."

Louise looks at Heinrich and slices the meat and pops it into her mouth.

Know your topic.

A guy who is now cursed by the mere mention of his name.

The things I learned to do because of him were coming in handy in the wrong places.





Episode 522.





After eating with his brothers, Heinrich was returning to the Temple garrison.

The time is night.

On his way home, Heinrich was thinking about what his older sister had told him.

I invited them to eat, but they didn't end up eating.

"I don't agree with Alphonse that the Empire is pushing you into operations that are too dangerous, but they are pushing you.

'I can't help it, given the circumstances, but you're royalty in Cernstadt, an important member of the royal family, one of the cornerstones of our future. It is quite uncomfortable for the Empire to have such a talent at its disposal.

'So I'm going to put you in the Cernstadt chain of command. That doesn't mean it will be permanent. There will come a time when you will be required to cooperate with the Temple forces, including Ellen Artorius, as well as the General Command, if necessary.'

'But before you were a student at the Temple, you were royalty in Cernstadt, and you are our brother.'

"Therefore, I believe it is right that we should have authority over matters concerning your personal life.

"He's the youngest. Do you agree?

Cornerstone.

Royalty.

Siblings.

Future.

The words from his sister's mouth tickled Heinrich's heart.

What a great thing to hear.

What a way to get a person's heart racing with just a few words.

No matter how much Heinrich wanted to hear it and how he was treated, it was strange to feel like he was really back in the family.

Heinrich walks through the garrison, where night has already fallen.

Yes.

That kind of power deserves to be recognized.

Heinrich stops in his tracks.

As if to put the brakes on the arrogance that once again reared its head.

You stop and look up at the night sky.

The.

It's just that it was lonely.

It's definitely weird to have your heart skip a beat at just a few words like that.

I'm just a weirdo because I was abandoned so early in life.

Come to think of it, Heinrich is royalty, but he has little memory of living like royalty.

So I don't even know what fraternization among royalty looks like.

So, you realize the strange realization that you're missing something you don't even know you're missing.

No favors are given for no reason.

That's true between siblings, and it's even more true when they're labeled royalty.

With power and influence, he was accepted as a brother again.

It's not about you, it's about power and influence.

Ruiz says he's going to get authorization from the High Command for his safety.

On the surface, the argument is that he is royalty in Cernstadt before he is a Temple student and Imperial citizen, and that he is important to the rebuilding of the country and should be protected, but the truth behind this is different.

Ruiz won't allow Heinrich to manipulate her without her permission.

This means strengthening Cernstadt's influence over the Allies.

Now that she's made herself useful, Louise wants to take control.

Brotherhood.

The truth that you don't even know, that you've never tried, that the drink is too sweet to drink. It shows up when you remove the false veil of emotion.

Consider Ellen's case.

Ellen Artorius is very important to the Alliance right now. Both as a morale booster and as an actual force.

The Allied Commander-in-Chief can decide which operations to deploy Ellen to.

You can direct Ellen to help the Cernstadt forces, you can direct her to help the Crusaders, or you can mobilize her to help other empires.

Every member of this coalition will want Ellen to fight alongside them.

If the decision-making power is in the hands of the high command, not Ellen, then everyone will be forced to meekly follow the dictates and orders of the high command.

It shouldn't be an emotional decision, but at the end of the day, the Alliance is a group of human beings.

If they don't get the support they need, they're going to suffer a lot of casualties.

Ellen can even clear the battlefield by herself.

Ellen has a single body, so if there are two operations going on at the same time, she can't help one.

The impact of having that decision-making power in the hands of the commander-in-chief can't be underestimated.

Heinrich's case is no different.

Already nearly unstoppable in melee, Ellen gained a wide range of offensive abilities when she awakened the Sun Relic.

Heinrich was more destructive than Ellen before she had that power.

Heinrich's destructive abilities really shine when faced with a large group.

So, instead of being subject to the influence of the General Staff as she is now, Louise is trying to gain control of an important strategic weapon, Heinrich's personal life, in order to gain influence in reverse. Heinrich's influence will begin to accrue the moment he is incorporated into Cernstadt's army.

Not because they're brothers, but because of their usefulness as weapons.

So what to do.

Do you really want to listen to your older sister, who is only out to take advantage of you under the guise of family?

You don't even consider yourself a brother, do you?

What good can come from being used by a brother whose only purpose is to be used?

An army on the march to save the world, to rebuild humanity.

Within that army, is there this conflict over the slightest bit of initiative?

Not too silly.

Too much.

Isn't this a little silly?

Why should there be conflicts of interest when there is only one goal?

Heinrich walks with a lonely look on his face, staring into the night sky.

"......whoops."

Heinrich does not know brotherhood. He was separated from his brothers too soon.

I don't know more about politics. I was removed from politics too early in life.

So both were too difficult for Heinrich.

Whether to listen to Louise or not.

Heinrich didn't know.



* * *



Back at the Temple garrison, Heinrich noticed a bit of a commotion inside.

It was Lanyon Sessor, playing his guitar in the center of the garrison.

Garrison guards, passing knights, and Temple students gathered around, listening to Lanyon's performance.

Lanyon Sesor, who leads the military band, travels to each garrison to play music and sing.

The gift of music.

Lanyon Sessor could play almost any instrument, as well as compose, conduct, and sing.

If this were peacetime, and Lanyon Sessor had been allowed to graduate from Temple as he should have, he would surely have become a performer, composer, and conductor whose name is known across the continent.

But at the beginning of humanity's final march, Lanyon Sesor plays music and sings for the soldiers who have lost or left their homes.

Music is a talent that is secondary to combat.

But Heinrich knew that Lanyon Sessor had a big role to play.

The value of music to energize the depressed, to calm the mind with a soothing performance, was something Heinrich felt every time he listened to Lanion play after Gate.

It's a talent that has nothing to do with combat, but it's a talent that people might need the most. Heinrich thinks.

He plays a guitar with a soothing melody and sings to people in a low voice.

It was a song with the message that one day there would be peace.

Most of the Temple garrison was listening to Lanion's song.

Lanyon Sessor has written quite a few songs since Gate.

In fact, there were quite a few songs about Ellen defeating the demon king Valier, and they were very popular.

When Lanion saw Ellen turn blue and gag when she heard the song in person, he stopped writing songs about her.

Songs about warriors are the most popular, but Lanyon hasn't written or sung a song about Ellen since.

Maybe it was the pressure, maybe it was something else, but I knew that Ellen was very afraid of those songs.

Heinrich could see Ellen out of the corner of his eye, perched on a crate, concentrating on the song.

Ellen carried so many burdens that she sometimes felt sorry for herself. Heinrich wasn't sure what had changed, but he noticed a necklace around Ellen's neck that he hadn't seen before.

And I saw her clutching the necklace with one hand as if it were something precious.

You've been looking tired lately, how did that work out for you?

Heinrich had his work cut out for him, but he knew that Ellen's burden was on a different level.

It's more than one person can handle.

"......Hmm?"

But Heinrich couldn't help but see something a little different.

People were so engrossed in Lanyon's music that they kept looking in Ellen's direction.

There was something on Ellen's lap.

"Cat?"

A black and white cat was sitting on Ellen's lap, and she kept stroking its back.

"Hey."

Turning at the sound of a voice addressed to him, he found himself face to face with the ever-singular Conor Lint.

"Uh....... Well. But what is that, a cat?"

At Heinrich's question, Konorint shrugged.

"Oh, you're late and don't realize it, but I've been in a frenzy today, with that cat, who just came in and ditched me."

"...... is it?"

"After Ellen came back, she just stuck to Ellen. I don't know if she knows what she's doing or not....... I'm glad Ellen seems to like it though."

Kono Lint looked at Ellen with a wistful look.

In Royal Class, everyone knows the stakes and the pressure Ellen is under.

Whereas elsewhere she was respected, admired, and expected, in Royal Class, Ellen was perceived as the unhappiest person in the world and someone who needed to be taken care of.

With a few exceptions.

Ellen continued to stroke the cat's back with a blank expression on her face, and the cat surrendered to the touch, looking at the garrison.

Cat.

It's a nuisance, but it doesn't have to be.

"I don't know if someone is secretly keeping a cat, or if someone had one and it escaped, but people love it, so maybe it's something."

"......, right?"

"Yeah, well, she seems to like it, so at this rate, she's going to be raising it, but does she have time for that?"

"Well, someone else will take care of that."

"......Yes."

Ellen has been looking extremely tired lately, but she's still focused on something. I don't know if it's comforting or not, but she's paying attention to something.

And that's it.

The sight of Ellen petting the cat was very foreign to Heinrich.

And Heinrich felt something was amiss.

The feeling that the cat is looking exactly at you.

Or should I say, stare.

It was a very bizarre feeling, like I was being looked at by an animal and somehow being read.

It occurred to me that it was looking at me exactly as I was looking at it.

"No way.

Heinrich smirked, thinking that the events of the day must have made him sensitive.

The performance continued, and Heinrich was intrigued by the cat's presence, but he didn't want to distract Ellen, who seemed to be concentrating on something else.

-Angel

When the cat meows low, Ellen nods idly and tickles the cat under the chin. Just as the cat seems to like her, Ellen seems to like the cat, though she can't quite tell.

Heinrich's idea was that anything that could revitalize this depressed garrison would be good.

It could be the music of Lanyon Sesor, or a kitten that appeared out of nowhere.

Kono Lindt thumps Heinrich on the shoulder.

"By the way, I got a letter today. I'm going to open it with the kids. What do you think?"

"Good."

At that, Heinrich nodded.

It was a quiet night, with low cat meows and the sounds of instruments and singing.





Episode 523.





A letter to the war chest.

At a time when supplying requires the magic of mass teleportation, letters are quite a luxury supply.

Nonetheless, letters arrive at regular intervals.

A letter to the troops asking them how their families are doing would be a huge morale booster, reminding them of the people they're supposed to be protecting.

Of course, with a large army, the number of letters asking for well wishes could be so high that it would disrupt the supply of other critical items.

Normally, yes.

Unfortunately, many soldiers have lost family members who need to be able to communicate with them.

Therefore, the number of letters arriving is small and, ironically, they are not very long, which is why the General Headquarters is able to deliver them only occasionally.

After Lanyon Sessor's performance, Heinrich headed to his barracks in Lindt.

The letters were already categorized by recipient.

In the barracks were Kono Lindt, Heinrich, Klippmann, and Erich de Lapaeri.

Cliffman was rifling through the letters with his usual cold expression.

"And Kaier?"

Erich shrugged at Lindt's question.

"You're probably hugging the crystal tower. I don't think he's coming. He said he was going to sleep there tonight."

A large-scale magic storage artifact called an Arc Crystal.

Despite Redina's daily berating, Caier is also responsible for the only thing he can do.

They're not doing what they should be doing, but they're not doing what they should be doing.

It's just that when the inevitable happens, you know that hating each other isn't the answer, but you can't help but hate.

The best duo, but they hate each other.

"Well, I'll pass this along."

Kono Lint held up a few letters from Kaier, then blinked once and disappeared.

-Whoosh!

Once again, there was no letter in Konorint's hand as he appeared out of thin air.

He traveled to the Arc Crystal and handed over the letter.

"Wow, you've grown up a lot."

Kono Lindt chuckles at Erich's comment.

"Yeah, I'm a little big. If you ask me."

Erich and Heinrich laughed at Konor Lindt's comment.

It's not the same as it used to be.

Long gone are the days of only being able to teleport naked. There is no longer a penalty to Kono Lint's ability.

"By the way, you're the most numerous again."

Lindt's words made Heinrich sit up.

The most letters are addressed to Heinrich.

It's a bit, well, weird.

Most of the letters in this room are not from family members.

Conor Lindsay, Erhido, and Cliffmando.

There's no such thing as a letter from home, because they've all been displaced by the Gate.

Not all of them saw their family members die, but at some point they had to accept that they were no longer in this world.

The sadness and anger about it is there, but it doesn't come out.

But the letter is there, in front of Erich, in front of Conor Lindt, and in front of Klippmann.

The most of them reached Heinrich.

Erich crosses his arms and laughs.

"The guy who saves the most lives among us gets the most letters, of course."

This was a letter from the people they saved.

"No, technically, I've saved a lot of people, too. It's hard to kill a monster, and there's no one like me in rescue operations."

Erich chuckled at Konor Lindt's comment.

"You know what, it's more shocking to see a horde of monsters burned to death right in front of you, and you're whizzing around, so people don't even know you've been rescued, so it's more like Heinrich, isn't it?"

Konorint sighs heavily and picks up a letter envelope.

"...... That's right, Chet."

In the Royal Class garrison, Heinrich is the most common recipient of letters.

Not Ellen.

Letters to Ellen are too many to begin with, and she doesn't even deliver them.

If Ellen gets it, she can't read it, and if she starts delivering it, it'll disrupt other supply shipments; the postal service has a sign warning that they can't deliver letters to Ellen.

So it was inevitable that Heinrich, the next most famous person after Ellen, would receive the most letters.



[Hi, Heinrich. I don't know if you remember me, but I'm Seria, and you saved my life in Aristotle about a year ago. I wrote to you last time, but I don't know if you got it].



To be honest, Heinrich doesn't remember the faces of the people he saved.

Because there were too many.

But when they mention the region, Heinrich's memory of what he did there, how many people died there, and how many people he saved is a blur.

The letter writers were children, adults, and soldiers who had once served with Heinrich.

Letters from soldiers who are no longer able to fight. Those who were mortally wounded and crippled because they were not treated in time.

They send a letter wishing Heinrich well.

Some people don't stop with one get-well letter; they write periodically.

Heinrich doesn't know their faces, but he remembers their names.

I can't afford to do that now, but when I was based in the ecliptic, I used to take the time to reply from time to time.

The letters vary in content, but in the end they all express gratitude for Heinrich and wish him well.

Heinrich tries to read every letter that comes his way.

When Heinrich has seen so many deaths that he sometimes despairs, wondering what the point of it all is, these letters remind him that what he has been doing has never been for nothing.

So just as they find hope in Heinrich, he finds hope in these letters.

That I can live with it somehow.

That I can survive somehow.

So Heinrich reads the letter with a pensive expression.

Kono Lint and Erich read all the letters that arrived.

Erich was also a bit of an athlete at the start of his program, but he didn't really hold his own.

But talent.

It's the talented few who get into the royal class.

Talent is rare.

In addition to the growth amplifier of Moonshine, Erich had to gain a ton of hands-on experience.

As a result, Erhi de Lapaeri has gained a level of combat prowess and divine power comparable to that of a high-ranking paladin in the Crusader Knights.

They're hand-picked from every continent.

It's only natural that such talent would grow so quickly. It's inevitable, even inevitable, that someone will achieve a level of mastery in a short period of time that would take decades of bone-crunching work.

Even within the Royal Class, Erhi's rate of progression to High Paladin in just a few years is rather moderate.

Comparing Ellen and Reinhardt to anyone else is a bit of a stretch. They are in a different league than anyone else.

One is a warrior, the other a demon.

Aside from those two, there are a few others who are growing too fast, even within the royal class.

A good example of this would be someone like Klippmann, who received more letters than Heinrich in this position, or Ludwig, number B-11.

They had awakened to the power of magic on their own before the events of the Gate. With Moonshine's assistance, they're already on the cusp of mastery.

The two of them had such a refined ability to manipulate power and magic that they could probably reach a master class before the year was out.

In some cases, like Delphine Isadra, who awakened a new power, Elementalism.

Scarlett, for example, was considered a top-tier power, if not as good as Ludwig and Klippmann.

Cliffman read the letters with a stoic expression, crumpling them up and stuffing them into his pocket.

"I'll be there."

As Klippmann turns to leave the barracks, Lint speaks to him behind his back.

"Hey, but how long are you going to operate alone? You used to be able to do that, but now you're moving with an army. There are limits to solo action."

"......."

At Lindt's call, Klippmann stood in place and fell silent.

After a moment, Klippmann says briefly.

"I'm better off alone."

"No matter how confident you are, you're going to get yourself killed."

"Well......."

Cliffman mumbles to himself.

"It's always worked out somehow, so it will always work out somehow."

With those strange words, Klippmann left the barracks. Konorint smiled bitterly as he watched Klippmann leave the barracks.

"I'm afraid I'm going to die in a really bad place with that......."

"Leave her alone. I think she's got a superpower."

Erich sighed heavily at Konor Lindt's words.

"I think so, but I don't know if it's possible......."

Cliffman in Combat Talent.

The purpose of talent is to win.

Winning somehow is a function of the Combat talent.

"If you're like me, and you've had a few experiences where everyone in your unit dies and you're the only one who comes back alive, it's scary to lead a unit."

"That's right, but......."

Combat is always variable.

You may encounter unexpected circumstances, too many enemies, or too many unreasonable enemies.

During the long, long years of dealing with the gate crisis, there were countless units that were decimated because they couldn't handle the variables.

He killed a lot of monsters and saved a lot of people during the Clifford's Gate crisis.

And I found myself in a lot of unexpected situations.

There have been operations where I've been with, and sometimes led, units that have been wiped out, and even master classes.

There were times when I faced enemies that were moderately powerful, and other times when I faced enemies that were too powerful.

Cliffman has come close to death many times.

But each time, Cliffman somehow survived.

In the midst of the murder and slaughter of men far stronger than he, Cliffman crushed, tore, and crushed the creatures and survived alone.

Opinion is divided on who killed the most monsters.

Maybe it's Ellen, maybe it's Saviolin Tana, maybe it's Rhydyne.

But when asked who performed the most miracles, the answer was always Clifford, not Ellen.

Ellen and Clifford, it seems, always win.

But the process is different.

Ellen was always stronger than her enemies.

Their attacks could not penetrate Ellen, and her Voidblade always tore through the monsters' flesh with ease.

But Cliffman is different.

Cliffman often faced enemies who were stronger than he was, and who were out of his league.

Still, we won.

I always came back with a victory in my hand.

However, I've had several experiences where my coworkers didn't come back.

So at some point, Klippmann began to move on his own.

If it is your talent to win at all costs, and if that talent only protects your life.

You don't have to take someone with you.

If combat is a talent of some supernatural power beyond what you're already gifted with, throw yourself into a random battlefield where you always win somehow.

We're going to win somehow.

So you don't need a coworker.

That was Kliffman's argument.

Of course, I wouldn't trust the Imperial Household or the High Command with such supernatural powers and just throw Cliffman out there in the middle of nowhere. It would be like investing certain power in an uncertain force and leaving it to die.

As such, Cliffman travels alone.

It's one thing to always do what you can do with competencies, but it's another to somehow do what you can't do with competencies.

On a battlefield where even the mightiest among us are dying, Cliffman somehow manages to make it out alive.

While everyone in the Royal Class is unusual, everyone agrees that Klippmann is a particularly unusual talent.

Of course, that depression and despair, that feeling of carrying death on your shoulders, was clearly felt by everyone watching Cliffman.

Klippmann returns to his barracks, and Heinrich reads the letters left for him.

Everyone had already read all the letters that had come my way, so Kono Lint and Erich talked to each other.

"What should we name the baby?"

"......What the hell?"

"No, there's this girl who writes to me every month or so. She obviously likes me. I can't remember her face, but I think she's a girl."

"......What the hell do you want me to say?"

"Why don't I ask to see you after the war, and you'll meet me if I reply?"

"You should meet him....... Why don't you ever change?"

"It is said that if a man becomes imprudent, he dies."

Kono Lint still has its quirks.

Heinrich can hear the conversation even as he reads the letter, and he chuckles.

It's probably a good thing in a situation like this that the old, immature me remains.

Suddenly, Heinrich sees that only one last letter remains.

It was a strange letter.

Most of the time, the letters had the sender's name on them. And most of them had names Heinrich couldn't remember.

The addressee is Heinrich von Schwarz.

But the sender.



[From a friend].



It said friends.

Heinrich has no friends outside of this garrison.

Shaking his head, Heinrich tore open the envelope.

You feel like it's from someone who claims to be your friend.

But when Heinrich saw it, his eyes widened.

It's not a thank you for saving my life.

It's not about what kind of friend you are.



[Your brothers will kill you].



In the letter, there was just that one line.





Episode 524.





Heinrich was silent in the face of a short letter from his brothers saying they would kill him.

Wondering if it was the wrong letter, Heinrich checked the envelope again.

From a friend, to Heinrich von Schwarz.

So it couldn't have been a misdirected letter.

"What is it, what's that look on your face?"

Konorint asked, seeing Heinrich's expression harden.

Let's talk.

I got a strange letter.

But Heinrich folded the letter and tucked it into his arms.

"Uh, no. No big deal."

"...... is it?"

If this letter is a malicious prank by someone, there's nothing to say.

If the letter is truly meant to alert you to a crisis, then there's no point in sharing it because you'll be in danger just by knowing about it.

"I'm going to go now. I need to get some rest."

Heinrich gathered up the letters with a sinking feeling in his stomach.

Heinrich walked back through the garrison to his barracks with a stern look on his face.

After organizing the letters, Heinrich closes the entrance to the barracks and sits down in a chair to stare at a letter from an unknown person.

It's not a misdirected letter.

And there's no such thing as a friend who will write you a letter like this.

Anyone can write to Heinrich, so it's not impossible that this is just a prank.

It's a simple sentence that says your brothers are going to kill you, without any real content.

I can't believe this.

Trust is foolish.

But.

"When this is all over, will you return to Cernstadt?

If brothers start to see themselves as competitors instead of brothers.

Seriously, is it impossible for that to happen?

We could dismiss it as a bad joke, and I think we should.

But it was bringing up a possibility that Heinrich hadn't considered.

There's no naïve belief that the siblings are just letting the talented youngest back into the family fold.

But Heinrich understood that, at best, the brothers were trying to use me. They wanted to use me to strengthen their own influence, and with it, their hold on the High Command.

That's how I was taking it.

But then you take it a step further and kill yourself.

"That doesn't even make sense......."

This can't happen.

This can't happen.

No matter how strong his position in this war becomes, Heinrich does not see himself as Cernstadt's successor, nor does he intend to.

The current heir to the throne, Louise von Schwarz, is also a powerhouse in the ranks of the Swordmasters, and she continues to make her mark. So there's no shortage of accomplishments.

Heinrich, Ruiz, they're all just taking credit.

They're even at war right now.

This very important war is not yet over, and even if your brothers were actually willing to kill you, they would not attempt it.

Whatever the case, if the contents of this letter are true, it was after the war.

It should be.

What a ridiculous, dangerous, and foolish thing to do, to kill one of your own, one of the greatest forces in the Alliance, at this moment, just because he's a threat to the throne.

I don't know politics, I don't know my brothers, but if you think about it in a normal, rational way, this should never have happened.

Before it's all over, before you've even gotten past the brink.

You don't want to make stupid choices for the next crisis after that one.

But. there's also unnecessary politics and favoritism going on here.

People are stupid, Heinrich knows.

Even within this army of men with a cause, Heinrich saw and experienced the foolishness of those who still looked too far ahead or too far behind.

But.

Still, if the sibling.

The brothers call themselves.

You don't want to kill it.

Shouldn't that be the case?

"Yeah, that can't be right......."

Heinrich burned the letter in his hand, destroying it as a useless distraction.

Heinrich stared at the scattered remains of the letter as it turned to black ash.



* * *



It was time for everyone to go to bed, and it was time for Ellen to go to bed as well, since she didn't have any night ops commitments.

For some reason, he kept a cat that liked him for a while, and eventually brought him to the barracks.

I was originally going to put it back in the restaurant where it belonged.

'He's a kitten, don't you think you should stay with him? She's been abandoned.......'

Adelia's words made Ellen think for a while, and she finally brought a cat to the barracks.

The cat seemed to struggle for some reason, and eventually, unable to get out of Ellen's arms, it somehow managed to drag itself into Ellen's barracks.

Somehow, my foggy consciousness and mind seemed to calm down a bit.

As he released the ceremonial armor he was wearing, the cat watched as the armor returned to its rack.

It's strange, and I wonder if I'm in this place because of an encounter with a strange little beast.

Ellen found it bizarre that her hazy consciousness could be restored by just one cat.

I feel like I've fallen under some kind of magic.

That's it, Ellen is going to wash up.

Ellen stares at the cat.

We don't know where or how it came from.

It wasn't particularly dirty, but I'm sure it was rolling around in the dirt of the garrison.

Although she'd never owned an animal before, Ellen thought she should wash the kitten. Dirt wouldn't be good for the kittens.

Ellen picked up the cat, which was sitting still on the barracks carpet.

-Angel

Cradling the small crying cat in her arms, Ellen made her way to the barracks' bathroom area.

And I wonder if he realized where he was being pulled.

-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"......?"

-Cat!

The cat began to squirm in Ellen's arms, as if sensing its fate.

"I need to wash."

-Ahoy!

"......."

When they entered the bathroom, the cat squirmed, as if to say "no," and then slipped out of Ellen's arms.

Ellen watches as the cat drops to the floor and scurries away.

I can't even hide properly, so I'm shivering with my head stuck in the corner of the tent.

I don't think it's fair to force them to wash when they don't want to.

Ellen didn't want to bother the little creature.

"......."

If you think about it, cats don't like water.

Ellen unbuttoned her shirt, thinking the myth must be true.



* * *



After washing up in the bathroom, Ellen wondered what was so scary, so she scooped up the kitten with its head in the corner and sat it on her lap.

While I popped his head with a towel, the cat sat still and purred.

I wonder if it's cold.

You said you felt like you were sick.

If you look closely, you'll notice that it seems stiff, like it's a little broken.

Unlike the image of a sleek cat, this one looks a bit creepy.

As she dried her hair, the cat slowly got up, slid off Ellen's lap, and began to cry at the entrance to the tent.

-Angel

"......?"

It's like asking someone to open a door for you.

Ellen's tent has a different lock than the others.

This means that these small animals, as well as humans, can't just walk in and out.

"Are you going to......?"

I thought it was a little weird to talk to an animal, but that's what Ellen asked.

A kitten abandoned by its mother, or so Ellen had been told.

So, with nowhere else to go, I wonder where it's going at night, or if it knows how to get back to its mother.

Unable to tell what he was thinking, Ellen could only stare at the cat.

The black cat stares at himself, too.

One is speechless, the other is mute.

I don't know how long we stared at each other in silence.

As if giving up, the black cat walked back toward Ellen from the entrance of the teepee and tried to leap onto Ellen's cot.

-Puck!

-Ang!

"!"

He wasn't used to jumping, though, and landed headfirst on the corner of Ellen's cot, which wasn't very high.

"Are you okay......?"

Ellen gently picked up the black cat, who was sprawled out on the barracks carpet, and placed it on the cot.

A cat that can't jump.

-Burr

The cat sits still next to Ellen and purrs.

It was almost as if he was embarrassed, and Ellen couldn't help but smile.

Then, Ellen was surprised to find herself laughing.

This is the only thing that makes me laugh.

I'm not done laughing yet.

Ellen finished drying her hair with a towel and tickled the nape of the cat's neck, which was still trembling in shame.



* * *



The cat seemed to have given up trying to get somewhere and decided to stay in Ellen's barracks.

Now that the job is done, all Ellen needs to do is rest.

It's also important to rest properly. No matter how strong Ellen is, the battlefield takes its toll in an instant. If you don't sleep or rest properly, it will affect you the next day.

The fatigue and flashes of consciousness I've been feeling lately are qualitatively different from that.

It certainly doesn't make you less combat capable.

Even as your consciousness fades, even as your vision blurs, your sword knows the way to go, and your body moves on its own, swinging in the optimal path toward the enemies you need to tear apart.

It's a strange sense of deprivation, as if another being is taking over your body as your own consciousness fades.

As such, Ellen felt as if her body had been taken over by someone else and that someone else was wielding her body instead.

So even when I felt like I was suffocating under the weight of fatigue and pressure, I was in a strange state of mind where my combat power was actually increasing, not decreasing.

Turning off the light and lying on her cot, Ellen stares at the black cat curled up in front of her face.

The black cat's golden eyes, and the pupils within them, dilated in the darkness, stared back at him.

It was a very close call.

If they were human, they'd be close enough to see their reflection in each other's eyes.

Ellen has never owned an animal.

Even in my hometown of Rizaira, there were a few families with dogs, but no cats.

In Lizaira, animal was usually a word for hunting.

I never thought about growing it, of course.

It's not that I haven't seen cats before, but I've never seen them this close before.

But today, Ellen reached out to a cat she'd never seen before, a cat that shouldn't be in a place like this.

The cat licked his fingers as if he knew something.

That unfamiliar sensation.

But the sensation felt strangely familiar, like a reminder of something Ellen was losing.

Before he knew it, he had brought this strange cat into his tent, and now he was staring at it from his bedside.

The cat continues to stare at itself in the dark.

Golden eyes.

Those eerily familiar eyes.

For some reason, Ellen felt like the little animal understood her.

Ellen laughed at herself for thinking that.

"I can see why some people have animals....... I think I understand."

-.......

Despite not being able to speak, it's not nurturing.

They grow because they can't speak.

You can project any emotion you want and arbitrarily assume you're understood.

You don't know anything, but you think you know everything.

In that moment of feeling understood in the cat's eyes, Ellen realized it was a reflection of her own need to be understood.

The black cat gently nuzzled his head against Ellen's face.

I think it's just an illusion of understanding, as if I really do understand.

Ellen placed her hand on the cat's back and stroked its head gently.

It was amazing that such a small being could hold onto my fading consciousness.

I felt a little less tired, overwhelmed, and hopeless.

So something was definitely happening now. Of course, due to the effects of fatigue, Ellen's consciousness was sinking deeper and deeper into sleep.

I somehow managed to stay awake today with the help of that little being, but I wonder how far this can go.

The little guy will only get a little help.

It's bound to go away at some point.

"I don't want to disappear....... I don't......."

Ellen grows increasingly drowsy and looks at the cat through glassy eyes.

In a blur of consciousness.

Somehow, Ellen thought she saw a tear in the corner of the little cat's eye.

The cat could cry.

Ellen felt funny thinking about it.

Since when are tears only for humans?

Because humans can cry, and humans are animals after all.

Tears are not of men, but of beasts.

Then, of course, cats can cry.

However, Ellen didn't know why the cat was crying.

A person should be crying, but a cat is crying.

"Don't cry......ma......."

In her fading consciousness, Ellen gently wiped the tears from the kitten's eyes.





* * *



As far as sleeping goes, Ellen tends to sleep a lot.

Back in the good old days, Ellen was the kid who always woke up late, whether she went to bed early or late.

I didn't have a mother, father, brother, or sister to blame for sleeping in.

The boy who woke up late became the girl who woke up late.

But when Ellen went to the temple, she realized that she was used to rules.

I was able to wake up much earlier than my standard bedtime and do my morning workout.

It wasn't until I was older that I realized that I could sleep less whenever I needed to, and that I could sleep less if I had to.

At Temple, I cut back on sleep voluntarily, and now that I'm in the military, I cut back on sleep out of necessity.

And it's not just Ellen. It seems like everyone needs to start their day early.

The days are getting shorter, so Ellen wakes up in the early hours of the morning with the sky still dark and has to get to the command center for Operation Hadal.

After making the proper preparations, Ellen donned her inner armor.

-Bang, bang, bang, bang!

When she activates the armor holder, Ellen's usual ceremonial armor clings to her body and the seams of the armor weave themselves together.

He wears the Moon God's sword at his waist and the Sun God's cloak over his shoulders.

Although there are no major missions for the time being, Ellen is assigned to the vanguard, a fixed task that requires her to constantly check the safety of the garrison's marching routes and slay any monsters that appear.

You're assigned to a unit by your command center, receive operational orders, and head out into the field.

Because camping is so dangerous, we usually try to wrap up missions in the same day, but sometimes it takes a few days.

-Angel

"That must have been loud......."

Woken by the sound of the armor being put on, Ellen watched as the black cat yawned on the bed, rubbing its eyes.

The black cat stared at Ellen, wide-eyed and fully armed.

Wearing colorful plates all over her body, Ellen squatted in front of the still-sleeping cat.

He gently tickled the cat's nape with his index finger.

"...... offended."

Ellen cautiously bit her hand, wondering if the metallic feel of the gauntlet around her hand would be harmful to the cat.

"I have to go."

It's only been a day, and Ellen has gotten used to talking to her cat.

As if he understood, the cat hopped off the bed and settled down next to Ellen.

-Puck!

"......."

-.......

Just as I wasn't used to jumping, I wasn't used to landing, and I couldn't even get off that little bed properly, so I spun around and landed on my stomach.

How clumsy.

Still, the cat got up and cried at the entrance to the tent.

Do they really understand what they're saying?

Ellen had such strange thoughts.

When I unlocked it and opened the tent, there was already a bustle of early risers.

Ellen isn't the only early riser.

The black cat that exited the tent with them also cries at Ellen's side.

-Angel

Just as Ellen was trying to go somewhere, the cat seemed to be trying to go somewhere.

In the same way that a cat can have the illusion that it understands you, Ellen somehow felt like she knew what the cat was trying to do.

It was the strangest feeling I've ever had in my life.

Were cats originally free animals?

Ellen doesn't know much about this.

But just like you're trying to get somewhere, the cat seems to be trying to get somewhere. Even though it doesn't seem to be able to run properly.

Whatever it is, you can't force it. There's no such thing as yourself.

Ellen looks down at the cat looking up at her, and Nazik says.

"Wow, again."

-Angel

With a meow that seems to be an answer, the cat begins to walk cautiously away.

You say you're going, but the cat gets there first.

I told him to come back, but will he really come back?

That's an unknown.

Sleeping with a strange cat isn't a bad thing, even if it's a one-night-only oddity in your life. It was quite an experience.

But if the black cat comes around again, that's not a bad thing either.

With that thought, Ellen walked down the street.





Episode 525.





Late afternoon. Scheduled appointment location.

"......?"

From a hidden spot on the outskirts of the garrison, Herriot could see a black cat approaching in the distance.

"......cat?"

She froze as she watched the cat grow larger and larger as it approached, soon taking the shape of a familiar human.

"Reinhardt?"

"......."

Reinhardt was shaken by what had happened in just one day.

"What, you can turn into a cat, and since when?"

Herriot panics when a cat appears out of nowhere and turns into Reinhardt.

"For now....... Let's go back to Edina. I'll go tell her."

Reinhardt, his mouth tightly closed, had a lot of things he couldn't say.



* * *



The royal castle of Razak, capital of Edina.

"......Ah, you couldn't get into the Royal Class Garrison in human form, so you turned into a cat?"

"Yeah, and Sarkegar threw me out there?"

He spent hours trying to teach me this and that, and then when he realized I had no clue, he dumped me in the garrison and ran off!

He told me that if I went to Moro, I'd only have to go to Seoul, and that it would work out because it was cute.

I thought I'd be able to get it out on my own!

Sarkegar....... I thought you were a loyalist.

Did I have anything stacked against me?

Isn't it weird that there's nothing stacked?

Considering the long, long history of pooh-poohing, it's kind of weird not to feel guilty, right?

Isn't it a good thing we've been so forgiving?

"Whoa, my original plan was to turn into a cat and then hide here and there to eavesdrop on the conversation, and if I got caught, I figured I'd just be cute and get away with it......."

"So it's the other way around?"

"......, so to speak."

"......."

Eventually, the aggro of the entire royal class gravitated toward me, and I even spent a night in Ellen's tent afterward.

I like how this turned out.

Along the way, there were too many memories I didn't want to relive.

"Konorint that son of a bitch is......."

"Konorint? What's wrong with him?"

"......No, it's not."

"What, what happened?"

I don't even want to think about it!

"Is he the kind of kid who bullies animals?"

"No, that's not right......."

"Then why are you upset?"

Well, that was a nice touch.

I know you were trying to get me a little something!

If it weren't for her, I'd be Lily!

"No. I really don't want to talk about it......."

"...... Something must have happened."

We've had a lot of surprises along the way, but I can't help but feel that we've done well.

I wasn't spying on them, but I was getting a front row seat to the royal class, one by one.

I even got the closest look at Ellen, which is what I wanted to see the most.

I also checked in with Adriana to see how she was doing.

Ellen is a demigod.

I don't know if that was an influence or not, but Ellen was definitely holding up better than I was.

Maybe there's a difference between the spirits trying to kill me, but no reason to try to kill Ellen.

I don't know how long that will last, but it's clear that Ellen is handling it better than I am.

But maybe we should be more afraid that even Ellen, a half-god, is being eaten by it.

Sarkegar would stay at the garrison to synthesize the information, and I would be the only one back.

"The other units, by the way?"

"I guess they're still in the game, because we ended it too early."

"Sure."

Our mission was quickly cut short when Riana summoned a blizzard, turning the area into a sea of deathly snow.

The other units, led by the Lord Vampires, are still operating.

When the Allied advance resumes, we begin our work once again.

I also checked the status of the garrison.

"And Heinrich?"

And something that's important enough that it's kind of Ellen's job right now.

"I did send a letter through Sarkeghar, but it's not in......."

We've been warned, but the jury is still out on what will happen next.



* * *



We know that letters are delivered all over the garrison, including the Royal Class garrison. So it's a no-brainer to slip a letter through Sarkegar.

However, I don't think it's a complete solution to the problem.

"Can a letter be....... in one letter?"

Herriot looked at me nervously.

"We could talk about it in person....... obviously."

"Yeah, so maybe we should talk about it a little more?"

I couldn't agree more with Herriot.

In fact, as much as I hate to think about it, that's exactly how Harriet talked to Ellen.

"Information is only as good as its source."

"......."

"What guarantee do I have that Heinrich will take my word for it? He might think it's a ruse to distract the Allies."

Very few people know the truth about Gate. So there are very few people who will believe me, and Heinrich is not one of them.

Any contact with Bertus is dangerous to him, not me, and I can't have any more contact with Ellen.

At best, you'll eventually come face to face with it, as I did this time, in cat form.

That's a pain in the ass, too.

I told him to come back, by the way.

I never intended for this to happen, but it's good for Ellen to visit her regularly. What's the point of visiting Ellen as a cat?

I wouldn't say it's nonexistent, but I also don't think it means much.

Things got weird, and I started to wonder if Ellen would be sad if I didn't visit her.

Sarkegar, you were so irresponsible.

When you get back, the real.......

Real.......

I'm guilty of so many sins, I can't blame you.

It's now impossible to say anything to Sarkegar, who has been the most pampered of all.

In fact, in the end, I was more successful at gathering information than I needed to be.

Anyway.

Talking to someone in the Alliance in the name of Darklands should be avoided at all costs.

"I'm sure there's a lot of people I lived with at the Temple who would kill for a snowball's chance in hell, and that includes you, Olivia, and Riana."

I can forgive my cat, but I can't forgive myself. That's just the way it is.

It's not just that this happened to me.

Most students lost their homes and families.

Unless you're from the ecliptic, it's happened to quite a few people.

So I would be an ironclad support for them.

And there I was in the cafeteria in my kitten form, eavesdropping on conversations between students.

Of course, most of them were talking about cats, but I also heard stories from beyond.

Hate for me.

There was also a fairly large segment of the population that had been swallowed up by it and didn't care about kittens at all.

For example, Ludwig.

I could feel that something had changed drastically since Ashur's death.

We don't know what's going on in Cliffman's mind, but we do know that the formerly shy and reserved Cliffman is now less talkative in a different way.

When the topic of demons came up, the mood was subdued.

The arrival of the kittens seemed to lighten the mood.

It's one thing to hear it and quite another to see it.

I saw it with a cat's eye and felt the atmosphere of royal class firsthand.

There are a lot of people who will never forgive me.

Does knowing the details make a difference?

What if people realized that Ellen and Charlotte and Bertus and Gradias were also responsible?

They will hate Ellen with me, and the Empire with them.

We've seen that it's just the beginning of an era of hate that won't end until everything is destroyed.

Heinrich didn't lose his family, but he's in the midst of them.

So if I or my people go and tell you that truth, you're not going to believe it, you're going to doubt it.

So, I'd rather be anonymous.

I don't want Heinrich to know that I'm the source of the information, because that might make him not believe me.

If they know the truth about the gate situation, that's a bigger problem.

You'll learn that I, and the Imperial Family, were responsible for the Gate debacle in the first place, and that we've been hiding it all this time.

It's better not to know the truth.

The mere knowledge of it is bound to divide the alliance.

"But....... How do you know that's going to happen?"

I stare out the window at Harriet's question.

Know the future.

But that means nothing now. Because now I don't know the future.

Except for "that future" that you see in the preview.

"Because sometimes things that happen between people are just too obvious."

The people are the same, the power dynamics are the same, and they start to change.

Then the events in the change that were supposed to happen will continue to happen.

Herriot seemed to think I was being a little disingenuous.

Heinrich von Schwarz is an abandoned prince.

As a child, he accidentally killed his brothers while awakening to his powers.

That's why they were kicked out of the temple.

So in the early days of the Temple, I didn't really fear any repercussions for beating Heinrich. I knew that the Cernstadt royal family had no interest in Heinrich.

"Still, I can't predict everything....... It's also not my area of expertise......."

I did that because I know the people and events I created, not because I know the complex dynamics of politics.

So, what happens after that should be handled by a professional.

And as always, there's a good chance there's something else I'm not aware of.

This doesn't mean there aren't hidden things going on.

Charlotte would be able to tell me what more I need to do here, what more I need to know.

"But you know what......."

"Huh?"

But then Harriet turns and looks at me.

"I want to see it too."

"What? What did you see?"

"I just didn't see it right."

a.

I think I know what you're talking about.

"No....... Why would anyone want to see that?"

"It's just interesting, huh? No?"

Herriot came running up to me in a frenzy of excitement.

No, I mean, what's with the cat?

Actually, I don't like cats that much.

There's nothing to love about a cat that used to make weird noises all over the neighborhood when she was in heat. I've never owned one.

I chose it because it's easier to hide than a dog, and I don't think I'll ever need a leash. And because cubs are kind of cute.

And actually, when the whole Royal Class garrison came to see me, I was like, "What's so great about this, they're all lighting up!

I think it's cute.

This much for something so cute, even in the middle of a barren, bloody war zone?

That was it.

Even I didn't expect Ellen to be so interested!

I don't want to turn into a cat!

I still don't know how to operate it, so I'm not sure what to do either!

I can walk and run now, but I don't know how to do much more than that.

"Mmmm, do it, do it, do it, do it. Hmm?"

This.

Won't she cry if I don't?

No, but what does it want to see so badly?

It's been so long since I've seen Herriot this excited, it's almost embarrassing.

"......No."

It's not much different on the other side, but when Harriet does this, I can't say no.

"How did this happen......."

In the end, I lost.

I can't look away from Herriot's sparkling eyes.

I used Sarkegar's ring again.

After some time, Herriot looks down at me, who has turned into a small black cat.

Uh.

By the way.

As it gets smaller, the.

If the angle is less than that.

"It's ......, it's you!"

Herriot hastily covered the hem of her skirt.

-Hello!

No!

You're the one who asked me to change!

This is the second time I've done this, and I don't know what to expect!

Harriet pulls back, her face gaping, and looks at me on her knees.

"Ooh, wow......."

Herriot came to me on his knees, and with a sweep, he scooped me up like a cat.

-Hello!

"Awww, ears, how cute!"

Harriet hugs me fiercely.

It's reaction rich.

"I love you!"

-Cat!

Break your back!



* * *



Edina's scribe, Herriot de Saint-Ouen, suddenly started wandering around the castle with a cat in his arms.

"Mr. Scribe, do you have a cat?"

"Yes! Isn't that cute?"

"Oh, yeah....... Your ears, they're cute......."

Herriot held up a scowling black cat to the vassals and purred, "Isn't that cute?

Holding the cat in her arms, which somehow felt forced, she showed it off everywhere.

Everyone was quite pleased to see the scribe, who had always been so grown-up and serious, laughing around like a kid his age.

Many people fear the devil, but the scribe was certainly making a good impression on everyone.

When you're out and about like that, you're bound to run into people.

"......What is it, a cat or you?"

Olivia Ranze was no exception, as she traveled to the palace to speak with the regent.

"Cute, right?"

"......What's with the cute cat face, and I don't like cats, they're cheap, on the subject of animals."

"......."

Olivia's words brought a smile of conversion to Herriot's face. Olivia narrowed her eyes at the questioning smile on Herriot's face.

"Ha, I see you're trying to makeover with a cat. You're disqualified because you've been sleeping with Reinhardt for half a year and haven't slept with him."

"Hmph, hmph....... Really?"

Olivia's expression froze under Herriot's caustic gaze.

Because a dreaded speculation came to mind.

"What? You can't be......?"

"Hmm, I don't know about that, we'll see."

Herriot scooped up the cat with a flourish and kissed the black feline.

-Hello!

"Cute, right?"

"......what's up, what's up."

Then, Olivia looked.

The cat suddenly transforms into a human form in an instant in Harriet's hands.

"Hey! What are you doing!"

Reinhardt, his face gaping, covered his mouth and grunted.

"????"

"What, I said I was going to kiss my cat!"

"Why am I your cat!"

"What, what, what....... What the hell? What the hell is this?! What's going on?"

Olivia watched, frozen, as the cat-turned-human threw a fit.

"This....... you damn kid!"

Olivia squealed, and Harriet giggled as Wang Sung walked away.

"Me too! I love puppies!"

"What are you talking about, both of you!"

This time, Olivia's request to turn into a puppy wasn't a plea.

Reinhard tried to embarrass Olivia by transforming into a dog the size of a wolf, but Olivia thought the bigger the better.





Episode 526.





The city of Razak was in an uproar over a brawl between an unruly scribe and the head of the Holy Order.

-Puppy!

-Is it a cat?

-Dog! Dog! I love dogs!

-A cat? You really don't know what you're talking about.

Naturally, with nothing better to do before her next deployment, the brainiac Liana de Granz, who was waiting in the wings, couldn't help but notice the bickering.

Cat or dog.

What a bunch of nonsense in a place like this.

-No! I'm not going to do anything, what are you two fighting about?!

Between the two of them, who looked like they were about to punch each other in the face, was Reinhardt, his face pale.

You say you're going to scout out the Allied garrison, but you're back.

"......What are you guys doing?"

Riana asked Olivia and Harriet, whose faces were spread wide as she approached.

"Riana! What do you think?"

"What do you think?"

Riana shook her head at Herriot's question.

It was Olivia who answered.

"Ha, it's the same for him. Of course it's a dog. Dogs are better. I'm sure he'll agree."

"It's a cat!"

Herriot exclaimed with a grunt.

Olivia and Harriet began to glare at Riana.

Reinhardt turned away from the situation for some reason, as if he didn't want to hear it.

Dog or cat.

Riana's deliberations were short-lived.

"At least it's dog food, right?"

"!"

"Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh!"

Olivia's mouth dropped open at the short answer, and Harriet was stunned.

Reinhardt, too, had been turning a blind eye to the situation, and his face had turned a deep shade of blue. Riana shrugged at the reaction.

"I thought we were talking about what would be edible in a food shortage?"

"Bitch......."

"Lee, Riana......."

"......Don't take your antidepressants. You're getting weirder and weirder."

Riana started giggling at the three's shocked reactions.

"Just kidding, of course."

Riana was getting tired of it.



* * *



"You were transformed into a cat?"

"......Yes."

After hearing the details, Riana crossed her arms and thought for a moment.

Reinhardt as a baby black cat.

I returned from the Royal Class Garrison with a bunch of cuteness.

"It's coming up a bit."

As if she were about to throw up, Riana made a gagging motion.

"Did you do it because you wanted to!"

"Then who forced you to do it?"

"Well, that's....... That's not it! That's not it! Uh, originally! The original plan was....... Forget it. What's the point of explaining?"

"So Olivia was arguing that dogs are better, and Harriet was arguing that cats are better?"

"Yeah. A cat, of course."

"You're like this because you like ugly things that have no loyalty. You follow animals that have no character."

"Oh....... So you're saying you're a bitch....... Is that it?"

Olivia's face turned bright red as Harriet laughed, covering her mouth.

"What?! Fucking....... Did you finish your sentence?"

"I thought you said you were!"

"Stop it, both of you, stop it, it's my fault I turned into an animal!"

Reinhardt's face grew wide, as if he couldn't look at the two dregs with his eyes, and he exclaimed.

"Huh!"

"Chet!"

They both turned away as if they didn't even want to look at each other.

"It's a dog or a cat......."

Riana crossed her arms in thought and began to ponder.

"Actually, dogs and cats are too common."

"......I chose it because it's common."

"I want to grow reptiles."

"......?"

"How about a snake? I'm either a snake or a lizard."

"What can I do?"

"No, you said cats can do it, dogs can do it, why not snakes?"

"So why would I!"

Reinhardt said no way, and he didn't listen.

"Ha, you're never going to change from pretending you're not and not getting any cuddles, you sneaky little bastard."

"It's not like that!"

In the end, Reinhardt exploded.



* * *



Charlotte didn't get to visit until late at night because she'd been pestered by Riana, Harriet, and Olivia all day.

The dog vs. cat debate is a time-honored one, but Riana has been asking for something outlandish: she wants to see me turned into a reptile.

Of course, Riana hasn't done any transformations since she showed up.

If you show them enough, they'll get used to it.

But.......

Honestly.

"Wow, again.

I feel like I should turn into a cat and go to the Allied garrison.

I'm not sure, but it seemed like the cat was acting as a sort of neuroleptic for Ellen.

And then you feel bad about showing it to Ellen, so you show it to everyone else, and then you spend more time walking around in your animal form than your human form?

What is this?

I wasn't looking for royalty or anything, but a pet demon that can transform into any animal?

Terrible.

I've dug my own grave again.

Eventually, as the sun was setting, I was able to find Charlotte.

Charlotte, in charge of ruling Edina, has been busy.

I was stuck in my office until the middle of the night.

"Ah, Reinhardt. I heard you were back."

Charlotte, dressed in a black dress, stood up and smoothed her hair as I knocked on her office door.

It's technically a hierarchy, but there's something about acting too much like a hierarchy....... What can I say.......

That's a bit of a stretch.

By the way, didn't he hear about my beastly transformation?

"Are you busy?"

At my words, Charlotte shook her head.

"Not really, I'm done for the day, and I need to think about something."

I'm glad you didn't hear that.

Even Charlotte asked me to show it to her, and I couldn't bring myself to do it.

Charlotte stares at me, as if to say, "We're done here, if you need anything, just ask.

Black hair and evil eyes.

Honestly.

I think it's the devil's image.......

It's not as cute and cuddly as it used to be.

I feel like a queen now, not a maiden.

Now that I've gotten used to it, I don't think this is a bad look for Charlotte.

Something like that.

Weirdly.......

That.......

Well.

"I need to talk to you about something."

"Consultation?"

At that, Charlotte shakes her head. As if there's something you need to talk to me about.

And.

-Crackle

That sound came from Charlotte's stomach, not mine.

You've done your work, but you haven't eaten.

"......You gotta eat and work."

"Well, yeah......."

Blushing, Charlotte shook her head in disbelief.

"It's not exactly a secret, so let's get some food and talk about it."

"That, uh....... Yeah."

Charlotte followed me silently.



* * *



Edna is not a very colorful or vast place to begin with.

The structure itself is a castle, not a palace. It doesn't have a large ballroom, a court orchestra, or galleries.

Compared to an imperial palace, Edina Castle is a thatched cottage.

"Are you uncomfortable living in a place like this, or did I ask too late?"

I asked Charlotte, who was walking alongside me, and he shook his head in dismay.

"No, no, really. I really don't care. You know I don't care about this......."

I couldn't help but watch Charlotte's expression die as I spoke.

Since being kidnapped by the Demon King, Charlotte hasn't had much to eat or sleep on.

Charlotte is silent, as if we have unknowingly and unwittingly crossed each other's thresholds.

After my identity was discovered, I never really got to talk to Charlotte.

Why I had to do it, why I should have done it. Charlotte couldn't hear me, and I wasn't in a position to tell her.

We didn't speak to each other for another two years, with the only truth being that I really wanted to stop it.

The same is true today.

Charlotte was feeling guilty about me, and she kept apologizing for it, but we never really talked about everything that happened from our first meeting until now.

Why I cheated.

He knew you were a princess, and he'd been lying to you all along.

About the truth about your kidnapping.

About the days of carrying letters back and forth.

And yet, it dawns on me that we haven't talked about anything.

In the face of something as big as the Gate scandal, the fate of the world, and running a country, I wondered if it was okay to bury small stories.

Charlotte had already buried her questions in her guilt, so she didn't need to talk about them.

I walk to the cafeteria with Charlotte, head down and speechless.

Let's eat something for now.

Let's talk while we eat.

Whatever it was.



* * *



"Directly....... directly?"

Charlotte looked at me in disbelief as I walked directly into the galley instead of calling for someone.

"Who says the devil can't hold a sword?"

"Yeah....... I do......."

I have little sense that I am a king, and no idea of the discipline or dignity that comes with being a king.

And, honestly, it's been a while since I've wanted to make Charlotte something with my own hands.

Honestly, in all seriousness, I'm in a hierarchy with these guys, but I don't know if they see me as a lord or not, but to me they're just friends.

I can only do so much on my own. So I rely on my friends to help me.

I don't know if it's right to think like a king, but I can't change my mindset from this.

And in fact, after the water sword, the knife is the only thing I've held in the temple that I've gotten tired of.

I made a lot of them, and ate a lot of them.

Between meals before breakfast and at night after evening training.

With Ellen.

Sometimes with Harriet, sometimes with Charlotte.

"......."

I can't help but cringe when I think back to my Temple days.

It makes me think about the things that have changed.

I think of moments that have become irreversible.

I definitely had that thought back then.

That one day, everything would be different.

I knew it was bound to happen.

Even in that moment, I kept thinking that there would come a day when I would remember these days, that this moment could never last forever.

Those thoughts ended up being true, and I had no choice but to live in the now, unable to return to that moment.

But just because you know, just because you think it's going to happen, doesn't mean it's going to be easy to accept when it does.

Moments of no return.

Irreversible relationships.

I find it infuriating and frustrating.

Also, I was sad.



* * *



It's kind of funny that Wang Sung isn't given the same environment as an academy run by the empire, but the empire is a different beast altogether.

It's not the same environment as the temple, but it is a king's castle after all.

We had plenty of food, it was getting late, and Charlotte doesn't eat much, so I made a light sandwich.

A glass of water and a sandwich.

"Thank you, Reinhard."

"What's the big deal?"

"But......."

It didn't seem like much, but Charlotte was impressed, her eyes lit up, and she began to eat her sandwich.

I made mine while I was at it, so I had a sandwich too.

"When is your next departure?"

"Well....... That's up to the Allies, not my will. I'll have to keep an eye on that."

"Well, I guess so."

I don't make the decision for the Allies to advance, so the nature of our job is to follow their movements, and we don't know when the next deployment will be.

As the Allies advance and we send out our vanguard to secure the advance, we strike further ahead.

"By the way, I'm glad you're okay, I hope the other unit is too."

"Probably," I said, "because we've all agreed that if I run out of steam, I'll just bail, and I don't have to push myself."

Loss of manpower at the wrong time is devastating. The Lord Vampires had been made aware of this, so it shouldn't be a problem.

Avoid conflicts with allied forces as much as possible.

If it's a battle where you expect to lose men, walk away.

As long as these two guiding principles are followed, other units shouldn't have too many problems.

Come to think of it, there's something I need to tell Charlotte, too.

Not that it matters to Charlotte.

"Also, I destroyed a gate, albeit a small one."

"I heard that from Harriet, but I'm a little worried that destroying the warp gate might be a bit much......."

"Not too much. Technically, it was just her or him doing it."

It's only a squad of five, but even then, the four of us, minus Riana, don't have a moment of weakness.

He summoned a massive blizzard, turning the area into a near-blizzard, and many of the flying monsters crashed and burned, while those that remained were buried in the snow, either crushed or suffocated.

"I wouldn't put too much faith in it though, you never know how long it's going to work."

Charlotte nodded, knowing that Harriet had already been briefed.



"Yeah, but I think it's still going to be a pretty big trump card in our game plan."

"Yeah, I guess so."

The strategy was to reduce the number of monsters with extreme cold, but after experimenting with it, we realized that it had a significant side effect.

Like I said, every monster is different. If you want to kill them with their environment rather than a direct hit, you'll need to use a variety of methods.



Some are similar to common creatures, while others are completely different.

That's why we need different types of deaths.

Verbs and fallen verbs.

That's all I was thinking about, and then I realized that I was choking and suffocating.

I've found that blizzards are quite a versatile weapon.

Of course, it's somehow even more horrifying that these monsters survived in such extreme conditions.

"We'll probably be able to handle a small gate like this and march through it on our own, but I don't know about a medium-sized gate, and I don't think we'll be able to handle a very large gate on our own."

Blizzard is a very useful weapon at this point, but at some point you'll encounter enemies that it doesn't work against.

"By the way, the Allies are going to be pretty flustered when they arrive......."

"I don't think the snow will melt by the time you get there, but whatever."

Once you've got Heinrich, you'll be able to bombard him with flames and the snow will melt in no time.

If it doesn't work out, Riana can step in again.

I mean, it's massive environmental destruction, but that's none of my business. I've got a lump in my throat.

Charlotte finished her sandwich and looked at me distantly.

Yes, we decided to talk.

For some reason, we've been cooking and eating together on separate nights, and we just feel like talking about things.

It makes me feel sentimental.

Even though I knew it wasn't the right moment, the sentimental feeling was quite foreign to me because it had been so long.

Still, you have to do what you have to do.

I don't know everything.

And there's a lot it can't do.

So I have a lot of people around me.

People who can think things I don't know, people who can do things I can't.

They are all important to me.

"Do you know anything about the Schwarz family?"

"You mean Cernstadt, right?"

"Uh, yeah."

Charlotte tilts her head, not sure why I'm asking this.

"You know as much as you need to know, right?"

It's not a minor power, it's a first world country.

Number Two among human nations, so to speak.

So Charlotte knows as much as she needs to know.

I thought that was pretty funny.

It's not about knowing what you know, it's about knowing what you need to know.

Not as much as is commonly known, but as much as she should know as an empress.

In other words, there is knowledge of unknown details.

"I know Heinrich."

"Yes, Heinrich von Schwarz. He was a classmate of mine. Ever since the Gate debacle....... I understand he's been quite active."

"He's about to be assassinated by his own brothers. That's what I'm thinking."

"......What, assassination?"

Naturally, Charlotte's reaction was one of disbelief.





Episode 527.





When Charlotte hears that Heinrich von Schwarz is about to be assassinated, she looks incredulous.

No, I know that doesn't make sense.

Well, it does happen, right?

I know it's all my fault!

"Just pretend it's happening and tell me."

"Yes."

Issue.

Heinrich is killed in the line of duty one day when he goes on a mission as usual.

It's not an assassination, it's disguised as a death by monsters.

In the original, as now, Heinrich is still an asshole by that point, but his position has become very important, so it's a very big shock to the Allies as a whole, as well as to the Royal Class.

Ludwig watches Heinrich's funeral, which is carried out with alarming speed at the hands of Cernstadt royalty, and realizes that something is amiss.

Ludwig, who reports to Bertus on the point, is authorized by Bertus to investigate the matter in secret.

While the Allies mourn, Ludwig follows up on his own suspicions and, with the help of several people, realizes that the Cernstadt royal family is responsible.

In the aftermath of this event, Bertus, enraged that such petty politics had caused such a disaster at such a time, executed all of Cernstadt's royalty and forcibly unified the chain of command under the Empire.

At the time of the original story, Bertus was acting Emperor and serving as Commander-in-Chief of the Allied Forces. Of course, the previous Emperor, Neliod de Gradias, is now dead, and Bertus is the current Emperor, so he's traveling back and forth between the Imperial and Allied camps.

Anyway, after that, of course, there is a huge backlash within the Cernstadt army, and there are even some desertions.

In this situation, Ludwig makes a strong appeal to the Cernstadt army. Let us not give up this war on which the fate of mankind depends.

In the original, Ludwig has the Alsbringer, which is very symbolic in that context.

So, the story is that Cernstadt's troops will stay with the Allies at Ludwig's urging.

If left alone, Heinrich will die.

Heinrich is a classmate, but before that he is a very big force for the Allies.

Power bleeds, the coalition splits, and then it's sewn back together again.

Ludwig's persuasions and the cause win him over, but the alliance continues to falter in the days that follow as the Imperials and Cernstadt's allies work together.

It's a bad thing to wake up to.

So I hope this doesn't happen.

I've warned Heinrich in a letter, but I don't know if that will really work or not.

"Anyway, let's say Heinrich is assassinated, and I want to resolve this case in a way that doesn't kill Heinrich and doesn't hurt the Allies, is that possible?"

Direct contact with Heinrich would likely be futile. He wouldn't trust me.

But what if I killed all of Heinrich's brothers-in-law?

That alone creates a huge chain of command.



And if I don't do something about it, a demon appears in the Allied garrison and kills the Cernstadt royals.

Your allies' hatred of you will be through the roof, and there will be a lot of unrest within your alliance. You never know when a demon might attack your allies.

And if I do that in the first place, Heinrich will never forgive me for killing his family. He'll never know that he'd be dead if he hadn't killed them.

If all else fails, I may take this route, killing all of Heinrich's brothers myself. But I realize that it's not the best option, it's not the only option, it's the worst option.

No matter what I do, the hatred against me is so great that even Heinrich from here on out considers me an enemy of the family, and I don't see why I should have to carry that extra weight on my shoulders.



It's possible to disguise the fact that it's not you, but someone else.

Whether through Sarkeghar or myself, by assassination.

After all, there was an assassination within the Alliance, so there will be a disturbance and the Alliance's progress will be slowed.

There will be a reorganization of the chain of command, and if the Allies start commanding Cernstadt as in the original, there will be a problem.

The chaos doesn't stop when subordinate commanders pass the baton.



Even if Heinrich, the sole heir to Cernstadt, were to take over the baton, he'd have a problem: He's only strong because he's strong, but he's never led or commanded before, and he doesn't have the talent.

After all, the three men who want to kill Heinrich are clearly men of some use.

Three royals who, if left alone, will cause an accident, but who are doing just fine with what they have to do right now.



They're villains because they have irreplaceable needs, and removing them causes problems.

It's easy to clean up.

However, post-cleanup issues pose a different set of problems.

So as noiselessly as possible.

To pass the case off entirely in a way that doesn't kill Heinrich and doesn't cause too much trouble within the Allies.

Is that possible?

I can't think of anything else here, so I turn to Charlotte.

"Hmmm....... I'm not exactly up to speed on the Allied situation, but....... Reinhardt, I think I have a pretty good idea of what you're thinking......."

Charlotte begins to seriously consider my question.

"Heinrich's sudden rise to prominence is bound to make his brothers nervous....... So we want to keep him alive and get rid of him before he becomes a bigger problem....... Hmm....... I don't think that's entirely out of the question."

Charlotte shakes her head.

"But it's a matter of possibility, not necessarily certainty that it will happen?"

It's possible, but there's no guarantee it will happen.

"If it was an assassination, they'd probably try to cover it up, like he was killed in the line of duty, something like that....... That's what the Schwarzes did....... I wonder if they're dumb enough to do that......."

Dumb things.

I have to agree with Charlotte.

The gate situation isn't even finished, and the brothers kill Heinrich for being too powerful.

So in the original, when Bertus realizes what's going on, he's not only angry, he's incredulous.

In this situation.

In moments like this.

One of the Alliance's most important forces, even its own brothers, is killed over a mere royal dispute.

Bertus loses his temper and, with the authority of the commander-in-chief, executes all the Cernstadt royalty.

Rather than go to war with these crazy things, we might as well kill them and make a little noise.

In fact, the Allies were on the verge of splitting, but Ludwig saved them from disaster.



In the end, it was clear that Charlotte had decided that the incident was too stupid to happen.

"Yeah, it's a possibility, but it can't hurt to be prepared, right? The Allies' bleeding is our bleeding."

"Okay, so let's assume that's how things are anyway. What....... If there really is an assassination, Heinrich will probably be untouchable by the time this war is properly concluded, even by the House of Cernstadt....... It doesn't seem so improbable."

"Hmm, I guess so. She'll get almost as much hero treatment as Ellen."

Ellen's overstated status is not lost on Heinrich, the beggar.

Finally, Ludwig, the original protagonist, is nowhere near the fame of Heinrich.

So by the time the Gate crisis is over and the rebuilding of humanity begins in earnest, Heinrich will already be an unsung hero, not just in Cernstadt, but everywhere humanity is alive.

"If that happens, Heinrich may have to be king, even if he doesn't want to be."

"Well....... for sure. That could be a possibility."

The darker the times, the more powerful the symbol.

As the youngest member of the Cernstadt royal family, Heinrich may be forced to take the throne almost unwillingly.

The youngest, who, if alive, will have such influence that he will have to be king, whether he likes it or not.

Brothers who are resentful of being usurped as successors by such a youngster and want to kill him before he becomes untouchably famous.

Charlotte seemed to be convinced that it was a real possibility.

"In the end, the question is not whether Heinrich will be assassinated or not, but if he is, how will you stop it......."

Charlotte's brow furrows as she considers.

"I suppose it would be easiest to work things out through Bertus, but that would mean Heinrich would be completely on the Empire's side....... So we'd have to cut him off from Cernstadt altogether, which would only require convincing Heinrich....... and the status quo would be maintained, but that's a risk."

"I realize that contact with Bertus is dangerous....... but if that's the only way to do it, I suppose we have no choice."

"There's more to it than that."

Charlotte shook her head.

"The Schwarzes are likely to take this as interference in their internal affairs."

"I'm offering to take care of ......'s pain, and you're going to throw a fit about internal affairs interference?"

"Of course."

Charlotte sighs.

"Cernstadt is the First Reich."

"......, right?"

"Not now, but don't you remember the Orbis class?"

"Ah."

The Orbis class would also be at the end of the gate, and while the class is gone, the students remain. Therefore, students from the Orbis class will also remain in the Temple garrison.

One of the many things that happened because of what I was doing was the collapse of the Orbis class.

The relationship between the Orbis class and the Royal class can be described in a single word.

Inferiority complex.

Eternal first and second place.

The Empire and Cernstadt are like that.

"Cernstadt is the closest country to the Empire, so there is a tremendous sense of inferiority in Cernstadt, not only to the Empire but also to its people. How much more so to the Schwarz family?"

"Oh....... I see."

The nations closest to empire are, after all, the ones with the strongest aspirations for empire.

To be precise, it is the Schwarz family of Cernstadt that envies the Imperial House of Gradias the most in the world and feels inferior to it.

"The Empire hasn't stayed that way because history hasn't recorded it. How many times has the Schwarz family tried to overthrow the Empire?"

There is an enemy of humanity.

Empires were built under its banner.

But that's not to say there hasn't been some confusion.

Charlotte was an empress, so she would have known a lot of the backstabbing and maneuvering that went unrecorded.

"So the most important thing for the Imperial Emperor is to maintain a relationship with Cernstadt that is neither too distant nor too close: it is his most important diplomatic contact, a potential enemy, and nevertheless his most important ally."

Cernstadt is important to the Empire. For better or worse.

"Aside from the fact that our approach to Bertus is dangerous for him. If Bertus were to remove Heinrich from the House of Cernstadt altogether and make him a member of the Imperial staff, it could be read as a gesture of the Empire's intent to swallow up the House of Schwarz, which would of course be viewed as interference in internal affairs."

"No, shouldn't you be happy when a powerful rising contender to the throne decides to abdicate on his own accord, even if you hate the empire?"

At my words, Charlotte shook her head.

"Reinhard, this way it's not just a gesture and a possibility, it's actually possible for Bertus to devour the Schwarz family through Heinrich."

"......what?"

"The right of succession is a sham, and even if Heinrich has renounced it, given the position he'll have once this war is over, he can still influence the royal succession. And Bertus could make Heinrich king of Cernstadt if he really wanted to. It's a chance for him to change the whole Schwarz family, which has been such a problem for him, by making Heinrich his own king. It's rather strange that he doesn't do that. Why wouldn't he do that if he could?"

"......Huh."

I'm not mistaking Cernstadt for interference in internal affairs.

It's actually interference.

If you can get Heinrich to disassociate himself from the Cernstadt family to eliminate the possibility of assassination, you can use him to get the Cernstadt family eaten by the Empire.

Charlotte thought about it and shook her head.

"Now that I think about it, this won't work, Heinrich will die because he's in that state."

"......You mean to tell me this is going to irritate the House of Cernstadt?"

"Yes, Louise von Schwarz, the current heir apparent, is no fool, quite the contrary, and if the Empire makes a decision like this, she'll quickly see what's about to happen, and it will only serve to further alienate Heinrich, not to mention put her hands on him."

What we do to deal with assassinations actually makes them more likely.

It would be even more dangerous to sever the ties between Heinrich and Cernstadt.

If Heinrich stays within Cernstadt's sphere of influence, the royal family feels threatened and murders him.

The Schwarzes murder Heinrich because they fear that if Heinrich is allowed to remain within the Empire's sphere of influence, the Empire will use Heinrich to swallow up the Schwarzes.

"Doomed to die....... Authorized."

No matter what you do, Heinrich will be killed.

The moderates can't avoid a future where Heinrich is killed.

"Do we have to kill the Schwarzes in the garrison in some way?"

"......I don't know about anyone else, but not Louise von Schwarz."

"Why......?"

"There will be more chaos, surely. He's the commander-in-chief, and he's got a very strong position in Cernstadt. What would an army do without its commander-in-chief? There's no one in Cernstadt who's a better commander than he is, and if you kill them, except Louise von Schwarz and Heinrich, there's no point, because Louise von Schwarz is going to kill Heinrich one day anyway."

It turns out that Charlotte was worried about the same things I was worried about.

It hurts too much to be a headache.

They're too important.

Heinrich and Louise von Schwarz are also important.



If it matters if one of them dies, and there's no way to solve the problem other than death, what the heck do you do?

"Let's get him."

"......?"

For a moment, I didn't understand what Charlotte was talking about.

"In the Allies, Heinrich is tied to too many political machinations. If an assassination were to occur, I believe it would be after the war, but....... If Heinrich is assassinated on the march, then every moment is dangerous, and I think the only way to preserve his life is to stay with us."

"...... also does."

It's not that we haven't thought about it.

"But there's no guarantee that Heinrich will join us."

"Sure. It's going to be hard for me to accept what's happened, for us, and for you."

It seems highly unlikely that Heinrich will come over to my side.

It's also clear that coercive or violent methods must be used.

"But off the top of my head, I can only think of....... I guess this is the only way to go."

With that, Charlotte metallurgized the rest of her sandwich.

Heinrich Possop.

I can try, but will Heinrich be convinced?

It's not about our power, it's about your safety.

There's no way Heinrich is going to buy that when the assassination attempt hasn't even happened.

Consider my case.

Bertus sneaks up on you and tells you that Charlotte and the rest of Edina's core faction are trying to get rid of you, and that you should join the Empire.

Do I believe it?

I don't think I'll ever believe it.



* * *



Recruit Heinrich.

There doesn't seem to be any other way to do it at the moment.

After the meal, even though it was late, Charlotte and I had a cup of tea on the terrace of the royal castle.

I love climbing the minarets and looking down on Rajaq, but this terrace has the same panoramic view of Rajaq.

I don't know about you, but I think the view from a royal castle is better than a temple.

We need to think a bit more about how we want to include Heinrich.

"Cernstadt Wangara....... Nothing to do with me now, but they were a lot of talking and a lot of riding."

"From the sounds of it, that would have been especially true for the Empire......."

The position of First Empire and the Imperial Family, the rulers of all the empires.

The story of the Schwarz family's envy and jealousy of the empire seemed like a no-brainer to me.

It had the potential to become an empire, but the Gradias imperial family was too strong.

"I'm telling you this because....... Pardon me, but the fact that the House of Gradias has remained intact, and the Schwarzes have been unable to do more than mildly attempt to bring down the Empire, is largely due to the influence of the Darklands."

"I'm sure you did."

It's not exactly the same thing, but Bertus has said something similar in the past.

So when I unleashed terror on the ecliptic to rescue the demonic prisoners, Bertus was actually pleased, even though it cost him dearly.

He believes that this event will allow the empire to survive a little longer.

If I hadn't existed, if the gate hadn't happened.

At some point, there may have been a quasi-movement of revolutionary forces, or the empire may have split under Cernstadt's leadership.

One event so big that it consumed everything else in the world and reduced it to nothing.

"Do you know that there is an academy in Cernstadt similar to the Temple?"

"...... is it?"

That was another story I had never heard before. Cernstadt can't help but feel inferior to the Empire. It must also be envious of the Temple, a vital part of the Empire's business and the cradle of talent development and acquisition.

So instead of sending royalty to the temple, Cernstadt created a system benchmarked after the temple.

"I hear the education there is pretty good, but....... I don't know much about it, but they're trying to keep up with Temple."

Just as the Royal Class had no interest in the Orbis Class, they had no interest in the Cernstadt Academy trying to catch up to the Temple somehow.

It doesn't compare anyway, so why bother.

It must have felt like this.

"So Heinrich's admission to the Temple was quite a surprise for the Empire and for the Temple, because the Schwarzes of Cernstadt were sending royalty to the Temple, and it was like, 'Oh, my God.'"

"That's right."

There was an accident.

Therefore, it was sent to the temple like an outcast.

It was the first time I'd heard that he hadn't even gotten into the academy inside Cernstadt.

I'm aware of the situation.

But does Charlotte know?

"Hmm....... Reinhardt, you may not know this, and it may be rude of me to tell you this behind your back....... but there's an incident that seems to have forced Heinrich to come to the Temple."

"......You get the idea."

"...... is it?"

I didn't want to play dumb and then be surprised to hear it, so I gestured that I had a general idea of what Charlotte was trying to say.

Charlotte didn't specify the source of the information.

"I had a power awakening when I was very young, and that's when two of my Sun Yat-sen brothers died....... That's what I heard."

"Uh, that's probably what it was."

"Hmmm......."

Charlotte takes a sip of her tea.

"Anyway, an accident is an accident, and it was unavoidable....... I mean, Heinrich came to Temple in elementary school, so it was a long time ago......."

What is Charlotte trying to say?

"It was a very dangerous and big event, with the deaths of immediate royalty, but Heinrich should have been sent to the Temple. Was it really necessary for Heinrich to be sent away, almost like he was kicked out....... Now that I think about it."

"...... is it?"

"Yeah. Still, it was an accident. I mean, it was unintentional, but....... the Empire that hates you so much. They even sent him to the Temple, but he's royalty, so they can't execute him for an accident like that. They sent him to a faraway country, like they didn't even want to look at him. After that, they stopped caring. Well, they still don't, but even back then there was a perception that psychic powers were a sinister force......."

"Right."

Ominous power.

As a power of unknown origin and source, psychic powers are sometimes viewed as ominous, and perhaps even more so in the past.

"Don't you think that's a little bit more than a little bit of punishment?"

People died, even brothers. But at the end of the day, it's still an accident.

I wonder if Heinrich's punishment was a bit excessive.

He's still royalty.

"The thought of being overly hated....... I couldn't help but think."

Temples are schools attended by the children of powerful people, royalty, and nobility.

They come together, they are equalized, they are educated together.

But it is, after all, a school for the children of the powerful.

"You can get a sense of the political situation in different parts of the world by looking at the history of the students who come to Temple. Temple was sort of a clearinghouse for that information, to get a sense of what was going on in the continent."

"......No, really?"

"Is there any reason not to?"

Eventually, the Temple collects information on its students. Of course, it's limited to students from prestigious families, including powerful people and royalty.

"Well, it's not like we're following students around, but we're making inferences from the information that's on file. Temple has a whole department dedicated to that."

You've just learned one of the secrets of the temple that I didn't know.

It's not a specialized intelligence unit, but it's a lot of information, and Temple had no reason not to use it.

"That's how....... about Heinrich von Schwarz that I had been briefed on....... Well, it's speculative. There's something important."

"What is that?"

"Heinrich is hated by the royal family. A little too much."

"I did."

"Superpowers, aren't they usually awakened in a state of extreme distraction?"

"That's right......."

"I wonder what happened to Heinrich to awaken his powers. But even he can't remember what it was, he was too young."

Psychic powers are awakened by mental extremes.

Heinrich killed his brother.

The narrative states that he was hated by the Cernstadt royalty for the accident and banished to the temple.

What's behind it.

"I feel like I've been abused."

"......."

"The royals weren't hated because they were killed by the youngest, it's different."

Charlotte says calmly.

"I've always hated them."

Abused by his brothers, Heinrich von Schwarz suffered too much at a young age.

In it, he awakened Pyrokinesis and murdered his brothers.

A murder, but an accident nonetheless.

Psychic powers awakened after abuse.

And the reason for that abuse.

I wouldn't have taken the abuse for nothing.

"Heinrich von Schwarz may have been illegitimate."

Charlotte makes a terrifying inference.

"That explains why Heinrich is so hated by his brothers. It explains why, as you say, the Schwarzes in the garrison would want to kill Heinrich in this situation."

With all due respect to Heinrich.

Charlotte's cruel reasoning is another truth I don't know about this situation.

The margins of a filled-in story.

Soon, I couldn't help but think I was close to the right answer.

If so, Heinrich is unaware that he is illegitimate.





Episode 528.





It is only speculation that Heinrich may have been illegitimate.

But when you think of it that way, the loose ends of the chain of events are completely connected.

Why Heinrich was not sent to an academy inside Cernstadt.

Why it was necessary to kill Heinrich, who was gradually becoming a hero in this situation.

A rootless bastard is the hero of Cernstadt, and may even surpass Louise von Schwarz as the heir to the throne.

For pure-blooded royalty, that would be absolutely unacceptable.

"Maybe if this is true, Heinrich doesn't know about this."

We don't know if this is really true or not.

"Solenin, the current queen of Cernstadt, is a very unruly woman, with an obsession with manners, decency, and protocol. It's ridiculous, but it's something I or Bertus should learn from, though we haven't seen much of it."

The queen of an empire. But a queen with better manners and dignity than an empire.

But it's all a façade, and no one sees the Queen of Cernstadt as equal to or superior to the imperial royalty.

"But he's a bastard....... The mere thought of such a scandal would give me a seizure. No, it's not just creepy, it's something to hang yourself with a rope over."

"So....... rather than....... as his own child, is that it?"

"It would have been easier to kill him, but Constantin von Schwarz, King of Cernstadt, was known to be a big man, and he might have been a big man about the treatment of his illegitimate children, but he could have accepted them, but he couldn't love them, and I don't think he could have done anything about that."

When she's finished, Charlotte drinks the rest of her tea and exhales.

"It's all speculation, after all. Maybe they weren't really illegitimate or anything, maybe the royals loved their dead fourth and fifth children so much that they couldn't help but hate the youngest."

It's just presenting a possibility, a reasonable possibility, Charlotte says. It's just telling us what Temple assumed.

But isn't that a cruel possibility, too close to the truth?

Can Heinrich understand or accept this?

"That's as much as I can tell you, but I'm not sure how to convince Heinrich."

You are a bastard.

So you might be killed by your brothers. No, your brothers must kill you. They have to kill you before you can be considered a greater hero, so that there's no chance of the throne passing to a bastard.

A bastard who killed two pure-blooded royals.

I find it rather strange that I don't hate Heinrich.

He's even become so powerful that he's now considered a hero in Cernstadt.

I had templed him to stay out of sight, shoved him in a corner, and now I'm forced to treat him like a brother.

You're going to be crushed.

"Hmmm, if I go to Heinrich and tell him that you're a bastard and you're going to die if you don't get on my side, what's to stop him from turning around and roasting me?"

"That's right......."

Charlotte smiled wryly.



* * *



The late-night consultation is over.

I didn't get the answer I was looking for, but I knew what I needed to do.

I was also able to deduce, to a certain extent, the facts about how the loose bits I had woven were woven together.

I ate my meal and drank my tea.

But for some reason, I was disappointed, and Charlotte and I were aesthetically pleased.

It's nothing personal, but it's been a while since I've had a conversation with Charlotte that felt like a conversation.

We sat on the terrace in a daze, not knowing what to do.

It needs to be said.

"......Want to go for a walk?"

"Huh? Ah. Yeah. Okay."

As if waiting for the words, Charlotte nodded vigorously.



* * *



Charlotte and I left the royal castle and walked the plains outside of Rajak.

Along the way, I saw the city of Razak to my left and the refugee camp to my right.





As Charlotte had planned, there were occasional sightings of supposed vigilantes wandering around with torches.

The incorrigible.

The cruel Charlotte's plan to purge them and form a new vigilante group when the time comes.

The reason it's cruel isn't because Charlotte encourages them to be corrupt.

This is because the vigilante's corruption is a sin of their own choosing. Corrupt vigilantes who are later punished cannot escape the shackles of their sinful choices.

You've been taken advantage of, but you'll be judged without even knowing it.

Charlotte knows how humans behave in certain situations.

Because there are those who will crawl into the predicted quagmire without being told, and they will be replenished by others.

That's why this policy is cruel.

I'm not sure at what stage that got to.

We will no longer be bringing in survivors from the continent.

This means that Edina's population will never increase due to outside influx.

You only need to manage people who are already in Edina.

We've saved so many lives.

But that's just a drop in the bucket compared to the actual number of people who died.

That set off a chain of events that eventually led to something I don't even want to think about.

We walk together, Charlotte watching from a distance as the torches come and go in the refugee camp.

"How's the regent thing going, is it worth it?"

"I don't know if it's working or not, but I'm doing it, and now I have some idea of what's going on with Edina. Things are going to get better."

"Good."

It's only going to get better.

That sounded good, but it also sounded like a statement that things were so bad, they couldn't possibly get any worse.

Am I too twisted?

"Most of all, I'm glad the demons aren't complaining. If....... under normal circumstances, there would have been more of a backlash from the demons than the humans."

"Sure."

Even though the demons have no reason to live among humans, they obey because their king has ordered them to.

Reign of the Demon is both idealized and bizarre for this reason.

If a society is made up entirely of demons and not humans, the demon king can rule for life with no opposition.

Eleris told me that she was once an Archdemon, but her horns were broken and she was banished by her own son, the only demon who could resist her.

Demon.

And the Empress.

Charlotte, now my regent.

When we first met, I wonder if this future was meant to be.

"Charlotte."

"Yes."

"I don't remember ever being a demon prince."

Charlotte stops walking at my words and looks up at me.

"I was thrown into the world, knowing only that I was the son of the demon Valier."

Suddenly, the day I told her the story, Charlotte was staring at me wordlessly.

"When I met you, I didn't know who you were."

"......."

"I'm not going to tell you all the lies I told you, all the excuses I had to make."

Charlotte just stood there, listening to me.

"But....... You owe me an apology."

"......."

"I'm so sorry for all the lies I've told you."

I'm not sure how to make my apology sound sincere.

I don't think this is enough to forgive me for deceiving Charlotte.

However, I think we need to talk about it properly.

I don't think it's something that should be put off because you're busy, because you have too many other things to do.

Charlotte looks at me apologetically and smiles.

"Three times."

"Three times?"

"Once in the Demon Castle, once in the Palace of Spring, and once this time. Three times like that."

Charlotte looks at me.

The number of times I saved Charlotte.

It seemed to say that.

"At this point, I feel like the world hates me, and somehow I'm supposed to die, but you've saved me over and over again, and I wonder what will happen next. I wonder if there's something else I have to die for."

It was a cloudy night with no stars or moon.

"You're weird."

"......."

"You're supposed to hate me."

"Hate?"

"Yes."

Charlotte looks up at the night sky.

"You saved me time and time again, and I didn't trust you, even though I had no choice but to think so. You saved me, and you did it with the purest of intentions, and I didn't trust you and cursed you."

I thought it could be.

So many lies piled on top of each other to create a tower of misinformation that was more compelling than the truth.

So I was thinking it was inevitable.

I don't blame Charlotte.

"You had no choice but to do it."

Charlotte smiles bitterly at my words.

"You resent and curse me for not trusting you when you've saved and protected me so many times. If you had, it would have been unavoidable."

Resenting Charlotte for not knowing my heart.

Was that even possible for me?

"I did it because I had to, and you didn't resent it because you had to."

"The difference between ....... I think it's pretty big."

"You're the one who did what I couldn't, and then I feel a little weird when I realize that you still don't resent me one bit."

"What am I, I've never done anything for you, I've always been there for you, I've even let you down at a crucial moment, and yet I've come to your rescue like I'm supposed to......."

"I'm not sure."

"So now I feel distant from you."

"I'm not sure I can do anything for you, and I don't think I'll ever be able to repay you."

It's something Charlotte has to do for me.

What Charlotte must do for me, not the Regent's work.

There is no such thing.

I don't really have a wish list.

"Just, you know, be healthy and live well."

"I thought you'd say that."

Charlotte giggled, covering her mouth.

Maybe I should have said something more.

I need you, even if it's not exactly a regent's job. I want you to always be within my sight.

Maybe I should have said that.

Charlotte was the first life I saved when I arrived in this world.

Because of this, I realize that I have a different kind of attachment to Charlotte than I do to anyone else.

"There's something I want to do with you."

Charlotte says to me.

"What do you want to do?"

"Yeah, I can do that right now."

What do you want to do with me at this hour?

When I stared at her like I didn't know what she was talking about, she fumbled in her arms and pulled out something.

"Here, let's eat this."

It was a biscuit wrapped in a paper wrapper.

It symbolizes the first time we met.

I'm carrying this in my arms.

Someday, when we have this conversation, are we going to eat together?

"Good."

At my answer, Charlotte smiled wryly, then unwrapped the biscuit and snapped it in half, precisely.

That was the case then, too.

I broke the biscuit I'd given Charlotte to eat in half and handed it to myself.

I felt an odd sensation as I watched Charlotte hand me half of it, unable to keep it for herself, even at the moment the bone was served.

I wonder if that's what Charlotte was thinking when I handed her the biscuit.

He looked at me as if I had given him something he couldn't even eat in that moment.

Charlotte popped a halved biscuit into my mouth, then into her own.

You've been carrying biscuits around to give to me someday.

That's how much he wanted to talk to me, and he was always ready to talk.

It wasn't until long after Charlotte came to Edina that I was able to tell her the story of our first meeting.

We eat biscuits, leaning against each other, on a hill with a view of Rajak and the refugee camps.

Of course, it's not the same biscuit.

"It doesn't taste the same."

"That's just the way it is."

Charlotte and I nibble on biscuits.

Circumstances being what they are, they are objectively worse than the ones I ate back then. Of course, that was the high quality stuff the demon prince was carrying, and the biscuits available in Edina are a yawn compared to that.

The gourmet biscuits you ate when no matter what you ate, it had to be good.

A plain biscuit that you eat when you're not particularly hungry.

It can't be the same flavor.

Charlotte said that no matter what she ate, she didn't think she could eat anything better than those biscuits, so after that, she was okay with whatever she ate. She said she didn't have to choose what she ate anymore.

That's what happened on the ecliptic.

Although it doesn't taste the same.

At least we can eat biscuits together.

You can go around and around, and eventually, you can be together.

We don't resent each other anymore, and we don't hate each other.

I don't have to lie to Charlotte anymore.

"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

"When this is all over, what are you going to do?"

Charlotte asks, taking a bite out of her biscuit.

After it's all over. After the Gate debacle.

Until I survive the final fight, and things with Ellen are somehow resolved.

If I'm still alive by then.

What to do.

"I don't know."

I don't know if I'll even be around in the future, and it's too much to think about until later.

I'm not the kind of person who can think too far into the future without knowing for sure.

Heinrich is about to be assassinated, and we don't have any answers, and it's all over.

"War....... Probably, unavoidable."

"......I think so."

"Yeah, after everything is finalized. The continent will know we have a home in Edina at some point, I don't know when, but it will happen."

Charlotte is the regent.

It's a place to think about the future. And it's something I, as the king, must think about.

After the Gate is over, humanity will deal with the monsters left on the continent and lay the groundwork for rebuilding.

We can create our own paradise here, far away from the continent, breathing down our necks.

But they can't stay away from each other forever.

No matter when it happens, humanity and Edina are bound to collide.

Charlotte's point about war is not new. I've been thinking about it myself.

But there is a war to be fought.

The more humanity rebuilds, the better things get, the more humanity's vendetta to kill me, the cause of this, will want to be resolved.

If word spreads that the Devil has taken up residence in Edina, you'll have to fight off humanity's conquering forces.

If you think it's not going to happen in the short term, it will happen.

Charlotte taps me on the shoulder when I seem to be struggling.

I turned my head and Charlotte was looking at me, her head tilted at a slight angle.

"Do you want me to tell you something funny?"

"......what?"

"Because you're with me, you can claim to be the heir to the Gradias Empire."

What is he talking about?

"And you've got two holy relics, which means you can claim influence over the Order. Or, well, you could reform the Great Cult into the Holy Order, put Olivia Ranze in charge, and then absorb their power. It's possible."

"What are you talking about?"

It was a scary story.

"Of course the demons will follow your lead, not to mention you."

Charlotte looks at me.

"Reinhardt."

What are you trying to say.

It sent shivers down my spine.

"You could be the ruler of the whole world, not just an empire."

You are not the emperor of mankind, nor the king of demons.

Ruler of the world.

"You think the humans hate and loathe you, so they won't accept your rule?"

Charlotte smiled subtly, as if she knew without being told.

"People don't live as subjects of the Gradias Empire because they support the Empire."

"......."

"Rule is passive, whether it's House Gradias at the top or the demon they hate. They don't need convincing, and they never have."

Dominance is just that, dominance.

No need for crowd support.

"A ruler need only be strong. Strong enough that the lesser ones don't dare to try and overturn it, that's all. The way you protect the people of this Edina makes you a ruler, an oppressor of humanity disguised as oppression and terror."

Hatred of humanity.

If it's going to jump on me one day, I can jump on them first.

If it's a war that's going to happen, you'd rather face it head-on than fear it, or even consider invading it first, right?

"Bertus is....... What?"

At my words, Charlotte buries her head between her knees.

"They'll let me live....... I believe that."

Continental Emperor.

King of the world.

It's not that it wasn't on my radar.

Nor did he believe that the ruler of humanity had to be an empire.

But, Charlotte said, it's time to start thinking about that big topic.

"Just....... As it is, I think you're only thinking about what else you'll lose when it's all over, and you're afraid of that."

"......."

"Instead of losing something, you might gain something."

That was pretty far out of the scope of my thinking.

Charlotte looks at me.

"I just wanted to let you know that it's possible to have it all, to miss nothing, to feel that way."

After the gate, a war breaks out, and someone dies.

We lose someone in Edina.

It's not.

You can have everything in the world.

That's what Charlotte was saying.

Can there be a country where all the people hate the king?

Can such a thing be established?

Even if it can be established, should there be such a thing?

In terms of what's possible and what's not, it's probably possible.

If you make hate into fear, you can control it.

If my fear is greater than my hatred of me, I can keep humanity under my feet, no matter how much they hate me.

But can I afford it.

I can't do anything about this little island nation, so I leave it to Charlotte.

Do you have the slightest flicker of insanity to do such a crazy thing as be king of the world?

"......."

Is it okay to try to have it all because you don't want to lose any of it?





Episode 529.





Late at night.

Charlotte went into the bedroom, and I went into the bedroom.

Herriot had fallen asleep during his research, and was leaning back in bed with his book open.

I put the book back on the study table and carefully laid the sleeping Harriet down properly.

Herriot smiles wryly in his sleep, as if he felt my touch.

"Reinhardt....... Cat....... Iyi....... Joa......."

It's so cute, I want to bite it.

I lean back in bed and prepare to fall asleep.

So far today, I've given Airi the day off, so he's not coming.

King of the world.

It's not that I haven't thought about it, but I've never thought about it in depth.

That's something we don't know until we think about it.

The issue at hand is the assassination of Heinrich von Schwarz.

It's hard to intervene, and Charlotte said the best thing to do was to include Heinrich.

Method.

I have my own method that no one else knows about.

I stopped using it when the world started to conspire to screw me over in some way, but it's still a system feature.

I don't know when or how it's going to screw me over, and it's unreliable.

After a very long time, I'm using the retirement feature.

The assassination of Heinrich von Schwarz does not happen.



[Specify a date range].



Date range.

Sure. If we do this as a resignation, Heinrich will be free of assassination threats for the rest of his life, so we need to set a date, okay?

You can make it so there are no assassinations for a week. But the very next day, an assassination may occur.

It's a band-aid until you fix the real cause.

How about ten days?



[2,000 achievement points are required to trigger this event].



The required number of achievement points is 2,000.

The achievement is worth about 30,000 points, which is what you've earned since you last roamed the Sren Mountains.

You can.

I can guarantee Heinrich's safety for ten days. And maybe the next ten days.

But the march doesn't end in a month or two. It's meant to go beyond the year.

But if you keep putting it off, you'll just use up your achievement points.

We already know that we can't do much with retirement anyway.

It can't cause too many big events, and it can't avoid too many critical events. It's just built to be more of a secondary function.

You can't expect too much from a retirement in the first place.

If so, something else.

How about another long-forgotten system cheat.



[Scribe's Advice - 150 points].



It's not often that a scribe's advice has directly helped me. Throw me into a new case and I'm thrown.

They were usually both a help and a hindrance.

Seeing as how I'm still alive today, I guess it was helpful after all, even if I didn't use it often.

The roots of this whole story lie in my arrival at Eleris's shop on the advice of my first scribe, but I haven't written much since then. I didn't need to, and I often found it confusing.

And that it could be a trap, Kengigo.

At a time when you have to make the best choice in almost every situation, it's probably best to avoid scrivener's advice because of its potential pitfalls. It might just make your head spin.

So in Ellen's case, I didn't even look at the advice. I didn't even try to leave because I knew it would be pointless.

How about this.

Heinrich von Schwarz is assassinated, and what do I do?

I just wish it wasn't some bullshit that makes my head spin.



[Solid scribe's advice].

[Do nothing].



"......."

Again.

It was bullshit that only made my head hurt.

Do nothing.

I don't know if I should leave it alone, or if Heinrich is better off dead, or if my attempts at direct contact will only make things weirder.

What if I do nothing?

So what, you're saying it's better to let it die, or you're saying it's better to leave it alone?

If you're going to say it, say it!

The advice was direct, but the results were counterintuitive and made my head explode.

In this case, the vague advice was even more ridiculous.

You too?



[advice from an obscure scribe].

[Why is Heinrich von Schwarz still alive?]



What the hell is this?

Is it because Heinrich's very existence is strange?

My achievement score is 300 points.......

Now that's a lot, but it's still an achievement point.......

"After ......."

Headache.

Get some sleep.

"Mmmm goodnight....... Good night, lullaby......."

I wonder what our little paktong is dreaming about.

Am I dreaming that you're putting me to bed as a cat?

I finally gave in and patted him on the head a few times.



* * *



Cernstadt military headquarters barracks.

Deep in the night, only three men remained in the command barracks, having bitten off all the other commanders and soldiers.

"Sister. I'm not sure this is right."

"What do you mean?"

"Are we sure we want that bastard in our army......."

Alfons von Schwarz echoed the words of his second and eldest son, German von Schwarz.

"I don't even want to look that bastard in the face, why do we have to command an army in the same room as that filthy bastard, and the way he's being treated these days makes me sick to my stomach."

"Didn't I tell you, sister, not to use that word?"

German and Alfons' faces hardened at Louise's words.

"I'm sorry."

"......Sorry."

"It's bad enough to even mention such a word, even in private. How many times have I told you that people like us shouldn't even utter such ominous words? What if someone overhears you?"

Bastard.

It would be a problem if anyone knew that Schwarz royalty had ever uttered the word bastard.

People will get the hint that you have an illegitimate child problem.

The brothers are too quick to pick up on words that become problematic the moment they are uttered. At Louise's words, Alphonse, the third of the brothers who had been silent, spoke up.

"Anyway, that....... I don't see why we need to incorporate the youngest one into our army, it'll only make him more prominent."

"Yes. I wonder if it wouldn't be better to leave them on the Temple side, away from our forces, and on the Allied side......."

Changing Heinrich von Schwarz's affiliation to Cernstadt County is risky.

Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't know, but the bastard's position is getting tighter and tighter.

My second and third judgments were that it could threaten my position.

But Louise von Schwarz shook her head.

"It's the same whether we come back as heroes or are treated like heroes. We're all part of the same system, the Alliance. No matter how far apart you are, as long as you're part of the same system, there's nothing to be gained by being far apart."

"......."

"......."

"We'll take what we can get. By bringing the youngest to our side, the High Command will be able to use Heinrich in future operations only with the consent of the Schwarz family. Don't you realize what that means?"

The youngest, who has become too influential to be shooed away with the word bastard.

"If you're useful, it doesn't matter where you come from or what your background is. Just think about after the war."

"If after......."

Louise von Schwarz's cold gaze shines.

"Do you think the empire will ever be an empire?"

"!"

"What, sister?"

The brothers' faces hardened at the taboo word.

"There will be an empire."

A smile tugged at Louise von Schwarz's lips.

"But there's no law that says the masters of the empire must always be the House of Gradias."

"But in this situation, Heinrich von Schwarz's being a student at Temple is only a testament to the power of the Empire."

"You're treated like an empire-builder."

"Heinrich must be honored. In this county of Cernstadt, you must raise a major in the name of the House of Schwarz."

"Why should I give up a major to the Empire when I can get one?"

"How long will you be content to live in the shadow of the First Reich?"

"Where is the law that says the House of Schwarz can't be the House of Schwarz?"

"Now that the Empire is weaker than ever, why shouldn't we think about what happens after it's all over, if they're thinking about it?"

"It takes a family like that to turn the Schwarzes into the Huangs." ....... Yes. Bastard."

The words "don't take it out" come from the mouth of Louise von Schwarz.

"If a bastard can help, so be it. I mean, is it time to put personal agendas on a board that even the bastard's bastard has to pick up and write on?"

At Louise's words, Alphonse and German's expressions changed.

In this situation, Louise von Schwarz is trying to bring down the Imperial House of Gradias after the war.

Cernstadt takes over.

Taking delivery of Heinrich von Schwarz's recruits is just the beginning.

"But my sister....... The military and the people's support for the youngest......."

"After the war is over....... might be too big for us to touch."

In the eyes of the two brothers, Louise von Schwarz reads the fear of an undetermined future.

As much as the brothers dislike Heinrich, they are afraid of him.

"You said you'd use it. Did you say you'd be with me all the way?"

Eldest daughter.

Louise von Schwarz shook her head as if to say not to worry.

"Epics about heroes are always written after they've laid their bodies on the cold ground."

Alfons and German held their breath as their eldest daughter's cold expression told them that everything was in the calculations.



* * *



Saviolin Tana, in charge of the vanguard, sat on her horse and watched the scene unfold.

"I don't think this is an operational area."

Saviolin Tana and her troops were silent, taking in the sights around them from the high ground.

It's the job of the Saviolin Tana to wait for the next advance, check out the monstrous hordes, plants, and clusters in front of them, and if they can strike, they strike and kill.

Ellen had a similar role, but she was now deployed to another theater of operations.

So where Saviolin Tana is now, it's an undeveloped area that was never declared an Allied zone of operations, and no troops were ever sent there.

"......."

But what Savior Tana saw in the silence was the corpses of the monsters strewn across the field, as if someone had already swept them away.

The monsters here shouldn't have been slaughtered, but their carcasses were strewn about as if a wave had swept them away.

A few monsters were seen coming and going, but it is believed that they were brought in from other locations.

"Someone other than us....... We've already swept through this once......."

Saviolin Tana and the rest of the troop had a hunch that something very strange had happened.

"Returning to garrison. We'll need to do some more checking."

Though she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, Saviolin Tana could only guess at the source of the mysterious reinforcements.

Around the same time, the vanguard, led by Ellen, was facing the same sight.

Recon and color. And extermination when possible.

The original instructions were to retreat and bring in a larger force if the enemy outnumbered you, but since being able to tap into Rafelt's power, Ellen has been able to annihilate most of the enemies she encounters.

Even the troops were barely able to exert themselves.

Sweep with flames once, and slash with Voidblade at enemies that don't die from the flames.

I've yet to meet an enemy that didn't get killed by a Voidblade.

But once she broke through the limitations of only being able to fight in melee, Ellen was able to do something similar to a one-man army.

"......."

Ellen and her troops were looking at the remnants of a horde of monsters that had already been slain, just as Savior Tana's troops had seen.

Burned to death, dismembered by something, or blown to pieces.

The different modalities of death suggested that this was not a single actor, but multiple.

The monsters have already been organized by a mysterious force that cannot be identified but can use multiple classes of power.

"It looks like the monsters from all over the area have been swept away - not that they aren't there, but the numbers are extremely low, so I'm guessing they've been brought in from other places since then."

"......Yes."

After confirming that there were no monsters in the area, the troops who had scouted in all directions returned and told the same story.

The monsters in the area around the planned march route have been wiped out.

There are monsters, but they are believed to have emerged from other areas after the wipeout.

We have unidentified collaborators.

Ellen holds the necklace in her left hand and stares at the scene.

'Line....... Reinhard.......'

Ellen thought she knew who it was.

Ellen grabs hold of her fading mind.

Just thinking about the name makes my head spin with anger and hatred.

That's not a cursed name.

Every time she thought about the devil and Reinhardt, Ellen felt as if the negative emotions were eating away at her every cell in her body.

There were times when I lost my mind.

But it's not like you're going to pass out and collapse.

Instead of collapsing, Ellen's body is taken over by someone else, as if someone has taken control of her body for a moment.

It doesn't do anything weird.

She's just like Ellen, going through the motions, hunting monsters, and being controlled by the military.

It's just that it's not Ellen.

Someone is in control of my body.

The cycles weren't very frequent yet, but Ellen was secretly confident that they would become more frequent.

Clutching the necklace tightly in her left hand, Ellen looks out over the plain where the monsters were slaughtered.

"Let's go back."

Ellen turned the horse's head.

Some of us already had a hunch about the truth of this unknown situation.

Of course.

'Is there......?'

Ellen wondered inwardly if the black, fluffy creature would be waiting for her when she returned to the garrison.

The spirits that hate demons, do not hate nor dislike small beasts.

As such, it didn't make me feel like my head was going to explode just thinking about it.

Something that isn't a pain just to think about.

It couldn't be a bad thing to have such a thing.

Of course, when Ellen returned to the Royal Class garrison, the black kitten was nowhere to be found.

It was unnecessarily sad, and Ellen was sullen for the rest of the day in a different way.



* * *



Upon returning to the garrison, Saviolin Tana shared the current situation with the General Command on a highly confidential basis.

The unknowns are paving the way.

Saviolin Tana did not add that it was believed to be a demonic force, for if it became known and spread through the garrison, it would only add to the chaos.

You don't want information to get out in a haphazard fashion, and you don't want to end up with terrified soldiers and commanders who think they're walking into a trap laid by the devil instead of accelerating their march.

If it becomes known that the Demon Army is cooperating, it will hinder the army's progress.

Keep it top secret, but if it's known, make sure it's known as if it's in the Allied interest.

After reporting to the General Headquarters about what was happening on the marching road, Saviolin Tana sought out someone.

Someone who can figure this out faster and more accurately than anyone else.

"Frontline reconnaissance......?"

"Yes, I need your power."

It was none other than Kono Lint, a teleportation powerhouse.





Episode 530.





Kono Lint's psychic abilities have mostly been used for life-saving purposes since the events of the Gate. While his powers have improved, he hasn't improved much as a person, and his personal combat skills are still not as good as those of a regular soldier.

But a superpower called spatial travel.

Kono Lint was able to move around without restriction, not only on his own, but also with someone else.

This doesn't necessarily mean you can't use Kono Lint's abilities for offense.

However, in order to kill the monster, there is a process that requires you to move "with" the monster, which has a mass of roughly 200 kilograms or less.

For example, by moving it to a very high altitude and then dropping it.

Of course, after suffering immensely from the barometric pressure, Kono Lint gave up on utilizing his powers offensively.

In the first place, Kono Lint is trying to capture a monster about the same size as himself, while Ellen Artorius or Heinrich wreak carnage.

As such, Kono Lint was tasked with rescuing survivors from the battlefield.

At this point, Lint's power was limited to pulling incapacitated soldiers out of large-scale combat situations and into rear areas.

It's more of a spell that can be used without casting, except for the ability to move through space.

Of course, you can't do anything close to intercontinental travel, but the number of uses covers the distance limitations.

Using continuous teleportation, Kono Lint can return to the Imperial Zodiacal Gradient in less than five minutes, which is already a long way away.

Scouts that can be deployed and retreated at any time, in any situation.

The instructions from Saviolin Tana are straightforward.

To see how many monsters along the marching path have been destroyed up to a certain point.

We've heard reports of unspecified forces opening up the Alliance's path of advance.

Since he's a psychic and doesn't need to cast, Kono Lint set off immediately.

-pot!

In less than a minute, Kono Lint was able to reach the point that Savior Tana and Ellen had reached.

"Unidentified forces......."

Kono Lint disappears once more, leaving a trail of slaughtered monsters in his wake.

I wonder how much it moved.

"......, eh?"

Not to mention the fact that you suddenly have to squint because your surroundings are overly bright.

-Pull!

"Ew, ew!"

I'm buried in a pile of snow.

Buried in a snowdrift, Kono Lint stood frozen, staring up at the sky.

"Ouch! It's cold!"

In the middle of what had become a snowfield, Kono Lint panicked and used spatial travel.

They don't have the ability to fly, but they can teleport through space.

You can't stop yourself from falling, but if you keep moving through the air, you can effectively float.

Of course, I don't use it much because the crash feels pretty awful.

In the air above it.

"What is this...... what is this.......?"

Kono Lint froze as he stared at the vast white expanse of land where he could see nothing but snow.



* * *



"Eyes?"

"Yes, sir. It was incredibly snowy. Unnaturally so."

It's a fairly large area, but it's almost certainly well beyond the area of a single city.

Savioline Tana narrowed her eyes at Kono Lint's report.

Kono Lint already had a full picture of how much snow had fallen and on what scale.

"It's not the season for snow, so it must be man-made......."

"Yes, maybe......."

"What about the monsters?"

"There were some that were alive, but I think they got buried in the snow and were pretty much wiped out."

"......Yes."

Snow has fallen over a vast area.

Tana stares at the range Kono Lint has marked on the map.

There is a top-level magic called Blizzard.

A large-scale weather-altering spell that summons a blizzard over an area.

But no spell can be cast on that scale. Unless you're a legendary dragon, there's no spell that can summon a blizzard at this range to bury monsters in snow and kill them.

Is it magic, or is it something else.

An army can only march so fast, and by the time they arrive, the snow will have melted.

With a dramatically reduced number of monsters to deal with as you march forward, the road ahead is easy.

Reinhardt's forces are helping the Allies advance.

Not only have the monsters been physically cleared out, but they've also caused a massive, unexplained weather event to clear out the horde.

The march will definitely be easier and faster.

"Is this....... What's going on?"

In response to Konorint's question, Saviolin Tana shakes her head.

"It doesn't do any good."

"Oh....... of course."

Reinhardt's name is almost taboo in this world.

The Devil is helping the Allies.

That's for sure.

"......."

If it becomes known that the Demon is helping the Alliance advance, it will only cause chaos in the garrison.

To those who do not believe in the Demon's good intentions, this phenomenon is seen as a pathway into the unknown horrors the Demon has designed for the Alliance.

Some, like Saviolin Tana, know they don't have to fear such help from the devil.

But what if this massive weather event happens in your garrison?

Humanity's strongest and last army.

When this army is gone, humanity will perish.

If so, the Devil could destroy humanity at any time.

Tana knows she doesn't have to fear the devil.

However, we have seen that the Demon has a power that should be feared.

If the devil thinks otherwise, humanity will always be gone.

'I shouldn't be afraid....... I'm sure you are.......'

Saviolin Tana presses her eyes shut and lets out a deep sigh.

'I'm so afraid.......'

Humanity exists because of the mercy of the Devil.

However, most of humanity hates demons.

The few who knew that the moment the Demon's mercy ceased to exist would be the end of humanity, they could only fear him more and more.



* * *



That's just the way cats are.

"One minute they're friendly, the next they're not. He'll disappear and reappear out of nowhere."

She explained.

A few days passed after the cat disappeared. Everyone was mourning.

Ellen wasn't the only one who was disappointed, as we all looked forward to seeing how the cat was doing when we got back to camp.

After getting a detailed picture of what was happening in the forward areas, the General Staff pushed back the march date by a few days.

But the horde of monsters had been all but slaughtered, so Ellen remained in the Royal Class garrison, with nothing to do.

The kitten that kept Royal Class buzzing for a day has scurried off somewhere.

Cats can disappear and appear out of nowhere.

It may be hiding somewhere in your luggage in your Royal Class garrison, or it may have moved on to another garrison.

The garrison is large, and finding a single black kitten can be a challenge.

It's ridiculous to go around looking for them like you own them when you've only had them for a day.

And she knows she's not in a position to do this to a single cat.

It's only one day.

It's ridiculous that I'm agonizing over a little beast I've only had for a day.

Do you like cute things?

Ellen thought to herself, but couldn't quite figure it out.

More importantly, I'm worried about the cat that went somewhere.

I don't think the little critters that can't jump up and down on a bed are going to be able to get around this garrison very well.

The thought of stepping on some blind foot sent shivers down my spine.

The blanket the cat had been sitting on in the restaurant awning was still there.

No one cleaned it up, hoping that the cat would come back and sit there at any moment, as Ellen did.

Ellen looks at the blanket and eats still.

"Do you want to see the cat?"

Christina, sitting across from me, asked.

My face says it all.

Ellen stares down at her plate of stew, muttering to herself.

Do you want to see it.

There's actually something else you want to see.

But just thinking about the name made my head spin.

I've taken over, so it should be fine.

That should be fine.

-chiying

"......."

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, wait. I'm getting dizzy and can't......."

Ellen breathed through the tinnitus that threatened to knock her out of consciousness. After a few breaths with her left hand clutching the necklace, she regained some sense of calm.

Feeling split in your emotions.

I've never been able to get used to the strange pain of feeling hatred, anger, and attachment all at the same time, and the tug-of-war between them.

I try not to think about Reinhardt, even consciously.

It became a name that hurt Ellen physically, mentally, and spiritually.

I'd rather think of something else.

It's too small and insignificant.

It's better to think about something that doesn't seem to mean anything.

Because thinking about Reinhardt doesn't make it better.

Because it only hurts more.

"...... looks weird."

"What?"

"It's just, it's an animal."

I can't help but think it's weird.

"I'm worried."

On a battlefield where so many humans were in danger and actually dying, it felt strange to Ellen to be worried about a single animal, no matter how out of shape she was.

That night.

The image of the little cat sobbing, as if resonating with her own pain, was haunting.

It's an animal, but I don't think it's an animal.

How does it make sense to worry about an animal when you should be worrying about people first and foremost?

No, beyond worried.

It makes even less sense to be sad about it.

You didn't make a promise, and you don't know if she understood what you were saying. When you asked her to come back, you just said it, and there's no way she understood you.

It's weird to expect that from an animal.

"I'm worried too, where did we go with this little topic?"

Christina sighed heavily, as if she understood what Ellen was feeling.

Christina comforts Ellen, saying it's not that weird.

I can't run, and soon this garrison will be leaving, and I can't keep up with the march of this army with no one to look after me.

You can jump on any wagon, but if something goes wrong.

I know it's silly to worry about it, but I can't help it.

"By the way, I had a weird crush on Ellen."

"......."

"Do cats have eyes to recognize a warrior?"

"......No way."

"Is that so?"

Much to Ellen's chagrin, Royal Class was full of people talking about guests who came and went.

"By the way, Anna requested something weird for supply, didn't she?"

"Something weird......?"

"Yeah, I heard it's something that cats like, but I don't know what it is, and I'm not sure I want to put it on my research request distribution list. Maybe it's there, maybe it's not, but I've already sent a request and can't cancel it. Whoa......."

Gifted with dark magic, Anna is often sent into battle, but she spent quite a bit of time helping Christina with her alchemical experiments at the Temple.

That's why I still help Christina with her alchemy experiments when I have time.

But then she saw a cat the other day and added the item to her supply list.

It's the equivalent of military misconduct. It's never a good thing to do, even if it's not a big deal.

"......I don't think so."

Ellen even mumbled something like that.

"It's not the first time Anna has done something out of the ordinary. She's done it before....... Hmm."

Christina started to say something, then shut her mouth. Ellen thought she knew what Christina was about to say.

Something about the Magic Society. You tried to feed Reinhardt some kind of strange potion.

Ellen takes a deep breath and nibbles at the stew.

"Adelia's been pulling all-nighters, too, building cat houses and stuff. What does she do when she's not working? She doesn't seem to have any time to sleep these days."

"...... is it?"

"By the way, have you found anyone who's ever had a cat?"

"ah......."

Ellen is rather a sweetheart.

All of the royal classes were polarizing.

But then the cat disappears and is nowhere to be seen.

It's not a case of losing the cow and fixing the barn.

The cows aren't coming, and everyone is building barns.

-So it's better to be a dog than a cat?

-You're lucky you have a dog or cat. Are you going to cover up?

-Yes.

More students were upset than Ellen.

This is why you shouldn't have a cat, this is why dogs are better, and cute is still the best. Some say that dogs are cute enough.

Maybe it's sad that I can get so excited about one tiny thing in this dreary, stark place.

The reality behind it is that I can't find pleasure in anything else.

In the big story, there's despair and pain, and you never know who's going to die in the battle in front of you.

If you talk about heavy things, the mood will be heavy and you'll only hear doom and gloom.

So we're talking about the little things.

Cute, pathetic, and pitiful.

Something small that I know I can help and protect.

Because little beings can be taken care of with little effort.

It's easier to protect and feed a small animal than it is to save humanity.

That's why we're talking about small things.

In the midst of a rather cheerful conversation about a missing cat, Ellen realizes why it's the only thing people can talk about.

It's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy.

Stop thinking about things that are beyond your capabilities, and stop obsessing over small things.

Barely cute.

Are we paying attention to something that isn't even human.

If that's not defeatism, I don't know what is.

Ellen thinks she shouldn't. Other people might, but she shouldn't let her heart be captivated by such a small creature.

Because I need to do more.

You have bigger fish to fry than giving your heart to a small animal.

Because people have expectations of me.

Because there's work to be done.

It was just a weird thing that happened for one night. It remains a pretty exotic experience, but it doesn't have to be.

That's just the way cats are.

Something that comes out of nowhere and disappears just as quickly.

An animal with no loyalties and no feelings.

So when the fate of humanity is on the line, it's not your place to worry about a cat.

Ellen clears her throat and focuses her eyes.

"Not really, I don't mind if you don't come."

"That's a shame. I liked Ellen the best, though."

"What the heck, it's just an animal."

With that, Ellen scooped up a spoonful of stew.

-Uh-huh?

-Huh?! It's here!

-Where have you been!

Suddenly, there was a commotion outside.

"......? No way?"

Christina shakes her head at the commotion outside the tent.

-Delay!

Ellen jumped to her feet. There was a loud crash as the wooden chair she was sitting on gave way.

From afar.

The cat, who hadn't even walked yet, hopped like a bird.

The cat leapt like the wind and came all the way to the restaurant's awning, stopping in front of Ellen.

-Angel

"......."

Ellen stares down at the cat looking up at her.

Ellen cautiously squats down and looks at the cat.

"Really....... such an animal......."

Suddenly it's there, then it's gone.

Finally, it reappears.

Thinking it was a strange animal.

-Angel

Ellen held the cat in her arms.

I told him to come back.

I told him so, and he came back, albeit a few days later.

"Promise, kept."

-Angel

I wonder if it really understands me.

Now Ellen really didn't know what was what.

"You said you wouldn't mind if I didn't come."

"......."

At Christina's words, Ellen blushed a rare color.

This would be self-defeating.

That would be defeatism.

Even as she thought that, she couldn't help but hug the little cat tightly.





Episode 531.





The Allies advance again.

It was treated as a top secret by the General Headquarters that a group of presumed demonic troops were on the front lines of the march.

It was enough to say that this was also an allied endeavor.

By the time the Allies reached the location of the heavy snowfall, the snow that had covered the area had already melted.

"That's a little spooky."

"Sure."

"Can it be fall already......."

Soldiers passing through the area would only notice the slightly cooler temperatures, unaware that the area had been hit by a vast snowstorm.

The Allied troops, who had been moving slowly, were quickened by the sudden opening of the road. Hordes of monsters roamed the continent, but they were small enough to be dealt with by the Alliance's skirmishers alone.

The Allies advance, carrying an unidentified ally.

They soon crossed the border into Ryzeln, and saw that the small warp gate at the borderlands had already been destroyed.

After starting the march, we finally made it into the OP.

"In the assault on Sankerian, Cernstadt takes the right wing."

Louise von Schwarz's words are met with nods from Heinrich and other members of the Cernstadt royal family.

Heinrich von Schwarz was incorporated into the Cernstadt army.



* * *



Sankerian, a city near the Riseln border.

It wasn't a big city, but it was one of the main strongholds with two medium-sized warp gates.

The area around Sankerian is naturally infested with monsters, as is the area around the Gate, so the Allied forces preparing for the operation were meeting in a garrison quite a distance from Sankerian.

Warp gates are the fountains of fire from which monsters pour forth.

To reach the gate, you must advance while pushing back the monsters that infest the area.

When it gets to a certain distance, it will fire an all-out assault on the warp gate, causing it to collapse.

But smashing the warp gate isn't the end of the story. You'll also need to destroy the monsters the gate has already spawned.

Previously, this would have been accomplished by a detachment commanded by Savior Tana herself, who would break through, destroy the warp gate, and then escape.

However, the warp gate itself has become increasingly powerful, and the number of monsters pouring out of it has become overwhelming.

Destroying it in one fell swoop is now impossible.

Of course, this doesn't mean that warp gate destruction is impossible if you keep doing what you've been doing.

But that puts Savior Tana, as well as Archmages and Master Class Knights, which are very valuable powers, at great risk.

Most of these people are irreplaceable at this point.

If Saviolin Tana or Ellen Artorius were to be killed in such an operation, it would be more than demoralizing; it could make future shortstop battles impossible.

That's why the army was sent in.

To offset the irreplaceable with the death of the replaceable.

"In this operation, we will destroy the monsters on the Alliance's right flank. After the first wave of monsters are destroyed with artillery support from the rear, and the army advances and succeeds in reaching the outskirts of Sankerian, a detachment led by Ellen Artorius and Saviolin Tana is to enter the city."

Ruiz explains the plan she received from the General Command Center.

"Heinrich. You will be at the head of our force, taking out the monsters before the vanguard can advance."

"Yes, sister."

Heinrich nodded, his face serious.



* * *



It didn't matter what Heinrich's wishes were for his inclusion in the Cernstadt army.

Louise von Schwarz wanted to reorganize Heinrich's organization, and her rationale was clear.

Protection for immediate royalty.

The Empire had no reason to reject it, and they didn't exactly reject it.

Just denying it is already creating conflict.

Heinrich was also unable to appeal Louise von Schwarz's decision.

Your brothers will kill you.

I don't believe them.

But it's one thing to recognize it and quite another to not.

Moving into the Cernstadt command center and sharing the action with them, Heinrich felt like he was on his feet.

I can't quite put my finger on it, but for some reason, I've been living with this nagging feeling in the back of my head.

Up until now, the objective has been to advance the Allied forces.

But in the end, that's secondary.

Shortly before the Alliance's first warp gate destruction operation.

The garrison was buzzing with the tension of a unit preparing for a major battle.

It's not about hordes of monsters roaming the wilderness, it's about destroying the warp gates through which they pour.

If you start with the first mission and finish the mission by the last mission, the gate is over.

Heinrich looks out over the garrison with a mixture of fear, determination, and grit.

"Is there anything to worry about?"

"...... brother."

As Heinrich speaks nervously in front of the command barracks, his second brother, Alfons von Schwarz, approaches him with a smile.

-tuk-tuk

"With your powers, you'd wipe out monsters and everything. What are you worried about?"

"......Not exactly, there are plenty of monsters that don't burn."

"The others will take care of that. I don't know if I'll ever see you step up, let alone me or you."

Maybe I'm being too optimistic about the situation.

It's not a war to win, it's a war to survive.

Heinrich thought about it, but didn't say it out loud.

In Heinrich's opinion, his second brother wasn't taking the war very seriously.

Overconfidence in the power of the Allies.

He believed he would survive no matter what, as if it was a foregone conclusion.

So when you're done with the monsters, I'll just be the best man," I say with a hint of sarcasm.

There are plenty of people to die for.

The confidence in survival that comes from knowing that others will die for you.

Every time Heinrich looked at it, an unpleasant feeling rose in the pit of his stomach.

I didn't know my brothers very well.

But the side of the brothers I saw during my stay in the Cernstadt command barracks left much to be desired.

"The ability to simply sweep monsters away from their perch, that's a handy ability, isn't it?"

A smirk on Alfons' face as he drapes a hand over his shoulder.

I feel the mockery in his expression.

Because he's a superhero, he kills monsters and scores points without risk.

It was a clear disrespect, not because you're good, but because you're a superpower.

Seeing the sneer and contempt on his face, Heinrich nods.

Why do this.

Why this.

I wonder if he's deliberately saying things to upset me.

Heinrich is skeptical.

"That's right, brother."

"......?"

"Compared to Ellen or Lord Tana, I'm overly comfortable."

It wasn't the kind of thing that would provoke Heinrich, because that's what he was thinking in the first place.

Compared to those who had to fight, he was nothing more than a man who could slay monsters from a distance with his psychic powers. That's what Heinrich had always thought.

"......."

Alfons stares at Heinrich's face, who seems unmoved by the obvious sarcasm.

"Are you telling me you're a warrior or someone who can be compared to Savior Tana?"

"......It's not like that."

"My youngest....... is quite, quite an asshole, isn't he?"

"Asshole?"

"You've been hanging out with the Imperials and your arrogance is getting out of hand."

Even when you don't say it, they hear it.

Heinrich forgets what to say as he looks at Alfons, who takes his answer as sarcasm, even though he didn't mean it to be.

Brothers don't like themselves.

It's acceptable, but only to a point.

Heinrich could not help but realize now that his brothers hated him.

A childhood accident.

Ever since then, the brothers have looked at themselves as if they were bugs, and it's no different now, many years later.

Heinrich couldn't help but think so.

Heinrich saw a messenger rushing toward him.

"Breaking news!"

"......What is it?"

Alphonse asked as he approached the raggedly breathing messenger, "How did you get here in such a hurry?

"We have a report from our scouting unit that a tornado is currently developing in the area of our planned operation!"

"......tornado?"

Heinrich, as well as Alfons, could only shake their heads in disbelief.



* * *



-currrrrr

Even though I was quite a distance away, the fierce wind was whistling past my ears.

A tornado of epic proportions, visible in the distance, was sucking up monsters everywhere it passed and shooting them into the sky.

-Kurung! Kureng!

It's not just the fierce winds.

-Flash!

Inside the tornado, lights flashed dozens of times a second.

If you are sucked into a tornado, you will be torn apart by the wind and burned by a lightning strike.

Those monsters who cannot withstand the wind and rise to the sky will fall to the ground and die.

Liana Herriot, and me, Olivia, and Airi.

The five of us were taking preemptive action against Sankerian, the Alliance's target for this operation.

The monsters will continue to pour out of the gate, but reducing their numbers ahead of time will make the Alliance's job a little easier.

If you summon a blizzard like you did last time, you'll end up hurting your allies.

So this time, I chose to summon a tornado to wipe out the Sankerian.

Sure, it's outside of Sankerian, but it's a very important place.

-knowwhat!

-Huh!

Olivia had summoned the Death Knights and was holding back the monsters that were swarming toward us to buy time while Riana worked the weather change.

You're in the middle of a swarm of monsters.

-Crack!

Slicing, dicing, and slicing through the monsters caught in the auror blades of blue mana.

To protect Riana until she completes her mission.

That was our role.

Herriot also uses magic to deal with swarms of monsters, and Airi uses sleep magic to put them to sleep, but her own combat skills are top-notch.

-Currrrr!

I can't tell you how much time I've spent dealing with these waves of monsters.

We could all see another large storm developing in the exact opposite direction of the tornado.

A tornado with two bolts of lightning.

"That's it!"

At Riana's shout, I take a step forward.

-Quack!

A magical shockwave is generated, and the monsters swarming around me are knocked back and engulfed in flames.

"We are returning! Rally!"

At that, Olivia, myself, and Airi swarm over to Harriet, who is standing next to Riana.

You don't have to kill all the monsters.

The tornado that Riana summoned will do the work for us.

"I'm coming!"

The power cartridges around Herriot's neck glow, and he begins to glow blue as blue energy lines form all over his body.

Not as much as Redina.

But Herriot has mastered the art of using magic with very little casting.

Mass teleport.

-Flash!

We're out of the zone of operations.



* * *



"I wonder if we can manipulate the climate."

"......Yes."

Bertus nodded at Saviolin Tana's report.

Bertus, the supreme decision-maker of the Alliance, was also in garrison on the ecliptic, in anticipation of a very important operation.

The first maneuver.

That's why it's so important.

As the first step in a work on which the fate of mankind depends, the Emperor could only be sympathetic in this situation.

Bertus has already been briefed on the situation.

I'm guessing it's the same magic used by Herriot de Saint-Etienne and the Vampire Lords.

But this time it wasn't a blizzard, it was a report of a tornado.

Snow and tornadoes.

"It's not magic, it's Riana's superpowers......."

"I wouldn't rule that out as a possibility."

We don't know how it happened, but it's a weather event that's just too big.

We don't know if it's magic or superpowers.

However, a major weather event has hit Senkerian.

This is definitely good news.

The Alliance has no mages or psychics capable of wreaking havoc on that scale.

At the gate, monsters continue to appear.

But for now, the tornado is cleaning up the monsters.

Obviously, you can't march into a sanctuary, which would have been a living hell by now.

"When the tornadoes die down, we move in as fast as we can."

You can't always count on the devil's help. Therefore, Reinhardt's help should not be included in your operational expectations.

Somehow, though, Bertus had a hunch that this help would continue until the gate crisis was completely over.

'I don't know if I qualify for help.......'

Bertus covered his face with both hands and sighed heavily.

It's your first big operation, and a tornado is sweeping through the area slated for battle.

It's likely that your efforts to capture Senkerian will end up being pretty futile.

However, if one day the devil and the empire are destined to go to war with each other, what happens then?

After the Gate debacle, isn't this the end of the human race?

Bertus was already feeling the exact same kind of fear that Savior Tana felt.

"By the way, Ellen's status is....... ?"

"......."

At Bertus's question, Saviolin Tana's complexion turned a bit peculiar.

"Well, if you're asking about the status....... It's certainly not great, but I don't think it's getting any worse."

"......That's great, that necklace the Detomorian gave you is working?"

"I'm not sure about that, but......."

Saviolin Tana had a strange look on her face, as if she was embarrassed to say something.

"I recently got a cat from....... with a cat."

"......cat?"

"Yeah, I don't know what it is, but it definitely seems to be working."

Bertus couldn't understand what the hell Savior Tana was talking about.

"Your Majesty, by the way, is 'that weapon' available for this operation?"

"ah......."

Bertus shook his head, as if he knew what Saviolin Tana was talking about.

"Not yet, I'm afraid. The Archduke and Adelia are pushing as hard as they can, but it's not a stable environment, and they seem to be having a lot of trouble. I've heard that it'll be finished before the year is out, but....... I don't really know what the outlook is."

"I see......."

"It would be nice if it was done sooner rather than later......."

On one side of Bertus's desk was a document titled "Plan for the Creation of Strategic Weapons through the Application of Horsepower Automated Machinery Integration and the Optimization of Power Stones".





Episode 532.





It was two days later when the tornadoes swept through the neighborhoods of Sankerian and subsided.

Before the monsters could pour out again and fill the empty plain, the Allies had already prepared to march.

Following the end of the weather event, the Allied forces immediately marched into Cencherion.

It was futile.

Divided into three large formations, the Allies attacked the tornado-swept and overgrown town of Sankerian from the east, south, and west.

It wasn't just the monsters that the tornado shrank.

The entire city had been smashed to pieces, and all the facades and rubble of the buildings where the monsters might have been hiding had been swept away.

The Allies would only have to deal with new monsters emerging from cities that had already fallen, or powerful monsters that had survived tornadoes.

And there weren't many of those powerful monsters, and they were swept away like leaves in the wind by the master class of combatants at the forefront.

With three warp gates, Senkerian was never going to be a place with a small number of monsters.

However, they paled in comparison to the size of the Allied forces.

The massive weapons they had brought with them were set up, but they were unable to fire a single shot due to the rapidity with which they entered the city.

It didn't even need to be fired in the first place, as it was meant to be dropped amongst a large group of monsters and wreak havoc.

There was no point in firing on an already decimated group, and there was a greater risk of friendly fire.

The first Allied offensive was over in less than half a day.

A squad led by Ellen Artorius, with two medium-sized warp gates.

One of the large warp gates was destroyed by Saviolin Tana after she smashed through the barrier, ending the battle for Senkerian.

It was a deceptively easy capture.

Allied casualties were less than a hundred.

Casualties, not deaths.

This was because the number of monsters had been drastically reduced, allowing the best and brightest to enter the scene quickly and hit the warp gate.

-grunt

Ellen sheathed her Voidblade as she stared at the remains of the collapsed warp gate.

Of course, breaking down the gate isn't the end of the story. There's still the task of exterminating the surviving monsters, but they're few and far between.

"Operation is over. Thank you for your service."

"It's ......."

Ellen nodded in agreement.

The operation was successful.

Fewer casualties.

Ellen has some intuition as to whose help it was.

Ellen holds the necklace still and steadies her breathing.

When you get home, you'll be cuddling and petting your cat.

I'm going to say that everything worked out better than I expected.

I want it to be like this, and I want it to be like this for the rest of my life.

Of course, that's only possible if you have a cat in your garrison that can sneak away and come back.



* * *



The Allies succeeded in capturing Senkerian.

The Allied Command knew that the timing of the massive natural disaster was no coincidence.

Much of the Allied command, with the exception of the Supreme Command, believed it was an imperial surplus.

It was deceptively easy, but I'd call it a triumph.

First win since starting.

Starting with this, repair all the small, medium, and large cities in Regeln, as well as the capital region, and the gate crisis will be over.

There's still a long way to go.

But there's no reason not to celebrate this first victory.

After clearing out the neighborhood of Sankerian, a banquet was held at the garrison.

There were very few casualties in a battle where a huge number of casualties were expected, so why shouldn't we celebrate that?

Not too much, but the emperor allowed a certain amount of drinking.

The garrison was filled with songs sung by soldiers wishing for a complete end to the war, peace, and the death of the demon.

It was only natural that such a banquet would be held within the Royal Class garrison.

Those who could, took a drink or two, while Lanyon Sessor drunkenly bounced his instrument.

Of course, I'm not that good, so even in my drunken stupor, my playing was inaccurate but fun.

-Ahhhhhh!

The Allies had fought many battles, but this was the first time they could claim a victory.

So it was no wonder that the students were drunk on their own sense of victory.

To keep their senses sharp, or perhaps because they don't think this is a true victory yet, some of them listened to the victory song without letting it dampen their spirits, at least for today.

The Allied lines are stirring.

Not everyone was drunk, of course, but everyone was enjoying the banquet in their own way.

A corner of the Royal Class Garrison ballroom.

-ehhhh

Some of the students were watching a black kitten waddle around on a pile of green leaves.

"This....... Is it okay?"

Ellen's worried gaze alternated between the purring cat and Anna de Guerna, who had brought the unidentified leaves.

"He's fine......."

-ehhh

The cat was curled up in a ball, sniffing the leaves as if he were drunk on something.

Disappearing into thin air, as they always do, the Black Cats sought out the Royal Class garrison after the occupation of Senkerian ended.

The Royal Class students had gotten used to the cat disappearing for a few days, then reappearing, then disappearing for a few days again.

Now everyone was thinking that if they disappeared for a week, they would come back at some point.

But this time, Anna de Gerna laid down some leaves and put the cat on top of them, scaring the cat away.

It's been like this ever since.

Wandering.

Scarlett, Christina, Adelia, and the rest of the Royal Class watched the cat curl up into a ball as if it were drunk.

It sounds like something dangerous, but Anna says it's not.

"Is this what you put on the supply list last time?"

"Yeah....... catnip."

I realized I'd put something weird in the supply list for an important alchemical reagent.

"Deals like drugs for cats......."

"!"

-En

Anna's words startled Ellen, who scooped up the cat purring on a catnip leaf and glared at Anna.

What have you done to my child?

I could read the thought in his eyes.

"Drugs......?"

"It's just a word, not a real drug."

"......really?"

The other senior nodded.

"Yeah, it's not bad for you, I know that."

"......."

-Enter

The cat was still slumped over, still purring. He was not fully awake, like he was drunk, but he certainly looked good, for better or worse.

Ellen nervously placed the black cat back on the pile of leaves.

-Yes

The cat began to curl up on the catnip leaves again.

Of course, only you know what the distraught cat is screaming inside.



* * *



A banquet was also being held in the barracks area of the Cernstadt military headquarters.

A hearty meal is set on the table and the victory of the operation is celebrated.

"At this rate, it won't be long before the gate crisis is over, will it?"

"This is way too easy, I don't know why I haven't done this before."

"I don't know why we needed to organize such a large army if it was only going to be this much."

"When this war is over, every last one of those who fought will have gone down in history."

Heinrich listened as the commanders talked amongst themselves.

Alfons, Ruiz, and German were seated next to each other in an obviously formal setting, with Heinrich sitting next to German.

But Heinrich is clearly distant.

"Sister, how far away is the next operational area?"

"They said it's about a week away."

"That's pretty close."

"But it's only a small town. It should be a little easier than this operation. Apparently there's only one small gate, so a shortstop may be all that's needed."

German von Schwarz was talking to Louise with his back to her.

They're clearly turning away.

But Heinrich is not one to be ignored.

"Prince Heinrich doesn't drink, does he?"

One of the commanders, already looking a little drunk, asked from a distance.

"Oh....... I don't really enjoy it."

"Still, on a day like today, shouldn't you have a drink?"

"One drink, maybe......."

"To the Prince!"

He shouts, and the others raise their glasses to drink.

Heinrich reluctantly drank a little of the wine in his glass.

Heinrich doesn't know much about the structure of Cernstadt County.

She follows the orders of her commander, Louise von Schwarz, but she doesn't know the military structure, the hierarchy of commanders, or even their names.

But in the special circumstances of wartime, Heinrich von Schwarz's stature could never be lowered, as he always led from the front and swept away his enemies.

Whoever kills the most enemies has saved those who should have died fighting those monsters.

Regardless of what the royalty sitting on the sidelines think of him, Heinrich has the support of the overwhelming majority of his soldiers and commanders.

Heinrich could feel Alfons, German, and Ruiz's faces harden, though they didn't show it.

The rolling stone is getting bigger and bigger.

Heinrich now understood that it was inevitable that the embedded stone would feel threatened.

But why.

Why this.

I wonder if he thinks he's an eyesore.

"The youngest."

"......Yes, sister."

"You must be exhausted. Go inside and get some rest."

Why.

It's not a very pleasant banquet, but I wonder if they're kicking me out like I don't deserve to be sitting here.

Why do I hate the youngest prince's ode to dance so much?

Why.

I can't believe you hate me this much.

"Yes, sister."

Heinrich swallowed hard at the stirring in his chest and left the barracks where the banquet was being held.

The departing commanders sent words of encouragement to Heinrich von Schwarz, the hero of the Cernstadt army, telling him to make himself at home and rest.

In that nauseating scene of simultaneous praise and command, Heinrich had to get out.

Nightfall Garrison.

There's a banquet going on, and I'll be around for a few days in the name of relaxation, but I'll be leaving soon.

Soldiers could be seen eating and drinking in banquet halls and throughout the garrison.

It's not fun in a ballroom, it's suffocating.

I have a couple of days.

As he watched the soldiers carry food and drink, Heinrich moved toward them.

"Ouch, Prince!"

"Excuse me."

Heinrich took a bottle from a crate of wine that was being carried into the ballroom.



* * *



Alcohol.

The first time I drank it was at Liana de Granz's mansion.

After hearing that Riana had been electrocuted for lying, he realized he had no control over his drinking.

Sure, things were a little weird back then for a lot of reasons.

With a bad first memory, Heinrich didn't bother looking for alcohol.

But I'm an adult now, and no one is going to judge me if I drink.

Of course, Heinrich can't drink alcohol after he reaches the age of majority, so it's his first drink since that day.

In his barracks, slumped in a chair and without a glass, Heinrich gulps down the wine.

Is the original sin of the past as great as this?

It's bound to be big.

You're still doing the best you can in your position.

It was a long time ago, a long time ago that I don't even remember.

The brothers still can't forgive themselves.

It's just a perpetual nuisance.

"Whoa......."

Heinrich can't tell the difference between the wines because alcohol is not his hobby.

However, there was a certain amount of off-flavors that made me realize that this wine was not a commodity.

The Empire still has money to spare, but not much, and the state of the wine in the command barracks indicated that.

Heinrich knows this was too easy.

It was strangely easy.

If we continue to defeat gates with such weird ease, we'll soon see a complete end to the gate crisis.

If so, then.

What happens next.

There are plenty of commanders and soldiers who overly heroize themselves.

Back in Cernstadt, the soldiers will talk about the youngest prince's greatness, and songs will be written about him.

Brothers who hate themselves will hear the youngest's song echoing through the homeland.

Your brothers will kill you.

"Hmph....... 흐......."

Heinrich now realized that the words weren't exactly empty.

I can see it from the side.

Seeing brothers who strangely dislike themselves made me realize that it might happen enough.

They're brothers, after all.

"......."

No matter how hard I tried to push it away, I couldn't help but let it creep in.

Heinrich doesn't know much about politics.

They don't know family.

That's why I don't know why I hate my family so much that I want to kill them.

If you don't know love, you don't know hate.

You can't remember something you've never eaten, so you can't hate it, right?

Heinrich is just frustrated.

Why do you hate me so much.

Are you really trying to kill me.

Heinrich gulps down the rest of his wine and rises from his seat.

If you don't know something, ask.

If you're not sure, ask someone who does.

Heinrich von Schwarz is courageous.

I don't know politics, so I need to find someone who does.

On a whim, Heinrich tries to find someone he hasn't seen in a long time.

Bertus de Gradias.

They're obviously going to stay in the garrison.





Episode 533.





The garrison was in the midst of a banquet, and naturally, so was the General Headquarters barracks, where Bertus was in charge.

Ellen Artorius was also invited to a banquet at the General Headquarters, but she declined, saying she would rather rest in her barracks. Of course, she was playing with her cat.

Heinrich clearly has the right to meet the emperor, who is presiding over the banquet.

Temple had already become a household name, but he was also a classmate of the Emperor and a very important part of the Alliance's power structure.

When Heinrich requested an audience, Bertus slipped out of the banquet hall and let Heinrich into the barracks he used when he came to the garrison.

"Have you been drinking? Well, it's the day, so of course you've been drinking......."

At Bertus' words, Heinrich nodded as he knelt before Bertus.

"Yes Your Majesty, a little......."

"Make yourself comfortable, there's only two of us in the yard anyway."

"......I think so."

"Sit."

Heinrich was replaced by Bertus in the authority seat.

The emperor is coming.

The emperor is the emperor, no matter how much damage is done to humanity.

Heinrich found it quite amazing that he could summon the Emperor with a word and sit down with him.

In that sense, the Temple days are even more curious.

Bertus uncorked the bottle of wine and poured it into the goblet in front of Heinrich, then poured himself a glass.

"It's a nice day, so I don't see any reason why you and I can't have a drink, and it looks like we already have one."

"......Thanks."

Heinrich took a sip of the wine the Emperor had poured for him and smiled bitterly.

It was a yawning wine, not unlike the wine that arrived at the Cernstadt military headquarters.

Is this all the emperor can drink now?

Bertus took a sip of his wine and let out a long sigh.

"It would be nice if it stayed that way."

"Sure."

Bertus's gaze, like a distant mountain view, was staring at nothing.

Just like today.

It would be nice if all future battles were like today.

But we all know we can't.

It wasn't a big city with a giant warp gate, which would have caused a different kind of damage.

The overly easy first operation may have caused the Allies to relax.

But Heinrich isn't in a position to worry about that.

Fight where you're told to fight. Other than that, I didn't pay much attention to the weird stuff.

It's presumptuous to go beyond what you can do.

Heinrich is a bit more on topic now than he used to be.

Of course, I did do something pretty presumptuous today: call the emperor.

"So, you didn't ask to see me because you haven't seen my face in a while."

"......."

"Do you have any questions?"

Bertus said so, wondering if Heinrich had come for something else, but Heinrich shook his head.

"There's a problem I'm not sure about....... I thought you might know."

"A problem?"

"What would you do if you were me?"

"Hmm?"

Bertus shook his head at the out-of-the-blue question.

"That's so abstract, I'm not sure what you're asking."

"So if you were me, in my situation, I'd say......."

I don't even dare mention the details because I'm cursing myself for even mentioning it.

So I could only say vague things.

Bertus is smart, he's the emperor, he knows politics.

I figured just thinking about it might give me an answer I didn't know.

"If you were in my situation right now....... What do you think is the best thing for me to do....... best option?"

His brothers hate him.

But his position will grow, and that has nothing to do with Heinrich's intentions.

This unintended revelation is about to explode, and you don't know what to do. All you know is that if you stay in Cernstadt County, or if you don't, you're in trouble.

This can only be answered by assuming that Bertus knows Heinrich's position and the inner workings of the Cernstadt royal family.

“나는 이런 거 모르고, 뭘 어떻게 하는 게 정답인지 모르겠어. 뭘 해도 문제일 것 같고, 무슨 선택을 해도 문제만 생길 것 같아. 그래서 이런 걸 잘 아는 사람은 내 주변에 떠오르는 건 너밖에 없으니까……. So......."

That's why I was so rude.

Heinrich added in a small voice.

"Well......."

Bertus rolls the red liquid around in his wine glass, pondering.

Bertus had already realized what Heinrich was asking.

"Your sister, who transferred you to the Cernstadt army....... You do realize what Louise von Schwarz's actions mean, don't you?"

"A little, very little."

"Yeah, I'm not going to be at the mercy of the General Command. No, I'd rather have something to hold onto, something to wield."

Heinrich knew that.

"It's ridiculous that we're already talking about after the war, but....... You are bound to become a very important person in Cernstadt or in the House of Schwarz in any case, it's a natural progression."

"......Yes."

"I don't know what you should do, first of all, because I don't know what you want. I don't know what you should do, but I think I have a pretty good idea of what's going to happen to you."

"What's going to happen to me....... happen to me?"

"Yeah."

Bertus stares at Heinrich and takes a sip of wine.

"Your brothers are probably trying to kill you, whether it's during the war or after the war."

Heinrich's eyes widened at Bertus' words.

Heinrich doesn't know who sent the letter, but he knows it wasn't Bertus.

But Bertus gives the same answer as the mysterious letter.

"Why on earth would....... What did I, what did I do so wrong? I'm......."

"Heinrich. Don't be angry, listen."

Bertus finishes his wine, blows out a hot breath, and stares at Heinrich.

"You are, possibly, illegitimate."

What Charlotte de Gradias knows, Bertus de Gradias knows.

Heinrich's eyes widened at the words, and he could only stare blankly into Bertus' eyes.

"Nonsense....... Nonsense....... lie. Don't lie."

Heinrich, therefore, had no choice but to deny Bertus's cruel suspicions with a quivering lip.

"I said it's a possibility, not a fact."

"Yeah, I mean, I didn't come to you to hear that nonsense......."

"You know that."

Bertus says with a stern look.

"If this is true, it explains why you were hated."

"......."

More than a little hatred, contempt, and disdain.

It's just a possibility, but if it's true, it makes a lot of sense and makes your situation make sense.

Heinrich could only stare blankly into his glass.



* * *



Heinrich staggered out of the General Headquarters barracks.

Bastard.

A word I'd never thought of before in my life was stuck in my head and wouldn't go away.

Bertus said this is a possibility, not a fact.

But Heinrich felt like a puzzle was coming together in his head.

Why, as a child I don't remember, I awakened to a superpower that manifests itself in times of intense stress.

Why, in those early years his brothers died in the flames he created.

Why he had to go to the Temple and not the Royal Academy in Cernstadt at the age of eight.

Why, even now, I look at my youngest, who is becoming a war hero, as if he were an abomination, and I try to ignore and despise him.

It wasn't an accident, it was a childhood murder you didn't know about.

It's just that the idea of an illegitimate son becoming a key figure in the Schwarz family is so unpalatable, and even more so because he's a double-crosser.

If so, why.

I'd rather kill them when they cause such an accident.

Why bother saving it and banishing it to the temple.

The cold stares of my siblings and parents, the memories of my childhood that I don't even remember, came flooding back to me.

Maybe I wasn't hated after the accident, I was always hated.

No, it was the hatred of his brothers that made him a psychic.

I wonder if the root of my powers is the abuse of my siblings, dating back to a time I can't remember.

Staggering back to the Cernstadt barracks, Heinrich walks through the noisy Allied zone.

As he approached the Cernstadt military garrison, he could hear Heinrich calling out to him, saluting and cheering him on.

Normally he would have smiled and waved, but Heinrich didn't have the energy right now.

'Then....... What should I do?

If you are certain that you are an illegitimate child, it is likely that your brothers in the House of Schwarz are trying to kill you.

It's bound to happen after a war, and there's no guarantee it won't happen during a war.

"If you want me to protect you, I can do that.

Bertus said to Heinrich.

"But I'm bringing in a recruit from Louise von Schwarz, so she'll probably resent it, because I'm arbitrarily overturning something she's made clear she wants to do.

"Yeah......?

"They're probably going to be suspicious of my intentions, and rightfully so, because you're a war hero, and the symbolism of your existence is going to be just as big, if not bigger, than Ellen's, and they're going to say I'm trying to use you to do something nefarious, and that's what they're going to say even if I don't actually have that intention, and I'm going to give them the excuse that I'm interfering in their internal affairs.

You can be protected by the emperor.

But that puts a pretty big burden on the emperor's shoulders.

"And I'm pretty sure it's going to put your life in more danger.

'......Yes, I guess so.'

'That doesn't make it easy to stay in Cernstadt County. You're in constant danger....... 'But to remain in the Temple garrison of your own volition is to invite suspicion that you have ulterior motives....... 'Hmmm. That's complicated.'

Bastard.

If that's true, then Heinrich will die either way.

His brothers are trying to kill him.

You will die even if you are protected by the Emperor, and you will die if you remain in Cernstadt's army.

As long as he is part of this coalition, and as long as Heinrich's dance remains as it is, it is self-evident that one day his brothers will try to murder him.

'I then get....... What should I do?

"Heinrich.

"Uh.

"It's a no-brainer, right?

Bertus shrugs.

"To live, you must kill.

'.......'

"We're killing monsters because we want to live, what's the difference between that and this?

'.......'

'Of course, it would be chaos if all the Cernstadt royals died except for you, and I don't want that, because chaos in the Alliance would be almost as bad as your death.'

If Heinrich kills the royal family's enemies who want him dead in order to stay alive, it will cause great chaos in the alliance.

"But you have to do something to survive, no matter what it is.

Bertus said he couldn't help Heinrich save himself, but he could keep his mouth shut. That's what he said.

Even this army is a collection of humanity's will to live.

So, Heinrich has to do something if he wants to live.

You really are a bastard.

As the mysterious letter said, and as Bertus predicted.

Do my brothers really want to kill me.

Does that mean you have to kill your brothers to live?

I don't like being killed, and I don't like killing.

All I wanted was to be treated like a brother.

It's the way things are.

I don't think that's the only reason this should happen.

Heinrich walked aimlessly until he reached the barracks of the Cernstadt military headquarters.

The banquet was still in full swing, and there was a lot of chatter coming from inside the ballroom marquee.

I don't want to see the people in there. Whoever they are.

Heinrich went around the back of the barracks to his tent.

We don't know what we're going to do next.

I'm not sure what to do yet, so I'm not going to do anything.

In fact, I'm starting to think I might as well have been killed.

"......Where have you been?"

But at the back of the barracks, Heinrich heard a voice calling out to him, and he couldn't help but turn around.

"...... brother."

Eldest son and second in line to the throne of the House of Schwarz.

German von Schwarz. And his second son, Alfons von Schwarz.

They were talking outside the barracks, whether to get some air or to catch up.

Alphonse was a man of his word, but in the case of German von Schwarz, he treated him as if he were not there.

"I've been to....... to the barracks."

"......What have you been up to?"

German's question sounded like an interrogation.

Because it's illegitimate.

Is it because I'm an illegitimate child?

Is it because I'm a half-breed that I'm always being asked the hard questions.

Is he always looking at himself with that dry, hard look because he's the worst of the bunch and he has to admit that the worst of the bunch is his family.

Ignore one, despise the other.

"I went to visit a friend."

"When you say friend, who are you talking about?"

"Who else but the Emperor?"

Ivia and Bertus were the only ones who deserved to be called to the Temple garrison and the General Headquarters barracks.

At the casual mention of the word emperor, Alfons von Schwarz begins to chuckle.

"Wow, my little guy is amazing. You think you're friends with the emperor?"

Heinrich rolled his eyes at the blatant sarcasm.

"I don't think so, but His Majesty the Emperor seems to think so."

"......Huh."

Alfons's expression hardened at Heinrich's disapproving comment.

Just as I hadn't expected Heinrich, who was always a silent listener, to speak in this way.

"You're being arrogant, youngest."

German von Schwarz said.

"While you are an important power, you are by nature a member of the House of Schwarz. You claim to be a friend, but your decision to seek out the Emperor personally should be made after consultation with me or your sister."

This means reporting every single step.

When you're a member of the Schwarz family, every move you make can have political implications.

That's true in and of itself.

But is this the only time we're brothers?

And I'm on my way to find out if you're trying to kill me, and I'm wondering if I can talk to you about that.

"Do not act frivolously. Even on the best of days, you're royalty, and you're supposed to behave like it. If you don't want to create unnecessary misunderstandings, refrain from these things."

Misconception.

What a misunderstanding.

You're the one who's wary of your unthinking self.

German's cold words and Alfons' sneering demeanor.

As if they were done talking, they turned away from Heinrich altogether.

You've been drinking.

And Heinrich wanted to know.

Heinrich looks at his brothers with a stern expression.

"Brothers."

"There's nothing more to say. Listen......."

"Am I illegitimate?"

"!"

"What?"

He wanted to see if the possibilities he'd heard about were true.





Episode 534.





Am I a bastard?

After Heinrich's bombshell question, the brothers were silent for a long time, wide-eyed.

Then, German von Schwarz slowly approaches Heinrich and looks down at him through narrowed eyes.

"Where did you hear such an unbelievable story, did the emperor say that?"

If the source of the information was the Emperor, he would have gone straight to the Allied General Headquarters to argue.

Heinrich knew that what he was saying was a big deal, and that it wasn't the kind of thing you'd say inside the Cernstadt military garrison.

But the frustration and sadness was too much to bear without speaking up.

"The way my brothers treat me, I doubt that's the case."

"No, I can only suspect."

"Is it so wrong to ask for a warm word?"

"But no matter what I do. No matter what major I get, no matter what I do, you always treat me like this, so I don't know if I'm even your blood......."

-Bam!

Before he could finish, German von Schwarz caught Heinrich's blow.

"There's a time and a place for everything."

German's eyes burned with anger.

"Do you really think this is the right place to discuss such a topic?"

The barracks of the Cernstadt military command center, where a banquet is being held.

Bringing up the subject of illegitimacy when there might be an ear listening somewhere is a very dangerous and stupid thing to do.

Moreover, the mere fact that the youngest prince, who now enjoys enormous support within the Cernstadt military, would bring up the subject of illegitimacy would in itself send shockwaves through the military. Whether it is true or not.

"I guess they didn't teach you this in your pompous temple......?"

Heinrich looked up to meet German's furious gaze.

"A temple is a place where you mix with the common people and do math, so how the hell are you going to learn this stuff?"

"......what?"

"And you can't say no, can you?"

German's expression froze at the coldness in Heinrich's tone.

"Brother, I'll just tell you."

"......."

"I think you noticed it yourself anyway."

Alfons, watching from the back, approaches Heinrich in his usual languid manner.

Then he whispers in Heinrich's ear.

To be heard by no one else, only by Heinrich.

"You are the youngest. You are a bastard."

"......."

"So, I hope you're on topic now."

Heinrich looks at Alfons von Schwarz with a stern expression.

"We're not supposed to be talking as equals, do you understand how uncomfortable and unpleasant this has been for us?"

"Now you see?"

"If you're ugly, I hate you for being ugly."

"If you're good, we don't want you to be good."

"I mean, don't give me that disgusting look where you're like, 'Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.'"

"Fundamentally different. Different. We're not brothers in the first place."

"Bastard Heinrich. Do you know your subject now?"

"Huh? Look at your eyes, asshole, what else are you going to do with your powers?"

"......."

"Are you going to kill me, like Kane and Samuel?"

"......what?"

Two royals who died in an accident.

When Alfons mentioned it, Heinrich felt something break inside of him.

As he was about to cross the line, German grabbed Alfons.

"Alphonse, stop, you're drunk."

"No, it's the look in his eyes."

But as if Heinrich's judgment was already skewed, Alfons approached Heinrich again, despite his brother's protests.

"Go for it, you filthy bastard, go for it, you're going to eat three royals because two wasn't enough?"

-Bang!

"Billion!"

But Alfons couldn't say any more.

German wasn't alone in his behavior.

Louise von Schwarz strode out of nowhere and slapped Alfons on the cheek.

"Nu, Nu......."

Alphonse's eyes flashed with terror, and he began to back away, hesitantly.

"You're talking about things that shouldn't be talked about, in places that shouldn't be talked about, all three of you. You men of the House of Schwarz are doing this with no dignity or prestige."

German froze, just as Alfons had frozen in fear.

Louise's cool gaze.

The Swordmaster's intimidating presence took everyone's breath away.

Louise's words left everyone speechless. Even Alfons von Schwarz went white at her arrival.

But Heinrich was different.

Heinrich was looking straight at Louise von Schwarz.

"Do you have any dignity and prestige to protect for a bastard who is not even recognized by his brothers?"

"......what?"

Louise von Schwarz's brows narrowed at Heinrich's evil snarl.

"What do you mean, I don't have any body parts to protect?"

Alfons and German were horrified.

The rightful heir and eldest daughter of the royal family.

He was appalled to see Louise von Schwarz so openly disagreeing with him.

There's no dignity and honor to be had from a bastard.

Louise von Schwarz gives Heinrich a cold stare, as if to say that he hasn't been treated like royalty, but is expected to defend it when necessary.

"That's enough. There's no point in discussing this further. There will be a time, a day, a place to talk about this."

Louise tried to organize her thoughts, as if she didn't even want to talk about it.

"Is there ever a time for that?"

"......what?"

"I asked him if that time ever comes."

At Heinrich's words, Louise's expression turned even colder.

"Are you ever going to tell me that before this war is over, when I'm like this, like now, where everyone despises me as a bastard and doesn't even treat me like a human being. When are you going to tell me that, and when are you going to tell me that......."

"The youngest."

Louise, who interrupted Heinrich mid-sentence, grabbed him by the shoulders and said, "I'm sorry.

"Stop your bastardized behavior."

"......."

What a bastard wouldn't do.

The act of arguing with brothers near the command barracks over topics that should not be discussed.

Heinrich's eyes widened and his mouth dropped open at the thought of such a lowly thing, royalty or not.

It's a story that's bound to confuse everyone. I was telling a story in a place where I didn't want it to go viral, and where it could go viral if I got it wrong.

Only a bastard could do that.

The words pierced Heinrich's heart.

Louise looks back at Heinrich, who is frozen in place, as well as her other two brothers.

"Alcohol is good for you......."

Alcohol.

Something that doesn't usually happen, but did today.

"But it looks like it's bad for you, so don't eat it in the future."

With those words, Ruiz returned to the command barracks.

Neither German nor Alfons said anything more to Heinrich, and they returned to their barracks in silence.

Heinrich stood in place for a while, unable to move for long.



* * *



Late at night, after the banquet.

Not all the troops were asleep. Even in the midst of a feast, monsters could still be lurking in the neighborhood of Sankerian, and some were tasked with staying awake in the dead of night to keep watch.

After a slightly ominous disturbance, silence descended on the area around the Cernstadt command center barracks.

But inside was a barracks that was still unlit.

"Sister, shouldn't you use your hands?"

"I don't know where he got the idea that he was a bastard, but you can't let that happen."

Alfons and German visited the barracks of their commander, Ruiz, in the middle of the night.

Louise was sitting on the cot listening to the story.

"The youngest might try to kill us."

"It's kind of weird that they don't."

"Now that they know, they're not going to think of us as brothers, and they're definitely going to try to do something."

"So, if you knew your youngest was going to do something extreme, why did you confirm it?"

"What? That....... that......."

"Why did you all create a crisis by not being able to say we're brothers, when you could have just said no to such a stupid question and that would have been the end of it?"

Under Ruiz's gaze, both Alfons and German were speechless.

"A crisis? Yes, a crisis. A crisis because I can't say a few nice words to a blood relative who has the power to annihilate entire armies with a wave of his hand. You despise him, you look down on him, you turn a blind eye to him, and now you're in this mess."

Both Alfons and German were at a loss for words.

"Is not your folly already a crisis for the House of Schwarz?"

"......."

"......."

Heinrich wouldn't have felt the same way if you'd treated him warmly.

But it's just pride.

Pride, not wanting to be treated like a bastardized child, and feelings of inferiority.

That ruined the whole situation.

Heinrich von Schwarz learned that he was illegitimate, and that the people he wanted to believe were his brothers were actually perceiving him differently.

The current state of affairs in Cernstadt is that there is no telling what Heinrich might do.

As commander-in-chief, commander-in-chief, and heir to Cernstadt, Louise von Schwarz must take responsibility for the shenanigans of her two foolish brothers.

"The source of the information seems to be the emperor?"

"......Yes, sister."

"He told me he was meeting with the Emperor in the barracks at the General Headquarters, and it pisses me off that he's friends with the Emperor......."

Alphonse was about to add a useless limb, but Louise's glare shut him up.

Louise von Schwarz doesn't know what the Emperor and Heinrich were talking about.

But Heinrich, who had come to see the Emperor, was impatient and asked if I was illegitimate.

That alone is enough to tell us what you talked to the emperor about without hearing it.

"I need to see the emperor."

Louise's stern expression had the air of someone who could chew the emperor to pieces.

But regardless of where the clue came from, it was German and Alfons' direct answer that caused the immediate problem.

"Don't do anything stupid until you talk to me."

"Yes."

"Yes, sister."

You have to use your hands.

Heinrich and the Schwarzes crossed an irreversible river.

Louise's plan to use Heinrich to elevate and exploit the Cernstadt forces, and to have the Schwarzes take the place of the Imperial House of Gradias before and after the war, was ruined.

"I don't even want to look at you. Get out of my sight, both of you."

"......."

"......."

After a brief toast, Louise stared after the brothers as they left.

'Emperor.......'

Bertus de Gradias.

Luiz had never imagined that he would feel the emperor's influence in this way, in this place.

Schism in the House of Schwarz.

Rather, they were caught in the emperor's crossfire.

To be more precise, he took advantage of the other two brothers' stupidity and Heinrich's frivolity.

If frivolity and stupidity can be predicted after illegitimacy, is there anything the Schwarz family hasn't figured out about the Empire?

She couldn't get it out of her mind.



* * *



Heinrich was sitting on his barracks bed.

It was late at night, but I couldn't fall asleep.

There's no way I'm going to be able to sleep at night after hearing that.

Bastard.

When Bertus told me the story, I had to admit that it was a possibility, but I was in denial.

No way.

I couldn't help but wonder if that made sense.

But that nonsense turned out to be true.

Heinrich felt his breath catch in his throat as he saw the contempt and disdain he'd been hiding.

So far, so good.

So that's what it was.

That was where the rejection and hatred of his brothers, which even he found difficult to understand, came from.

"Hmph......."

Heinrich chuckled.

Yeah, a bastard killed two royals.

It's a good thing he was exiled to the Temple instead of being killed. It's clear that the Schwarzes are not without their faults.

Hate it, but where is the end of hating?

But now that he knows the truth, Heinrich realizes how much the brothers who weren't brothers had to put up with.

I'll assume that the dismissive and disdainful behavior was unavoidable, and I'm glad I did it.

But.

Your brothers will kill you.

I couldn't help but feel the reality of that message.

Bastard.

Bastardization is growing in prominence and may one day surpass the influence of Louise von Schwarz.

They're not going to let that happen forever, and when the time is right, they'll take care of themselves.

I don't know who sent it, and I don't know how they got it.

However, Heinrich and his brothers had a conversation that shouldn't have been shared.

Heinrich knew he was illegitimate.

The brothers told him that Heinrich was illegitimate.

So I have a hunch that we're in for a very different ride.

The brothers will try to kill Heinrich because they don't know what he will do.

If so, when?

It could be tonight, it could be tomorrow, it could be during an operation later. Even if you know the date, you don't know the method. It could be poisoning, it could be assassination, it could be disguised as death in action.

Should I stay put?

What if his brothers are trying to kill him?

As Bertus says.

To survive, you must kill.

He must kill his brothers because he knows they will try to kill him.

But is it worth it?

Even if it's just to survive.

Is it right to kill your brothers in order to survive a war for the fate of humanity?

Heinrich sits still in the darkness of the barracks.

This is an overly vulnerable place.

No matter how thick the tents are, they're easily cut by blades, and unlike Ellen's barracks, Heinrich's has no locks or defenses. As with most barracks, there's no room for complaining.

The safety of the barracks itself is meaningless when the enemy is a monster, not a human, in the first place. This isn't a war of assassins and spies.

This entire garrison is too good for nighttime guests. Monsters don't sneak up on you.

"Hey."

"......!"

Just like now.

"Who, who!"

A man in black robes, who hadn't been there until now, suddenly emerged from the center of the barracks.

Heinrich's eyes widened as he summoned a flame in his right hand.

How can they act so quickly?

No matter what, right now?

While Heinrich was torn between attack and flight, the man in the robe removed his hood.

Not an assassin.

"Don't worry, it's me."

"You....... Are you."

But something more than an assassin.

He was told not to peck, but instead of pecking, Heinrich felt like his heart was going to explode.

"La, la....... Reinhard......?"

"Did you get the letter?"

Heinrich's eyes widened at the sight of the demon.

"Come on, come on....... No way....... You?"

"Yeah, we're friends."

Reinhardt chuckles and shrugs.

"Isn't it?"

Somehow, nothing seems to have changed.

Heinrich thought about it.

"Mmm....... Ugh....... That's a goal."

But Reinhardt was a little off, like he was under the influence of alcohol.





Episode 535.





Heinrich stood frozen as Reinhardt entered his barracks.

Demons are a curse on humanity.

It's hard for Heinrich to believe that the Temple's Reinhardt and the world's most hated demon are one and the same, but it's not impossible.

Reinhardt is the devil.

And the devil is behind it all.

Knowing this, Heinrich was confused.

How is it that it is Reinhardt who is here, in front of me, at this moment, and who sent that letter?

"It's a thorn cushion."

As if he knew everything that was going on, Reinhardt blurted it out.

"We're not going to have a long conversation, so I'll keep it short."

"If you die here, it's a problem, and if you kill someone, it's a problem, and you know that, right?"

"Follow me."

"Just follow me, and I'll explain the rest of the issues."

"What happened so far."

"What are you going to do next."

"About what you can do."

We don't and can't have long conversations.

Heinrich could not help but freeze when he saw Reinhardt again, the man he thought he would never see.

How did he know he was going to die, where was he watching me, and where did he hear about my illegitimacy?

But Reinhardt showed up after Heinrich confirmed that he was illegitimate.

As if you've been waiting for this.

At the moment he realizes he has no place in the Alliance and is about to be killed, he shows up and offers his hand.

Let's leave the Alliance.

Heinrich didn't think he'd ever see Reinhardt again.

But I had envisioned that.

In the midst of so much death, so much despair that it's hard to call the Gate a tragedy.

Why the hell did they do this?

Did he really hate humans that much.

Even if the humans had destroyed your world, did it have to come to this?

I don't know you well, but from what I've seen of you, this is not who you are.

Was it all a mask and fake?

Was he hiding this vengeance under a mask?

But when Reinhard appeared in front of him, Heinrich couldn't ask him anything.

It never occurred to me that killing the demon would make me a hero to mankind.

I couldn't think of anything other than Reinhardt's topic.

Follow Reinhardt and you'll live.

Reinhardt's expression says everything happened for a reason.

In that look, Heinrich still doesn't know much about Reinhardt, but he does know one thing.

Reinhardt in Temple.

Reinhardt was a bully, but he wasn't evil.

I intuit that it was just the truth.

The gods were not wrong in their choice.

There was some reason, unknown to me, that this was bound to happen.

He had come to understand that his brothers wanted to kill him, and that one day they would.

So there's no place for you in Cernstadt County.

As Bertus says, even if you're in the General Command, you can't escape the influence of the Cernstadt Army.

As long as his origins as a member of the Schwarz family don't change, and the fact that he's an illegitimate child doesn't change.

Brothers will try to exclude themselves at some point.

It felt like an established fact to Heinrich now.

If you take the hand of the devil, you become a traitor to humanity.

Three people who somehow betrayed humanity and sided with the devil.

Olivia Ranze, Herriot de Saint-Ouen, Liana de Grants.

To those three names we add Heinrich von Schwarz.

Heinrich is well aware of the treatment of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, who is more dedicated to this war than anyone else.

If you side with the Devil, and if you are found to have sided with the Devil, the House of Schwarz will be treated the same as the Grand Duchess of Saint-Thuan.

A family with a traitor among its members.

The prestige of the House of Schwarz will plummet.

Plural.

What better way to get back at the brothers who despised and ignored you for being a bastard?

Whatever they dream of, isn't the royal family's image being tarnished by the betrayal of an illegitimate son the surest revenge for the pampering and neglect Heinrich has received thus far?

"......."

Heinrich stares at Reinhardt, who remains silent, waiting for his answer.

Siding with the demon guarantees one's own survival, and can bring great humiliation to one's brothers. They value honor above life, and they despise their illegitimate children.

The political fallout from having such a traitor in the Schwarz family would be enormous.

It would be laughable to tell you the truth: Heinrich von Schwarz was actually illegitimate. You've been using it to your advantage.

"I'm not going to ask you to make a quick decision, because it's not something that can be rushed."

Reinhard leans against one of the barracks' pillars, arms folded, silent.

You don't know if they don't think you're going to attack them, or if they're confident they can handle it.

Reinhard gives Heinrich time to think about it.

I think it's right to follow the devil.

If Reinhardt has a reason to do this, and it makes sense.

If this happened through a chain of unavoidable events rather than malice.

Reinhardt is only trying to save Heinrich's life by entering a place where he is the enemy.

He's trying to save her even though they weren't that close.

If that goodwill is true, there's no reason not to play into the devil's hands.

If staying with the Alliance is only going to make him more dangerous, then he needs to do something else, somewhere else, and he might as well piss off the Schwarzes, who have turned their backs on him.

But.

A royal family is a royal family.

The people are the people.

The House of Schwarz and the Cernstadt army are the main pillars of the Alliance.

Like the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine being blamed for the daughter he betrayed, never recognized for her devotion, and sentenced to death as punishment.

The wizards of the Duchy of St. Thuan were being treated the same way.

The sins of the monarch's family must be borne by the people.

If it became known that Heinrich had sided with the devil, not only would the Schwarzes be guilty, but the entire Cernstadt army.

Whatever happened to the Devil, it's a story for those in the know.

The Cairnstadt army will receive the same treatment as Archduke Saint-Thuan and his wizards.

This will lead to more than demoralization, it will lead to a split in the alliance. Even within Cernstadt's own ranks, there will be many who will feel a tremendous sense of betrayal.

Instead of being known for siding with the devil, you might be known for simply deserting.

Still, morale can't be helped.

Heinrich is the hero of the Cernstadt army.

Heroes, like Ellen, are valuable just for being.

There are some things you take on board.

Even if your brothers are trying to kill you, even if you're too short-sighted to do it.

You can't betray your people.

You can't leave people who believe in you, who find hope in you.

Heinrich doesn't ask Reinhardt much.

I had a lot of questions, but they became pointless.

Reinhardt came to his rescue.

So what choice would you make?

"You know, it's a lot different than it used to be."

"......."

"I'm not the flint you used to laugh at."

That sounds pretty arrogant, and Reinhardt smirks.

"Yeah, not so much anymore."

Heinrich can give Reinhardt back the words he used to laugh at him.

That much time has passed.

Instead of flint, you now have the superpower to burn volcanoes.

As powerful as he has become, some fear him and others find hope in him.

"So, I'm not so light on my ass anymore that I can do this or that just because you say so."

"Yeah, well, you've gotten pretty cocky."

Reinhardt, returning a stone-cold answer to a stone-cold answer, seemed to Heinrich no different than before.

"I can't go. I have to take care of my own business."

In response, Reinhardt holds still and stares into Heinrich's eyes.

"I said it doesn't matter if you die, it doesn't matter if you kill. Do you understand me correctly?"

"I understand."

Even if you get killed.

It's okay to kill.

You are responsible for your own work.

In the end, it all comes back to bite you in the ass.

No problem with being killed, no problem with killing.

If you follow the devil, you'll end up with a problem.

If everything is a problem, Heinrich just picks a problem.

"Yeah, well, if that's your choice, so be it."

The old Reinhardt would have used coercion when things didn't go his way.

"You're not the same person you used to be, are you?"

Heinrich chuckles, and Reinhardt smirks.

"Only you."

Reinhardt returned the favor.

Heinrich was surprised to see Reinhardt at this point, under these circumstances, but he had a question.

Nothing could be further from the truth.

"......Have you been drinking?"

Somehow, in the darkness, Reinhardt seems to be stirring, a little disoriented.

I had this weird feeling.

Reinhardt shakes his head at Heinrich's question.

"It's not alcohol, but....... Well, something like....... Whatever."

Reinhardt blinks, as if trying to regain his composure.

"Live, if you can."

With those words, Reinhardt disappeared into the darkness. How he disappeared, Heinrich could not tell.

"......."

As suddenly as he appeared, Reinhardt disappeared.

Suddenly, Heinrich realized what a ridiculous thing he had gotten himself into.

The devil has come for him.

I offered to help, and he declined.

Is this what happened in the real world?

Heinrich was stunned for a moment.



* * *



A place far from any Allied garrison. Scouts don't come this far.

"How did it go?"

"I said I'll take care of it."

"Ummm....... What number?"

"I don't know."

Sarkegar narrowed his eyes at my words as we left the garrison.

I was high on catnip and frozen in the Royal Class garrison when Sarkegar reported that something had happened.

It was an indescribable feeling of hell.

It's good, it's good, it's weird.

I can't believe I'm about to get high on catnip. And why the hell did Anna, that crazy bitch, even request a supply run to this garrison?

Anyway.

The story has already surfaced, and things are about to take a turn for the worse.

And Heinrich declined my offer to join him.

I also thought about what I would do if he tried to attack me, but luckily that didn't happen.

Seeing it with his own eyes, Heinrich was transformed.

There was no longer the same arrogant, cocky, and cheap young prince of Cernstadt.

I don't know if it's inevitable that people change after something like this, or if there was some other trigger.

If it were just an arrogant choice, I would have used coercion.

Heinrich seemed to be thinking about people other than himself.

He seemed to think he had a role to play in the Alliance.

We don't know if Heinrich's choice is just a one-size-fits-all or something else.

But we'll be able to deal with what comes next.

Do nothing.

The scribe's advice was that even if I tried to help Heinrich, my actions would be meaningless because Heinrich would refuse.

"What would you like to do?"

I crossed my arms at Sarkegar's words.

If there was already a rift, it was tightened.

Now that Heinrich has confirmed that he is illegitimate, and the other siblings have recognized it, their fear of each other will soon manifest itself in aggression.

Heinrich may die, or he may end up killing him.

The fragmentation of the coalition is inevitable.

Was I right to force Heinrich to come with me?

Unknown.

But Heinrich was different.

It's a decision made by a different guy.

I've become a guy who can think about more than just surviving.

But will that difference ensure Heinrich's survival?

variable, but it's too small and not something that will eventually change the environment.

As long as Heinrich remains with the Allies, that variable can't prevent events from happening.

No, something else could happen, like Heinrich murdering his brothers, and that would create another problem.

If Heinrich survives and the other brothers are killed, the Allied chaos is on schedule.

Is it right to ignore that?

I understand the scribe's advice to do nothing.

It would have meant that Heinrich would refuse my help.

Then another piece of advice.

How did Heinrich survive?

That vague advice.

I don't know what that means yet.

What does that even mean?

"......For now."

The only thing you should avoid is extremes.

Heinrich refused to help, but I will continue to monitor the situation.



* * *



Fourth day of the occupation of Senkerian.

The Allies were reorganizing for their next advance while simultaneously revising their plans for the next advance.

The word had already reached the high command that another weather event had occurred on the way to their next destination, and that the monsters had been all but eradicated.

Because of these things that most people don't know about, the Allies didn't have to devote troops to forward search, reconnaissance, and destruction as they had been doing.

This allowed for a significant amount of troop reserves.

The issue of combat fatigue is also critical to the military's ability to maintain combat power.

The cooperation of the Demon King was helping the Allies maintain their military strength in a significant way.

Among those beneficiaries were Saviolin Tana and Ellen Artorius, not to mention the psychics from the Temple.

Heinrich von Schwarz was also resting, as he hadn't been called into action since the capture of Sankt Gallien.

But for Heinrich von Schwarz, it was a break.

He learned the truth he didn't want to know: he was an illegitimate child.

And then I came face to face with someone who shouldn't be here.

As the brothers fell out, a frosty atmosphere ensued.

Still, Heinrich had tried to be as polite as possible to his brothers so far. While the brothers remained cold, disdainful, or sarcastic, there was no lack of conversation.

But the silence between the brothers was deadly.

Brothers know best.

That you're about to be killed.

It started with Louise von Schwarz.

Day five of the occupation of Senkerian.

With the march about to begin, Louise von Schwarz gathered her brothers together.

"The grounds around Sankerian are said to be 'secure,' but even a day like this will end when we start marching, so let's take a look around."

"......."

"I have a story to tell."

Heinrich nodded at Louise's words as she looked at him.

We talk about topics that are difficult to talk about.

Heinrich nodded, his expression grim.



* * *



The neighborhood of Sankerian was definitely monster-free.

The city won't be rebuilt because there's no one to live in it, but the reduction in the number of warp gates is significant in and of itself.

Without any vassals or escorts, the brothers of the House of Schwarz rode on horseback to inspect the neighborhood of Sankerian.

It was a walk in the park, not a horse inspection.

It's not really about purpose. I'm just here to say what I can't say in a place where there are plenty of ears to hear it.

It's all talk.

Heinrich paints a picture in his head.

It's true that the other siblings can handle weapons, but that doesn't mean much to Heinrich.

The threat is Louise von Schwarz.

A genius with an overwhelming five voices, he is the head of the Royal Knights of Cernstadt.

Plus, I'm already a master class veteran.

Would you be able to handle it if she tried to kill you?

Heinrich knows that Louise von Schwarz is not afraid to jump into battle and swing her sword.

Having watched Ellen and Savior Tana battle time and time again, I know how intimidating a weapon Master Class can be.

Heinrich's physical capabilities are not very high.

If Louise von Schwarz draws her sword and tries to kill herself, she can do so without much trouble.

But after that.

How to explain the untimely death of Heinrich von Schwarz and how to deal with the resulting morale downturn.

No life is too important to be lost.

That's why he can't easily be touched by his brothers.

So it's highly unlikely that Louise will try to kill you while you're out for a walk.

The area around Senkerian has already been cleaned up.

The excuse that monsters appeared and attacked Heinrich and killed him is not going to work at all.

So Louise von Schwarz is out of luck.

A different place, a different way, maybe, but not today.

But Louise von Schwarz, who said she was going to have a conversation, didn't say a word, just drove the horse to the front.

Alfons and German hadn't said anything either, until their sister spoke first.

I wonder how long it went in silence.

"......?"

In front of an abandoned building, Louise dismounted.

"Get off."

A spacious building that may have been used as a warehouse for a farmhouse.

Heinrich and the other brothers were baffled as to why nothing had been discussed beforehand.

Heinrich's face hardened as he looked at the entrance to the dingy warehouse.

I thought not.

Are you willing to deal with the noise.

You really think of yourself as such a big threat.

Heinrich watches as the other brothers dismount from their horses with meaningful smiles.

"I thought I told you to get off."

Louise stares at Heinrich with a cold gaze.

"It's ......."

If a fight breaks out, where and how.

Feeling his heart pounding, Heinrich dismounted.

Was I right to follow Reinhardt?

I think about it, but it doesn't make sense anymore.

It's just plain stupid to regret the hand you didn't hold.

Do you have to kill to live.

If you're going to do it, you might as well get a head start.

You must defeat Louise von Schwarz before your other siblings.

Your opponent is behind you.

There's no time like the present to get your hands dirty.

Heinrich follows quietly behind, ready to use his abilities.

Because if you don't want to die, you have to kill.

"......?"

But once inside the warehouse, Heinrich couldn't help but freeze up.

There was a person in the warehouse.

"......!"

"This, this is......?"

Five people in all, bound and gagged.

Five people were tied up and kneeling in a warehouse.

Louise von Schwarz draws her sword.

"Alfons. Germanic."

Louise von Schwarz stares at them.

"Who they are. Do you recognize them?"

"Nu....... 누님."

"Sister, why are they here......."

Heinrich doesn't know who the kneeling, chained men are. But Alfons and German seem to know them.

Louise von Schwarz draws the sword at her hip.

He looks down with a cold gaze as the five bound men scream in terror.

-skuck!

A blue-enchanted sword sliced through the throat of one.

Heinrich could only stare frozen at the blood gushing from the severed neck.

"The youngest."

After decapitating one, Louise looks at Heinrich with a calm gaze.

Neither Heinrich, nor Alfons, nor German, has any idea what's going on.

"You are a bastard."

-skuck!

The second person's head falls off.

-Whoa, whoa, whoa!

In an instant, they saw two throats slit and blood pouring out of them, and they began to gag and cry like animals.

But Louise doesn't stop there.

Without looking at the dying, Louise looks at Heinrich.

The bastard is correct.

That's already been confirmed. Why go over that again?

"By the way, do you know whose illegitimate child you are?"

Louise says, bringing her sword down on the nape of the third's neck.

"Who......?"

"Sister......? What the hell are you talking about.......?"

Both Alphonse and German are puzzled by this.

A strange, unrecognizable sound.

Strange words out of context.

Heinrich was frozen.

"You are the youngest, you are illegitimate."

"Nu....... 누님......?"

Heinrich's lips turned blue.

"Not my father, my bastard."

-skuck!

After a fourth and fifth blow to the neck, Louise looks at Heinrich.

"You, my son."

Louise looks at German and Alfons.

"Yeah, you wouldn't have known, because I hid it on purpose. Because I had to hide it too....... Because it was a promise I made to my father....... that he wouldn't kill Heinrich, so I kept it a secret. I couldn't tell anyone, so Alfons, German, I was forced to bend to your will....... Yes, that's how it's been all along......."

Louise stares at her brothers with sad eyes.

"By the way."

"Crawl."

"Finish."

"You tried so hard to kill my son."

"You two."

The dead were assassins who had been assigned to kill Heinrich in these few days.

"I thought you guys would never do something like this, no matter how much I hated you, no matter how much I hated you, I thought you would never do something like this......."

Heinrich was frozen, and Alfons and Germann, who had learned the truth about their illegitimate son, were white in the face as they met their sister's cold gaze.

"I can only kill you if I kill the youngest....... No, Heinrich. If my son can live. I, I must do it now. I can't stand by and watch any longer."

"Sister, something is wrong. Something....... something."

"No, no, no. This is ridiculous! What....... What are you trying to do......!"

Louise von Schwarz.

"I have to admit, I've had to kill someone to protect someone."

Swordmaster approaches his brother.

"Even if they are my brothers in blood."

Heinrich stood frozen, watching the brutal execution.





Episode 536.





A few days ago.

Louise von Schwarz found the emperor.

It was to protest what was surely the final blow to the tense atmosphere between the Schwarz royals.

"Your Majesty, you seem to be taking an inordinate interest in the affairs of the House of Schwarz.

"It's happening in one of the Allied hubs, so I shouldn't be interested.

Imperial Emperor Bertus de Gradias.

Some emperors excel in wartime, others in peacetime.

Louise von Schwarz doesn't know which Emperor Bertus is more capable at any given time.

I wouldn't say the empire is alive and well, but it's still breathing.

The surviving imperial powers were able to band together and form a coalition.

"I'm sure you don't realize that the mere mention of the House of Gradias on such a sensitive subject is a grave insult to the Schwarz family.

The Empire is clearly the superior power, but Cernstadt is not to be trifled with.

If Cernstadt were to leave the Alliance right now, the Allies would lose about a third of their power. The importance of Cernstadt to the Alliance is enormous.

It is a grave diplomatic breach and a mistake for the Emperor to speak to the House of Schwarz and suggest that your youngest prince is illegitimate, even if he did so in private and not in public.

Under Louise von Schwarz's cold gaze, Bertus could only smile, as he always did.

"Why don't I know that it's better to stay put?

'.......'

Bastardization issues.

It's in your best interest to ignore it.

'If I stayed put, Heinrich would be assassinated by his ugly brothers, who couldn't get over their jealousy and inferiority complex, and I'd have the chance to use that as an opportunity to wipe out the Schwarzes, who had always been an eyesore and a nuisance to the Empire.

'It's going to be a lot of noise, but there's a cause at stake here, a war for the fate of humanity. The Alliance may falter, but it won't collapse, because we're fighting a war for a reason.

'We're trading Heinrich von Schwarz's life for the life of the Schwarz family, who clearly want to overthrow the Empire more than anyone. Wouldn't it be better for you to remain silent and let everything take care of itself?'

Louise's expression hardened even more at Bertus' harsh words, which didn't match his smiling face.

Silence would allow Cernstadt to fall by itself, and in the confusion, Bertus could capture and kill the Schwarzes in the name of the cause and then devour the entire Cernstadt army.

There will be tremendous pushback from the Cernstadt forces, but this war is for the greater good, not self-interest.

Bertus knows that the Alliance will be greatly disrupted, but not destroyed.

Cernstadt, which may be the biggest post-war contender, will fall on its own. There's no reason not to watch.

"What, are, you, saying, now?

'I didn't commit this diplomatic faux pas because I was up to no good, I did it because I didn't want to see my friend die....... and that was the only reason.

It was just a matter of letting it happen.

Bertus didn't have to say anything to Heinrich, who came to him.

Heinrich was an important power, but if he could trade the future of the empire for one life, he should do so.

But that's not what Bertus did.

Heinrich didn't give me a direct answer, but he did give me some truth.

Not all the truth, but some of the truth.

'Because I know now, on some level, that if you don't treat your friends well, terrible things happen.

Ruiz couldn't understand Bertus' unintelligible addition.

But if we leave it alone, Heinrich will be killed.

Louise gritted her teeth at that.

'You seem pretty confident that that's going to happen, do you think that kind of nonsense is going to happen?'

'Your two brothers are worse greats than you realize.'

A trust named Brother.

No, not even that.

Trust in humanity itself.

In a situation like this, with a fight on the horizon, he becomes jealous of his illegitimate son who is better than him and tries to assassinate him.

Louise couldn't understand how something so stupid and ridiculous could happen.

They have more rights than anyone else, so they should have more responsibilities than anyone else.

The belief that they wouldn't do something so irresponsible.

Louise von Schwarz doesn't think that's possible.

I don't think my brothers would be that stupid.

I'm not expecting much, but I don't think it's going to be much.

But it's already happened.

The other brothers began to insist on trying their hands first.

Alfons and German are serious about killing Heinrich or risking their own deaths.

Before, it was a matter of if, but now it's a matter of when.

And that was the beginning of the end for the emperor.

Bastard.

This wouldn't have happened if Heinrich hadn't listened.

But is it really possible that it didn't happen? Louise had seen the open disregard and contempt for Heinrich from afar and up close.

Even if this hadn't happened, it would have happened anyway.

In places you don't see, in places you don't recognize. Without even asking his consent.

I wonder if they're really going to try to kill Heinrich on their own terms.

I don't think they'd be that stupid, I don't think they'd be that stupid.

Can humans be that stupid?

Louise von Schwarz wanted to punch the Emperor in the face for irresponsibly dropping the bomb.

But the bomb was already there.

He just didn't want to admit it was a bomb.

'It's a little unfortunate that the commander of Cernstadt has come to see you like this.

"......Now, did you say you're sorry?

Louise's brow furrowed as she heard the words.

You think the emperor's power will ever be the same.

All of humanity's powers have become smaller, and emperors no longer have the power and authority they once did.

Do they have any illusions that they stand above everyone, as they did in the days after the Demon War, when the power of the empire soared.

'To save the life of the Commander's son, the Emperor of the Empire has the audacity to poke his nose into the domestic affairs of another nation, and you don't even bother to thank him. Isn't that something to be ashamed of?'

'......!

"Did they think I wouldn't know?

Bertus de Gradias.

The Emperor's words sent chills down Louise's spine.

Something that only three people in the Schwarz family know: the king, the current queen, and Louise.

The emperor knew it.

'The Commander was an early graduate of the Royal Academy of Cernstadt at the age of eighteen.'

'.......'

Royal Academy of Cernstadt.

A prodigy, she graduated early from even the Royal Academy.

That's how it's known in the world.

'Heinrich von Schwarz was born after I had traveled abroad for about a year on a graduation trip....... I don't think that's a coincidence.'

Louise squints and meets Bertus's gaze.

"Isn't that a dropout, not an early graduate?

Under Bertus's gaze, Luiz felt the pressure on his breath.

"Raphael Muller.

'......!

"Do you need further clarification?

The Emperor already knew the name Louise had buried in her mind long ago.

The name, apparently, was the name of someone she loved.

Already, long dead.



* * *



'How the Schwarz family incorporated a supposedly illegitimate child into the royal family....... I don't understand this, King Constantine was a very flawed person in that regard, he wouldn't create an illegitimate child, Catherine the Great would have collapsed if she knew of the existence of an illegitimate child, but somehow Heinrich was accepted, not disposed of....... I don't understand. The Schwarz family I know is not like that.'

Louise looked at Bertus with a stony expression.

These are great men whose character would not allow them to have an illegitimate child, and if they did, they would deal with it, not incorporate it into the royal family.

But Heinrich was somehow incorporated into the royal family. Of course, we're starting with a result.

The much-hated youngest prince is probably a bastard, and if you're going to hate him so much, why keep him alive?

There are times when you have no choice but to keep them alive.

Louise von Schwarz never married, despite her advanced age.

He hasn't taken the throne yet, but it's very important for his heirs.

Still, I'm not married, and I don't think I ever will be.

And the Royal Academy in Cernstadt is very similar to a temple.

Training is mixed and tiered.

Bertus's comments are both politically and humanly disrespectful.

If you want to make it a problem, you can make it a problem.

But Louise couldn't say anything. That was proof in itself.

"I have a number of guesses in my head, but I'm not going to say them out loud, because any more than that would just annoy the commander.

'.......'

"That's the point.

Bertus puts down his teacup and looks at Louise von Schwarz, who is frozen in place.

"You can't keep everything.

You must select

Heinrich was made to realize that he was in danger, which led to an argument.

"You have to choose, before you lose everything by not choosing this or that.

Bertus had hastened what would one day happen.

So Louise von Schwarz has to choose something before she thinks everything is fine as it is, and then everything goes to shit.

'...... That Heinrich wanted to live. Is that really all there is to it?'

At Louise's question, Bertus smirked.

"I could have stayed put and not had to have this uncomfortable encounter, so why risk it?

I didn't want my friend to die.

Bertus didn't, even though he could have made a huge political gain at the expense of power.

At the risk of treading on Louise von Schwarz's toes, I gave Heinrich a hint.

So, what the heck was that for?

At Bertus' words, Louise could no longer believe that the Emperor had any sinister intentions.

If you want to protect your son, you must see blood.

Bertus said nothing more, as if he'd had enough of prying into the domestic affairs of another country.



* * *



'Why.......'

"Why did you kill Raphael?

'Why on earth would.......'

"Why, did you have to do that?

That was a long time ago.

"You've lost your mind.

"You can't have dirty commoners in the royal family.

'I told him to mingle with the common people, do math, and understand their physiology. I didn't tell him to give them jung.

"Do you mean to tell me that with all your talents and gifts, you couldn't even discern that much?

'I have given you the punishment you deserve for coveting what you dare not have.

"Do you really think there's room for such a thing as personal affection on the way to becoming Queen of Cernstadt and laying the foundations of an empire that will one day surpass the House of Gradias?

'You were foolish, daughter.

'Yes, humans make mistakes. No one is perfect, so you made a mistake.

"So let's move on from this mistake.

"Erase, forget everything and start fresh.

The cruel words of her father, Constantin von Schwarz, left Louise stunned.

It was early love.

I could have called it immature, but I couldn't help but call it love.

Clumsy love bore clumsy fruit, and I paid a cruel price.

It was the first real emotion I'd ever felt outside of a world where everything was forced upon me like it was suffocating.

In the real world, where you're used to elegance and hypocrisy, honor and dignity, things you don't even want. It was the first thing he had of his own volition.

It was taken away.

It was trampled on.

"No.

It was a transaction.

'Don't take anything from me, no more.'

"What?

"If you try to take it, you'll lose me.

Trading for your life.

I can't take back what's already been taken, but I didn't want to take more.

That's why he threatened his parents with his life.

Don't try to take my children.

The king and queen couldn't give up the Schwarz family's best piece of history.

The child she gave birth to was disguised as her father's illegitimate son and incorporated into the royal family.

Very few people knew the truth, and that was true of the other royals as well as his firstborn son.

The end of a tangle of lies, deceit, and half-truths.

"......."

"Nu, Nu......."

Louise von Schwarz had killed her last two brothers with her own hands, and she looked into the eyes of her son, who stared back at her in horror.

-grunt

She sheathed her sword.

"Let's go back."

"Nuh-uh. What the....... What the hell are you talking about. I... I'm trying to get my brothers to......."

"Let's go back."

The brothers ended up trying to kill Heinrich several times without consulting him.

If Louise hadn't kept an eye on the situation, she could have lost her son with both eyes open.

If the Emperor had had other ideas, he would have used this to implicate the ringleaders, the two brothers, and himself in the destruction of the House of Schwarz.

We don't know what changed his mind, but the emperor had a change of heart.

I'm not bashing the Schwarzes, but I am telling Louise to get her act together or it might be too late.

The emperor told her that to protect something, you have to see blood.

Louise saw blood.

The price of killing flesh and blood was the protection of flesh and blood.

Louise grunts and walks toward the horse.

His blood-soaked fingertips were shaking violently, as if he were suffering from hydrocephalus.

Leaving Alfons and German abandoning their horses, Louise mounted her horse, and Heinrich, without his ice, followed suit at Louise's command.

I killed my brothers.

How to make this happen.

Louise is helpless to do anything about it.

Frozen, she doesn't know what to say to her youngest, who has just discovered that her oldest sister is actually her mother.

I had to make a choice, so I made a choice.

That was it.

-Hihihihi!

Riding their horses, they leave the abandoned warehouse and disappear.

Confusion and vagueness.

As the two emotional figures disappeared from the warehouse, the two Inyoungs appeared out of thin air.

"......."

"......."

Reinhardt and Herriot were there to hear the unbelievable story.

"This is....... What....... is?"

"......I don't know."

At Reinhardt's frozen words, Harriet shook her head.





Episode 537.





Heinrich refused to join them, but he wasn't about to let them die.

So as Sarkegar continued to report on the situation at the Cernstadt garrison, I kept an eye on the situation.

Sensing that this was going to happen, I followed behind them with Harriet.

I thought Louise von Schwarz was going to put her hands on Heinrich, but no.

Louise had killed her brothers in a fit of pique.

And the shocking truth: He was an illegitimate child, but not the king's illegitimate child, but Louise's illegitimate child.

Charlotte said.

At the mention of Heinrich's assassination, Louise von Schwarz said that there was no way she would do such a foolish thing.

The brothers conspire to assassinate Heinrich.

It wasn't a conspiracy of all the brothers, it was a conspiracy of two, or a conspiracy of three, or a conspiracy of two, or a conspiracy of three.

Louise von Schwarz had nothing to do with the original events in the first place.

He lost his son because he failed to calculate the folly of his brothers.

And whether he knew the truth of what happened or not, he was executed with the emperor's wrath.

In the original story, there's a story behind the events that happened too quickly for some reason or another that I don't understand.

That's just the way it was this time.

Charlotte's suspicion that Heinrich might be illegitimate.

And the truth that he was illegitimate, yes, but the illegitimate son of a princess, not a king and queen.

Something happened that didn't happen in the original, but Louise von Schwarz killed her brothers with her own hands instead of bystanders.

We don't know what event, what emotion, or what triggered it.

However, Heinrich survived.

Louise von Schwarz, who was supposed to be one of the main culprits, was actually the one who had to protect Heinrich.

From the way he looked after killing his brothers, it was clear that he was devastated that he had done it.

In the original, Louise doesn't get to choose her brothers, and she doesn't get to choose Heinrich.

Heinrich's death, and his own, were the result of his blind faith.

But for now, Louise has made her choice.

We don't know what excuses she, the commander of the Cernstadt army, will make for her brothers' deaths.

The dead two have a role to play, and it's going to cause problems, but it's better than having Ruiz or Heinrich dead.

I was told to be still.

I really just had to be still.

The world has changed, but I don't know exactly what has changed where or how.

Herriot and I left the abandoned warehouse area and ducked into the nearby woods.

"I don't know what happened, but....... Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, I don't think we need to worry about that."

He nodded at my words.

We know who actually tried to kill Heinrich, and it was Louise.

There will be noise and problems, but Heinrich's life will no longer be in danger.

If Louise von Schwarz had been an actual beast, things would have been more complicated, but thankfully she wasn't.

But then I discovered a more complicated family history.

The obvious scribe's advice was to stay and watch, because the changed world would show you the changed ending.

I couldn't help but notice the vague scribe's advice.

"Yeah....... That Heinrich had been alive all this time....... It didn't really make sense......."

"That's....... What do you mean?"

"If Heinrich was really the king's illegitimate son, there was no need to accept him into the royal family."

A queen is not a great person to recognize an illegitimate child.

Charlotte speculated that King Cernstadt might have been forced to do so by his stubbornness.

There were even members of the royal family killed by Heinrich.

But all I did was banish it to the template.

It's strange that Heinrich is still alive in the first place.

"Louise von Schwarz tried to save Heinrich somehow....... to save Heinrich."

"......Yes."

We don't know how or why Louise von Schwarz gave birth to Heinrich and how the secret has been kept until now.

But even the other royals had no idea he was Louise's illegitimate son.

The only people who know are the king, queen, and Louise herself.

In past incidents, Louise would have begged.

Please don't kill me.

Kill them, but don't. Let them live outside of our gaze.

Maybe that's what the deal was.

The only reason the illegitimate daughter of Louise von Schwarz, who would have been better off dead, is still alive today is because she is one of the most accomplished women in the history of the Schwarz family.

Just as Ruiz somehow used his position and positioning to save Heinrich's life.

Heinrich's very existence may have been a gag on Ruiz in some way.

Heinrich's life may have been held hostage to control Louise's behavior.

The Heinrich would have been used by the current King of Cernstadt to hold and shake the first princess.

So you survived.

Because we don't know what the heir to the kingdom will do if Heinrich dies.

Why Heinrich survived.

If he was only the king's illegitimate son, he should have been dead long ago, so why is he still alive when it's a given?

It was because Heinrich had a use and need for it.

Heinrich was important to Louise.

Heinrich was useful to the royal family.

Had I realized that truth, I would have known that Louise von Schwarz could not have been the culprit, and I would have been able to solve the case more easily, or at least look the other way.

The scribe's advice was something like this.

And the scribe's advice has the potential to do both good and bad things.

The good news is that we got through the assassination of Heinrich without too much bloodshed.

If it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, and other things that derive from it.

The possibility that one bad thing might lead to another bad thing.

"What....... What's going on?"

"Sure."

Bad things can happen at any time, and that's the battlefield.

Therefore, it was pointless to try to predict it.



* * *



Heinrich had always thought that no matter what he said, his brothers would listen.

But that was true for me, too.

'There you are, youngest, have a seat.'

"There's no reason for brothers to gather, and since you're not in our army and we don't see each other, I've invited you to eat.

"When this is all over, will you return to Cernstadt?

"Well, that's a shame.

"You must be tired, go inside and get some rest.

In retrospect, she was just a man of few words.

I was no different from my brothers or myself in reading too much meaning into those words and feeling sorry for myself.

They just didn't know.

I don't know how to deal with someone I haven't seen in a long time, someone I can't help but have mixed feelings about.

I just couldn't think of anything else to say about it.

As a naturally blunt person, there's only so much you can say to a more complex mind.

I was just misunderstanding the smallest thing that could be said in such a complicated mind.

He was no different than any other brother.

In the end, Louise made another extreme choice, killing her brother with her own hands, rather than the other two brothers who were willing to go to the extreme.

"......."

"......."

Return to your garrison.

The pace was slow and there was no conversation between Heinrich and Ruiz.

Louise's complexion was pale from having killed her brothers with her own hands, and Heinrich's was no different, having seen the spectacle before his eyes and heard the shocking truth.

There's no conversation going on.

It's not a conversation, and nothing has been organized yet.

Someone with a lot to say.

Someone with a lot of questions to ask.

No one is able to say anything.

"I'm sorry. Everything. Everything."

Two horses walk in silence.

"It's all....... My fault."

In the end, Louise could barely get that apology out.



* * *



The two princes of Cernstadt are dead. They were not publicly executed, but killed by Louise von Schwarz on her own initiative.

It wasn't legal, it wasn't procedural.

What Louise von Schwarz shared with the military was simple.

Missing.

The two princes also have their own factions.

But it doesn't hold a candle to Louise von Schwarz.

He may have deserted, but he may have faked his disappearance for the honor of the Schwarz family, and those in command knew there was more to the story than most people knew.

But Ruiz didn't explain anything.

As Emperor Bertus once said, it's a war for the greater good.

The disappearance or desertion of the two princes.

Or death.

It's a very big deal, but the commander-in-chief, Louise von Schwarz, is alive and well.

The gap between the two princes could be filled somehow, if only by reorganizing the chain of command.

In the end, the two irreplaceable beings survived and the two replaceable beings tried to kill the youngest because they feared their position would be jeopardized.

So the gap between the two lesser princes could easily be filled.

Emperor Bertus knows what happened, but he says nothing.

The Emperor is silent, and so is the High Command, who recognize that something is amiss.

The sudden disappearance of the two princes left the Cernstadt army in disarray, but not enough to start a schism.

He may have lost two legs, but he still had a head, so there was no fighting over who would be the next head.

The Allied forces leave Sankerian and begin to march toward their next location of operations.

The dust has settled, but the relationship can't be rebuilt.

Once a secret is told, it can't be taken back.

The assassination threat faded, and Heinrich realized he was his older sister's child.

"......."

"......."

It's not like they're on bad terms.

I killed my own brothers to protect my children, and I had to lie about it.

Louise von Schwarz killed her brother to protect her children.

We just don't know what to say to each other.

You don't know how to rebuild a relationship that was broken in the first place, and you don't know what bricks to lay.

Someone who has given birth, but never lived as a parent.

A person who was born, but never had parents.

No one knows what to say to rebuild this broken relationship from scratch.

Ruiz and Heinrich have not spoken since.

No personal conversations outside of work.

Not too long ago, it was just the usual greeting, but now it's gone.

I knew we could never be together, but somehow Heinrich and I seemed to have become less than each other.

At Louise's side was Heinrich, who led the troops on horseback without speaking.

Suddenly, Louise's entire body tensed as a voice penetrated her mind.

"I have a report for you, Commander.

"......what is it."

Telepathy.

Just as Heinrich receives communications from the General Headquarters telepathically from Ivia, the commanders of each unit receive the will of the General Headquarters telepathically in this way.

That's not to say there aren't messengers, communication magic, and the like, but telepathy is instantaneous and fast in that it requires no tools.

Of course, there were many high ranking officers who were quite uncomfortable with the unannounced nature of the telepaths, and many had their lieutenants listen to the telepaths instead of them.

Louise von Schwarz finds the telepathy quite distasteful.

Feeling like your turf is being invaded.

I had the bizarre feeling of seeing something that no one else could see.

But Ruiz isn't one to pass the buck.

'We've already destroyed the small warp gate on Lagirian, which was our next target, so the Alliance will continue to advance to Theta, rather than our next stop.

"Hmm....... Got it. Have fun."

"Aye, Commander.

Heinrich heard Louise talking to herself and realized that she was receiving telepathy.

Louise looks at Heinrich.

"The next area of operations has already been cleared, so we're moving on."

"I see......."

We don't have private conversations, but I felt compelled to have this dry one.

Heinrich watches as Louise sends word to her lieutenants about the army-wide dispatches. Heinrich watches as messengers ride to and from the marching troops on horseback to bring new operational changes to their respective commanders.

Louise sees an endless line of marchers.

It's nice to not have to fight to the death in your next zone of operations.

But isn't a longer march just another torture for the soldiers who will eventually have to walk that distance themselves?

Louise felt funny as she tried to figure out what was better.

Emperor, Bertus.

It was Bertus who told him directly that Heinrich would be killed if he didn't kill his brothers.

What if they had known that the youngest, Heinrich, was their illegitimate son?

"They would have wanted to kill him more.

Louise is not married.

If Louise von Schwarz were to die in this war, her eldest son, German von Schwarz, would be the next in line to the throne, not Louise, who still has no official children.

Deep down, you may have wanted Ruiz to die.

My suspicions are confirmed now that I know how foolish and short-sighted my brothers were.

If Louise von Schwarz were to die in battle, German would be the next in line to the Schwarz throne.

If that had happened, Alfons might have killed his brother out of jealousy that he had become the heir to the throne of Schwarz, something he never dreamed of doing.

Without Heinrich, Germanic might have tried to kill him, and then Alfons might have killed Germanic, and Alfons might have taken the throne of the House of Schwarz.

"......."

Louise laughed at herself for thinking that.

After killing my brothers with my own hands, the only reason to calculate their stupidity is to console myself that I killed them because they deserved it.

There are choices and there are consequences.

He killed his brothers because they tried to kill him.

Instead, the child survived.

Any other judgment is irrelevant.

I've never been able to tie the knot with a child.

It's not going to be okay as it is.

What happened, why it happened, and what was said. How you've resisted the urge to drop everything and run. How many times your life has been put on the scales.

How many days I've been forced to swallow my tears, thinking only of your well-being at the Temple.

Louise wanted to say all of that, but she couldn't because she knew it would end up being nothing more than an excuse for her failure to parent.

When the war is over.

Can we talk about it when it's all said and done?

When we've walked through the dark curtain of humanity's destiny, will we be able to tell the whole story?

Because this battlefield is too heavy to talk about sorrow and pain.

So, for now, this war story is all I can talk about.

"Youngest......."

Louise opened her mouth vaguely, but her tongue clamped down.

Is it right to call him the youngest?

But she can't call him her son. In the presence of watching eyes and listening ears, the eldest sister could not call the youngest her son, just as she could not bring up the subject of illegitimacy.

But Heinrich looks at Louise as if he understands.

"Yes, sister."

"......."

Things you know but can't say.

It was a look of full understanding. Louise bit her lip slightly, feeling miserable.

But this is a story about work, a story about war.

We can't let personal matters get in the way of saying what needs to be said.

"Do you think you are friendly with the Emperor Bertus?"

At the mention of the Emperor's name, Heinrich is silent for a moment.

"To be honest, I don't think....... I don't think we're close, but we've been in the same class at Temple, so I'm pretty sure that......."

"I see."

Had it not been for the words of the Emperor Bertus, he himself might have lost Heinrich for failing to calculate the folly of his brothers.

And the Emperor knew that Heinrich was his illegitimate son, and even the name of the man he had once loved.

But that's not what she's thinking about right now.

"The command in chief is hiding something."

Excessive rate of advance, extreme weather events, and preemptive clearing of an area of operations.

Bad things keep happening to the Allies.

Ellen Artorius, Saviolin Tana, and Shanapelle, imperial mages.

It's possible to achieve this speed if you're pulling out all the stops, but Luiz couldn't help but feel that the process was a bit rushed.

"What are they hiding. Do you know?"

At Louise's question, Heinrich stares at the marching path.

"......I don't know."

Just like Heinrich doesn't really know his mother.

Louise doesn't know her son very well.

However, we now know one.

"I see......."

Louise realized that her son was not a good liar.





Episode 538.





December.

It's winter.

The Alliance forces circled the outskirts of Riseln, starting with Senkerian, destroying the warp gates of the smaller cities one by one.

Small warp gates in small towns had been destroyed by demonic forces as if they were vanguards, and the Imperial General Command had passed them off as the work of the Imperial Vanguard.

Few knew that the Allies were being aided by the Devil.

It had to be top-secret because the confusion the Allies would feel if it became known could have been devastatingly divisive.

It was inevitable that large armies would overwinter. This war would continue beyond the year.

Seven small cities and three medium-sized cities.

So far, so good for the Alliance.

Bertus stood in front of the many military commanders gathered in the Allied General Headquarters, his map in front of him, his face stoic as he watched the operations board.

There's no way to characterize all the battles we've fought so far as small.

But now the Allies were facing the biggest battle of the many they had faced so far.

Large warp gateset.

One very large warp gate.

Small Warp Gate Seven.

Largest city in southern Rieseln.

Serandia.

This is the first time we've destroyed a very large warp gate.

The point is this.

The General Staff begins debriefing.

"Your Majesty, it has been determined that the successful capture of Serandia will significantly reduce the monster hordes in southern Ryzeln."

"I think we can solve the water supply problem locally by using the Lazier River near Serandia as a water source. If we can replace the transportation of water supplies with other supplies, the Allied forces will have an easier time surviving the winter."

"However, due to the nature of winter operations, significant losses of combat power are anticipated during the movement of the main force to Serandia. Furthermore, once the operation begins, retreat will be nearly impossible, so failure is expected to be irreversible and very heavy."

"You could spend the winter focusing on defending your garrison and then begin the campaign against Serandia. However, in this case, it's unclear if your forces will be able to get the supplies they need until spring. The monsters in Serandia will periodically raid the Alliance garrison areas where they spend the winter, and they will continue to be replenished, so there will be no loss of combat power for the enemy."

Bertus narrowed his eyes as he listened to his chief of staff's report.

Winter is the season when everything freezes, and that includes soldiers.

Winter marches are even more hellish than peacetime marches.

There will be soldiers whose frozen toes are actually falling off, not just falling off from exhaustion.

While the priests of the Crusaders can heal with holy magic, not everyone can benefit from it.

Due to the nature of large cities and the waves of monsters that surround them, the Alliance garrison is now set up in a location very far away from Serandia.

Just getting to the battlefield, Serandia, is the hard part.

You're marching in the cold, and the monsters are boiling over as you go.

This is not an environment where you can take a day off and fight with the battlefield just around the corner.

Your troops should be facing the most enemies when they are most exhausted.

In the winter, too.

'Unless there's another weather event on our way and the weather improves, which is not necessarily something you can count on.......'

You will march through the freezing cold to capture Serandia.

After all, you can expect to take a lot of damage in a raid.

And taking Serandia is not the end of the gate crisis.

There are still cities to destroy.

If you suffer an irreversible loss here, the next battle will be even harder.

If it gets harder and harder and we keep losing irreplaceable people.

Eventually, the last gate will not be destroyed, and humanity will lose all hope.

But what if we winter here, hold out until spring, and then attack Serandia?

The military is a huge resource hog.

We need to eat, and we need to eat something to keep us warm.

Then there's Serandia, where monsters pour out of a massive warp gate while you're stationed, albeit far away.

You'll be fighting a defensive battle all winter long, which means you'll lose resources as well as people.

At least if we succeed in capturing Serandia, we'll have enough water to last us through the winter. You'll also be able to cut down the nearby forests to help you survive the winter.

Will you bleed to death in a massive campaign to take down Serandia and then winter there?

You'll be holed up here until the day breaks, fighting a constant war of attrition, and then fighting when you're in better shape.

"We can't survive the winter here. We're going to Serandia."

You can't expect help to always be available.

But there was always help.

So Bertus had no choice but to turn to the forces of evil once again.

The frozen ground in the path of the Allies will thaw, and an anomaly called Warm Sunshine will appear.

The ruler of humanity is dependent on the Devil.

'If this gets to the point where I can no longer get help.......'

I don't have the confidence to not panic at that point.

Bertus self-helped.



* * *



-cookie

-Cat!

-cookie

-Cat!

"......."

-Hello!

Ellen regained consciousness to a cry that seemed to call to her.

There was a black cat that had been there forever, pressing its front paws against his thighs.

He looked up at me with a pitying look in his eyes, almost as if he was worried.

Why do this.

Inside the tent, Ellen was sitting in a chair, and she realized that she had lost consciousness, albeit briefly.

I heard there was a meeting about the Serandia campaign.

But Ellen doesn't go to the meetings. She has a voice, and she doesn't take it lightly, but she's never been comfortable discussing issues where so many lives are at stake.

So I was debating whether to go or not.

But when you wake up, your cat, who hasn't been seen in days, is crying in front of you.

Ellen doesn't bother to lock her fortress barracks.

The Royal Class Garrison is heavily guarded, and no one in the garrison is rude enough to enter Ellen's barracks.

So I unlocked the barracks so the cat can come in whenever it wants.

So it comes and goes as it pleases.

-Angel

Ellen clutches the necklace with her left hand and strokes the pitifully crying cat's head with her right.

"I'm fine......."

Ellen now knows that putting her mind to something helps.

I feel like this little being is protecting me.

However, I still have frequent moments of unconsciousness.

"You'll be fine......."

The cat stared up at Ellen, unmoving.

To lose consciousness, to cease to exist.

It's scary, but Ellen has more important things ahead of her.

Serandia Campaign.

Extra-large warp gate.

The fight will get tougher and tougher.

'Reinhard.......'

And of course Ellen knows what the high command knows.

I'm sure Reinhardt will be helping out somewhere in the Serandia assault.

You've been helping, and you're going to help this fight in your own way.

Somewhere.

-Angel

Surely, you're watching yourself.



* * *



Ellen's condition becomes more and more serious.

I knew she was periodically unconscious, and I'd seen her before, albeit in the form of a cat.

Losing consciousness is a bit different.

It's more like someone replacing consciousness.

Eyes as dark as the abyss stare at me. Eyes that I can't tell if they're looking at me or not.

They just stare at you with unfocused, blurry eyes.

I can't read anything but emptiness in those eyes.

It was more than creepy, it was horrifying.

Not only Ellen, but also the people in the Royal Class were feeling very intensely uncomfortable when Ellen was in such a state from time to time.

I don't know why cats help, but Ellen definitely seemed to be affected by it.

I can't quite make out the necklace Ellen is wearing, but I now realize that it serves a similar purpose.

If the condition goes beyond getting worse and becomes irreversible.

Will I now see nothing but Ellen with that vacant stare?

He visits the Royal Class Garrison from time to time to check on Ellen and the status of the Royal Class, but he can't be there all the time.

I'm the one who gets the marching orders, I'm the one who sometimes needs to sleep train Airi, and Charlotte handles Edina's stuff, but I'm the one who gets briefed on the important stuff.

A pet demon.

And just as Ellen is gearing up for a big battle, I'm no different.

For now, we'll focus on the big city, Serandia.

"They're probably marching, thinking we're going to help them."

Senate meeting with all of Edina's key people.

"It's going to be a war of attrition to get through the winter, so I think we're going to have to make that choice."

I nodded at Eleris' answer.

All-out war after a long march in the cold.

After a defensive battle in the freezing cold, it's all-out war in the spring.

Both shoulder a tremendous burden.

In the original game, it's not winter in the first place. It's winter in the other big city campaigns.

In that situation, the Allies take the path of least resistance.

But now she's awakened to a weather-changing ability that she didn't have in the original, and we're here to help.

They will therefore anticipate our help and choose to march.

The path of the Allies is protected by weather, not monsters this time.

That way, they can protect the allied forces from the bitter cold.

But the next problem.

"I guess we'll have to decide what to do when the Serandia attack starts."

Lerouen said.

Yeah, you have to decide that.

The warp gates we've been able to handle in the gate battles so far have been taken down by hitting them before the Alliance.

However, the locations with medium-sized warp gates were left in the hands of the Allies after a first strike wiped out the monsters.

We were tasked with being a vanguard unknown to the Allies, but we had no intention of being on their radar when the main operation began.

But this time, the scale of the operation is different.

One extra-large warp gate and three large warp gates.

There's a limit to how many monsters Riana's weather changes can handle, and even if she does wipe them out, they'll replenish at an alarming rate.

A preemptive strike can have a significant effect.

But if we left this operation in the hands of the Allies, we might succeed in taking Serandia, but we would suffer as many casualties as we would if we didn't fight ourselves.

If we participate, the number of casualties will be fewer, and the Allies will be able to maintain their strength.

It makes sense from a practical standpoint for us to get involved.

"But while we might be able to help in the immediate fight against Serandia, it would likely be a very big mistake in the long run."

"......Yes."

I had to agree with Galarsh.

Antirrhinus opens his mouth.

"Our army may be small, but we're sure to stand out on the battlefield, especially with the large-scale magic wielded by the Lords and Mages of the Clans here. The Thunderbolt that the Thunder King will use, the Divine Power and Tiamata that the Divine Cultist will use, and the Alsbringer that the Great One will use."

The power we use is overly powerful and will inevitably be noticed.

Sarkegaard, who is back in Razak for a meeting, also speaks up.

"Right now, the Allied General Command is aware of our help. The few personnel assigned to frontline reconnaissance missions are kept quiet, and those in the various military commands know that what's going on up front is an Imperial force. Of course, many are aware of suspicious ships, but they don't necessarily mention the Empire or the Alliance."

"But if we show up to this battle, the majority of the Allied forces, especially the common soldiers, will be aware of our involvement, and that could lead to unforeseen problems."

"Your Majesty, I think it's best that we don't show up for the Serandia assault."

Large-scale magic, meteor summoning.

No magic is known to man with such destructive power. The moment you use it, you will recognize the demonic forces at work.

The moment when a meteor rained down from a sky that had turned into a broken mirror and struck the temple was an unforgettable nightmare for those who saw it from the ecliptic. Rumors of its magical powers were not unknown.

Since the gate incident coincided with a meteor shower, the meteors streaking across the sky became a magical symbol of the return of the devil.

If Olivia summons Death Knights to sweep across the battlefield, the Alliance might be spooked by them and try to attack them.

Not to mention Alsbringer.

We would certainly help the Allies if we participated.

There's no point in helping Tina if she's only going to help in a small way, not as a force.

To help properly, many Allied troops will recognize the presence of the demonic forces. Our help could cause the operation to fail.

Seriously, if someone spots me killing a monster in the field and yells, "A demon! and someone screams, what Allied commander isn't going to take that as "a demon attacked the Allies in the middle of a massive air battle"?

Bertus is at a crossroads, faced with the decision to march through the winter in a war of attrition, or to march now at great cost.

I'm no different.

If we help attack Serandia, the Alliance will suffer less damage, but our presence may cause other problems.

If we don't help, we're condoning the deaths of countless people who wouldn't have to die if we did.

That includes the lives of countless people I know.

You'll survive just fine.

I shouldn't let that kind of thinking get in the way of my Serandia exploits.

There is no such thing as an absolutely right choice.

Every choice you make requires you to lose something in exchange for gaining something.

The whole time I've been here, no, the whole time I've been in this world, those have been the only choices I've made.

A choice to gain something and lose something.

We need to do that again.

Bertus and I are already allies, even though we haven't spoken.

But very few people understand that.

To most, I'm still a name of terror, and no one believes in the idea of the devil fighting alongside you.

It's just more confusing.

A demon who caused the Gate Crisis to wipe out humanity helps humanity?

They'll believe it because they're drunk with despair and have lost all sense of reason.

What if the other commanders of the Alliance realize that the Empire has been aided by the Devil all this time?

The end of the Serandia campaign may be the end of the Alliance.

"At some point, we're going to have to fight alongside the Allies, that's for sure."

At my words, everyone in the room goes silent and stares at me.

There will come a time when you'll have to get involved. That doesn't change.

And the gate situation becomes increasingly dangerous.

In the early days of the Gate Crisis, cities with these massive warp gates could be destroyed leisurely with just Saviolin Tana leading the charge. Now that the gates are more dangerous, that's not an option, which is why she's traveling with such a large force.

Serandia is dangerous, but the cities you'll encounter later will be even more dangerous than Serandia.

"Serandia only strikes first, we don't participate, we watch."

No matter who is dying, now is the time to watch them die.

Is it right to turn away from those who are dying right now in order to prevent more deaths?

I don't know.

However, just as Louise von Schwarz did, I make choices.

"And if I could, I'd like to be able to destroy a few warp gates, if not the big ones."

Preemptive strike.

If that's all you can do, you should do everything you can there.





Episode 539.





Serandia, the largest metropolis in southern Ryzeln.

Up until now, you've been using five separate armies to secure your march.

But for now, it's a preemptive strike to clear out the monsters at the center of what should be called the eye of the storm.

Load Vampire Five.

And the paladins of the Holy Order and the wizards and powerful demons of the Vampire Council.

Olivia, Harriet, Liana, Airi, and me.

The bulk of our army was under the cover of the Heriot's spread, looking down on Serandia from the heights.

Cities are shaped like the ecliptic.

A metropolis divided into north-south sections with the mighty Rajie River running through the center.

But the city was only a trace, and the area was already overrun by monsters.

Herriot mumbles in exasperation.

"The monsters......."

-Grrrrr!

-Kaahhhhh!

-OffOffOffOff!

Not only were there monsters the size of skyscrapers from my previous life roaming around, but at their feet were monsters of all shapes and sizes, swarming like a swarm of ants.

There were flying monsters that filled the sky with blackness, and there were monsters that stood out amongst the rest.

While not the last of the otherworldly dragons to be faced, a large dragon-like creature had already appeared.

Not only are the monsters more numerous, but they're also more powerful than ever.

As the gate crisis intensifies, the monsters behave as if they are guarding a warp gate.

The good news is that the boss monsters, as they should be called, don't produce more than a certain number of them.

I didn't see too many warp gates spitting out monsters from the high ground as they were saturated.

But if the monsters in the neighborhood are pushed back, they'll start churning out monsters again at an incredible rate.

Even with the best and brightest we've gathered.

-OffOffOffOff!

It's impossible to eradicate all of these monstrous creatures that seem to number in the hundreds of thousands.

It's a monstrous hell on earth.

It was almost like the world was black.

This is what you have to deal with.

And it's going to get more and more and more dangerous.

Despite being surrounded by non-humans and those accustomed to killing, no one seemed to be unnerved by this infernal map, and that included me.

"They've detected us."

We're in a place where Serandia is now in sight, even if it's on the outskirts.

So it's no surprise that there were monsters around us, and it's no surprise that there were monsters that could sense our cloak and recognize us.

"Let's get started."

At my command, the Lord Vampire and the clan's mages begin to chant their magic.

Riana, who had already been preparing, was also focusing her efforts.

Riana's abilities cannot be used offensively when a large army is engaged in an all-out war. She'll get wiped out.

Once again.

-Currrrrr!

In the distance, close to the horizon, a giant tornado erupts and begins to sweep the monsters away.

Waves of monsters rush toward us.

"All hands, battle formations!"

Olivia raises her magic sword, Tiamata, and calls out.

-Kurrrrrr

While the absolute numbers are small, Olivia can summon an army.

An army of the dead.

-Grrrrrr

Hundreds of Death Knights begin to crawl out of the ground in response to Olivia's use of Kier's Holy Power and Tiamata.

A single Death Knight was enough to overpower me, who was used to enchantments.

"Death, lead us."

The paladins of the Holy Order, as well as Olivia, begin to strengthen their own bodies and the bodies of the Death Knights she summons.

Monsters don't have strategies and tactics.

But the best strategy and tactics have always been to outnumber the enemy, to be stronger than the enemy.

Be many and be strong.

The numbers themselves are already a strategy and a tactic.

Such a number.

An overwhelming number of monsters begin to charge at us.

While the mages cast large-scale spells together and Riana creates extreme weather events, Olivia Ranze and the priests and Deathknights of the Holy Order protect them.

That's not all.

-Take care of yourself, Ugren.

-Grrr....... Human. Power up.

A priest riding on the shoulders of an ogre over five meters tall begins to chant holy magic, and the ogre's flesh glows with radiance.

The ogre's tendons, thicker than a human finger, begin to bulge up his forearm.

Humans, vampires, and demons.

-krrrr

The two Lycanslopes also have a shape.

-To the great ancestors, and to the devil!

-Grrrrrr!

The orcs, too, were covered in blue earwax.

They follow the galashi after the nana shallots. Same okra.

Galarsh didn't seem to like it, but he'd lived too long to have a racial identity.

Undead, demons, and humans.

A small army of only a few hundred men.

-knowwhat!

A horde of monsters and the strangest army in the world are about to collide.

The great iron rod the ogre wields glows with holy light.

-Bam!

The head of the giant monster that was charging the ogre is blown off, and the ogre roars.

-Goddamn!

-Ach, my ears are falling off!

Waves of monsters come crashing in, and the Death Knights, Olivia, and the demons defend the Wizard and Riana against them.

-Kwalung! Kwalung!

Despite the weather, Riana summoned a lightning storm from the sky, blasting away the monsters as they fell.

It's blocking it.

It's definitely holding up.

But as the monsters who can sense magic and see through it attack us first, the ones who can't sense it realize we're coming and soon begin to close in.

It was an exhilarating sight to behold, like waves rolling in to crash over us.

-Currrrrr!

Fireworks.

As he projected his magic at the oncoming monsters, the earth ignited and vast areas were engulfed in flames.

-knowwhat!

Small and medium-sized monsters that are not large enough to withstand the flames, or that are not naturally immune to them, will begin to die in the firestorm.

Nevertheless, the surviving monsters are pushed back and crushed by Olivia and the Death Knights.

The howls of monsters, the shouts of ogres, and the lore of Lycanthrope shake the land.

The swarms of flying monsters in the sky were also aware of us and darted at us.

"Suck!"

Blue lines of energy surge through Herriot's body, and space begins to warp around a point in the sky.

-chiyiying

Dozens of bizarre refractions of light appear, as if the world is warped.

After.

-Crackle!

A massive shockwave is unleashed, shaking the earth as well as the heavens above.

Shockwave.

The wings of the flying monsters shooting down toward us are torn off and their bodies explode.

A shockwave from the heavens tore apart or crashed a thousand monsters flying toward us.

Our individual power is worth a hundred bucks a day.

However, we're not one in a hundred, we're one in a thousand.

There are tons of them.

The third tornado unleashed by Riana begins to tear through the land.

Even though the tornado was in a faraway place, we could almost feel the earth-tearing winds.

Even this far away, the wind pressure was palpable, and the tornadoes were uprooting trees and screaming monsters.

Deathknights and demons crush enemies who get too close, whether it's with flames or thunderbolts.

Does this make sense?

How does it make sense that so many monsters appear, and even if you kill them, they keep appearing unless you break the warp gate.

I feel a vague sense of despair at the absurdity I've created.

Even if you kill it, it comes back.

The warp gate, once a boon to humans, becomes their most dangerous scourge.

The tragedy, or rather the absurdity, of my haphazard, half-assed thinking makes me realize what a shallow human being I am.

-Grrrrrr!

In the vague sight of waves of creatures crashing in.

I'm doing this to find salvation, but.

I know that one day this tragedy will end.

How many people will have to die, and how many will be sacrificed.

Who dies.

Who will survive.

-Crunch!

A lightning-breathing creature reduces one Death Knight to ash, and Olivia climbs on top of it, stomping on its feet and knees, and plunges her magic sword Tiamata into it as if it were an acrobat.

-Die, die and answer the call of the powers that be.

Olivia whispers a curse. A black flash of light from her blade pierces the creature's brain.

-Swoosh!

The lightning-breathing creature suddenly turns its head and begins spewing thunderbolts at the oncoming monsters.

-Crunch!

The Thunderbolt, which used to burn Deathknight, now burns monsters to death.

Olivia raises the Tiamata, and the darkness that pours from it takes hold of the bodies of the monsters that have died.

The decapitated and dismembered monsters are brought back to life by the demon's power and begin to run toward them in the opposite direction.

Bite, rip, tear.

The more enemies you kill, the more bodies you have, the more powerful you become.

The monsters that came at us in waves are now waves of the undead, rushing toward you.

Despair is replaced by desperation.

Olivia Ranze, with her demonic powers wrapped around her, was almost dominating this battlefield.

The tables were turned when the dead monsters woke up and started pushing on our side.

Instead of protecting the mages from the monsters, they start pushing the horde.

The power to raise the dead, including necromancy.

Class B's Anna de Guerna also joins the fray this way.

But Olivia manifests this power not through magic, but through the power of God.

The scale and impact was overwhelming.

But even then, it's only a small bulwark against the tsunami.

The longer we fight, the more the hordes of Serandia's monsters will eventually focus on this small disturbance, and the larger our fight becomes, the more the others will flock to us.

As the scale of the fight grows, so do our limits.

A few hundred men is not enough to fight a war against hundreds of thousands. Even if they were a force to be reckoned with, the enemy would be in the hundreds of thousands, and even then they would be constantly replenished.

But we're not here for a suicide mission.

We're buying time.

Time for Riana to summon Tornado.

And.

-Woof!

Archmage of Five.

And time for the vampires of the Vampire Council to complete their magic.

-Currrrr!

The magical storm shook the earth as if it were an earthquake.

I've never seen it before.

You don't know what happens when you hit this level of magic, this level of power.

When Akrich and Rukren manifested, I could see countless shooting stars pouring out of the torn void in the sky.

And now.

The magic of five ancient beings and the wizards they bred.

Summon Meteor Shower.

As if the fist of a god had struck the mirror that is the sky.

A blue sky, torn and fragmented, with a dull night sky.

The darkness of the void and the constellations and galaxies within it were projected.

And from there, rays of light begin to fall.

Even in the midst of a life-or-death battle, it was a surreal sight to behold.

Thousands of bundles of light, originating in the distant heavens.

As the meteor strikes the atmosphere, it plummets toward the earth, bathed in a white flame that can burn away the day, even in broad daylight.

Hundreds of beams of light, seemingly slow but actually faster than sound, continued to fall from the rift in the Void, descending toward the earth.

"This is......."

I don't want to bring about the end of the world in the name of stopping the gate.

This is what they mean when they say you burn thatch trying to get rid of bedbugs.

A large meteor was enough to make that anxiety overwhelm me.

Slowly but surely, the meteors plummeting to Earth were picking up speed.

It's not about being faster.

The closer you get, the more realistic the speed becomes.

Tornadoes rage on the ground and meteors rain down from the sky.

Crush the monster-infested hells with natural disasters.

A meteor strikes a distant land near the horizon.

-Flash!

With a flash, a massive explosion engulfed the area.

That was the beginning.

-blink!

-Currrrrrr!

With a roar that tore through the atmosphere, the meteor began to vaporize the neighborhood of Serandia.

I fervently hoped that those flashes would blow the warp gate away as well.

I could only pray at the same time that the meteor wouldn't destroy the world.

A meteor struck the world, and its impact sent flying creatures flying, torn apart, and crashing to the ground.

The monsters on the ground disappear with the crater.

But hopelessly, I couldn't erase all the monsters.

It fell over such a vast area that where the meteor didn't hit, there were still monsters, and they still outnumbered us.

-Koo-koo-koo-koo!

And hoping for a meteor to hit the warp gate was like hoping for good luck.

You can summon meteors, but you can't aim them.

The warp gate was affected by the meteor strike, but it did not shatter.

Due to the strength of the gate itself, the gate was able to withstand the impact of the meteorite impact blast.

We were hoping for a giant meteor to make a direct hit on the top of the warp gate, but that didn't happen.

But the point is, there were monsters everywhere, and they were clearly being slaughtered in a shower of meteors.

The number of monsters is shrinking dramatically, and it's an ongoing process.

But monsters are also pouring out of the warp gate.

I already knew that a meteor shower might kill the monsters, but a direct hit on the warp gate would be crossing my fingers.

"Herriot!"

"Yes!"

At my call, Herriot leapt through space and landed right next to me.

"Let's go."

I begin my descent into the meteor shower and stormy inferno.

Destroy the warp gate.

With my own hands.

By the time the Allies arrived, it would have been replenished to the point where monsters would be everywhere, if not at this level.

At this very moment, the monsters are dwindling dramatically.

The time for the elite few to get their hands dirty is now.

It doesn't know how far it can go, but it will destroy as much as it can and get away with it.

The rushers are me and Harriet de Saint-Ouen.

Only two.

-Crunch!

A storm of thunderbolts summoned by Riana was clearing a path for us as we raced toward Serandia.





Episode 540.





-▒▒▒▒!

An indescribable roar shakes the earth.

They couldn't even keep their balance on the shaking ground as the meteors fell, and that was true of the monsters with their feet on the ground.

The tornado was very far away, but it had skin-tearing winds.

Shockwaves, earthquakes, and storms from striking meteorites.

Just as the monsters couldn't move properly, I found myself in a similar situation.

The reason Herriot is with me is simple.

This was because any meteors that could directly harm us would be blown elsewhere by the portal Herriot had created in thin air.

And an escape, just in case.

-Grrrrrrrr!

But neither earthquakes, nor windstorms, nor shockwaves could affect the fleshy beasts.

-Bang! Kwalung!

A bolt of lightning from the sky struck the monster with the head of a lion and the body of a snake, but it only flinched a few times.

Herriot cast the exploit and detonated it in the creature's face, but it only flinched slightly.

Monsters that can't be killed by fire, thunderbolts, or magic.

As the situation escalates, there are more and more immune monsters.

-Woof!

The blue auror-wielding Alsbringer impales the giant snake's flesh and rips it apart.

It's not often that a monster is immune to a physical direct hit. Especially if it's an Auror Blade.

That's why melee is always the best way to fight, and a useful way to fight until the fight is over.

Once.

-Crack!

-POOF!

Twice.

-skuck!

Three times.

-knowwhat!

With one sweeping motion, I cut off the snake's waist, and the snake-like creature's fuselage snaps in half, like a tree snapping under the weight of my body.

Rampaging monsters disappear in meteor showers and their explosions, while flying monsters constantly crash to the ground.

Monsters struck by lightning are reduced to ash.

Nevertheless, the overflowing monsters scream and come to kill me and Herriot.

Herriot, who wears a barrier to protect himself from gusts of wind, runs with me.

-Flash!

Shockwaves, explosions, and flames caused by fireworks.

We try to break through the waves of monsters and destroy the warp gate.

I wouldn't call the original world a paradise.

In the original world, disastrous things happened everywhere, all the time.

But even if you can't call it a paradise, a world where you have to watch it all the time and everywhere is hell.

Putting this hell behind us and ending the Gate debacle doesn't mean paradise is here.

The world will never be the same.

Still.

Nevertheless.

I know I can't make paradise, but I'll at least lift you out of this hell.

-Currrrrr!

A giant creature, able to fly through the fierce gusts of wind, emerges and begins spitting flames at Herriot.

"Reinhardt!"

Herriot's barrier shields us from the flames' breath.

The flames were melting the area out of range of the barrier in no time, and they were burning and killing the monsters that were charging at us.

That's about it.

There are worse monsters out there.

And at some point, you have to fight the last monster.

-Currrrrrr!

I and Harriet watched, dumbfounded, as the earth rumbled and roared, as the monsters melted away beyond the breath of flame.

-Quack!

The breath of flame that seemed to scorch the ground beneath me and Herriot for all eternity ceased, and I watched as the creature that had cast a giant shadow over the land was struck by a meteor and fell, missing a wing.

Instead of a warp gate, the meteor hit a much larger monster, and the shockwave from the collision was a bonus.

-캬아아아아악!

-Koooooowwww

A slow falling monster crashes down, crushing hundreds of monsters.

Responding to disaster with disaster.

"It's not long now."

"Yes."

Herriot freezes the melted ground with his freezing spell, and we're off again.

The goal was not far off.

And soon enough, we found our first target.

-Currrr!

The monsters come out.

No, that's not coming out, that's pouring out.

Monsters were pouring out of the glowing warp gate, as if they were pouring in.

The spilled monsters became waves of flesh, rising and falling, most of them crushed to death before they could even stand up.

But out of the ever-flowing waves of monsters, something takes shape and rises, and as soon as it is born, it rushes toward us as if it recognizes an enemy.

Before we even reach the gate, the oozing flesh of the monsters is itself a wall we must breach.

Summon a meteor shower, spark a tornado, or create a lightning storm.

If we don't destroy the cursed warp gate, it won't be long before monstrosities overrun the entire area.

We need to break that.

Only by erasing it from the world can this curse be broken.

It's not going to be paradise.

Hell can be escaped.

Herriot's entire body begins to surge with blue energy.

Soon, the glowing blue power lines and the power cartridges glowing in Herriot's necklace were no longer blue, but white.

Only once.

You just need to clear the way for a moment.

It was just me and Harriet breaking down the gate.

The rest of us are only supposed to provide remote support, and that's the way it is.

Because we are enough.

Against the waves of flesh, Herriot focuses his magic on his fingertips.

It compresses and compresses and compresses horsepower to the limit, concentrating it into a single point and firing it in a single direction.

There's no such thing as a magic name.

An attack based solely on Herriot's understanding and control of mana, a concentrated burst of refined and compressed energy.

Honest disenchantment, that's all.

-Koo-koo-koo-koo-koo!

However, the blast of magic from Herriot's fingertips is a storm of energy in itself.

Even monsters with antimagic powers are consumed by the storm of power.

In an instant, the way opened and the warp gate that had been hit by it remained intact, enveloped in a red barrier.

Are you sure you can survive an energy storm of this magnitude?

I know that reinforced warp gates can't be broken by ranged sniping, but is it even possible with this much power, and if so, does a direct hit from a meteor do any good?

There's no such thing as time to despair.

If the first doesn't work, try the second, and if the second doesn't work, try the third and fourth.

It just tries until it breaks.

There's no such thing as time to waste.

I run instinctively toward the open road.

Run, run, run, toward the warp gate that spits out the monster once again, energizing the Alsbringer to its limits.

Stabbing the Alsbringer into the shields of the Warp Gate.

command.

"Department...... go!"

That's it, one.



* * *



Outskirts of Serandia.

"This is....... What is......?"

Kono Lindt was speechless as he watched the scene unfold before him.

-Kuung

-Flash!

-currrrrr

Three tornadoes of incalculable proportions were swirling around Serandia, hundreds of thunderbolts were killing monsters every second, and meteors were raining down from the sky.

It was such a devastating sight that if anyone saw it, they would say the world had finally come to an end.

High in the air, his body pinned to the ground, Kono Lint watched the disaster of Serandia unfold in real time.

Kono Lint didn't come here on a reconnaissance mission.

You're in this place because you're arbitrary.

No explanation is given by the General Command for the bizarre things that are happening up ahead.

Kono Lint had scouted out some of the first strange situations, but since then, only a few units have been sent on frontline reconnaissance missions.

Some in the Alliance already knew something strange was going on, and Kono Lint was no exception, having seen it with his own eyes.

Something too big and inscrutable to be called an imperial power is helping.

Kono Lint was out scouting on his own, hoping to see what he could find before the Serandia assault.

The sky opens up and a meteor rains down.

Lightning strikes.

-Whoosh!

"Ugh!"

The wind was blowing in gusts that threatened to tear my ears off, even though I was anchored to the ground.

In a storm where he can barely keep his eyes open, Kono Lint tries to take in everything that comes into view.

On the ground, a battle was raging.

A tiny dot against a monster wave.

dots, but somehow they're hanging in there.

They pale in comparison to the Allied forces, but they are clearly fighting.

They're too far away to get a good look, and while they could approach at any time, Kono Lint doesn't dare.

Battles in the city's outskirts.

And downtown Serandia.

-Flash!

Konorint could clearly see one of the warp gates flash and crush.

Kono Lint clearly remembers.

The day the heavens opened.

From that day on, it was as if the world was cursed, and the whole disaster began.

The gate incident is said to have originated from the devil, and Kono Lint knows it.

But why was a spell used by the Devil's minions cast on Serandia, and one of the warp gates blown away?

With the gusts of wind making it hard to keep my eyes open, I couldn't really see who was fighting where.

But it's possible to guess from what's happening.

A meteor falls.

Lightning is summoned.

The magic of the Demon, and the psychic powers of Riana, who disappeared with the Demon.

'Reinhard......?'

Why are the people who allegedly caused the gate crisis so desperate to break it?

"Are you saying that Reinhardt was the one who broke through the Allied lines so far?

Conolint doesn't know what's behind it.

However, if it's a demonic force here.

If they are trying to destroy the warp gate, they could destroy humanity if they unleashed that power on the Alliance.

Is something that should be known not being known?

Is there a truth that people should know but don't?

Something is different.

There's a disconnect between what people think they know and the truth.

The moment Conor Lint had that thought.

"The rat is......."

"!"

Kono Lint squinted as he saw a gray-haired old man appear out of thin air.

"There you go."

"Holy......!

It was faster for the old man to reach out to Lint than for Kono Lint to use spatial travel.



* * *



"Reinhardt, we have to get out of here!

'Just one more, just one more.......'

'It's time, they're all pulling out, we've done enough!'

'Still one....... There's still one....... And at least one.......'

"No!

One large warp gate.

Medium one.

Small two.

You could call it a miraculous major, and it was enough to give the Allies a significant boost.

Thank goodness for Herriot.

Otherwise, I could have gone on a rampage to break one more thing and done something irreversible.

The main body backed me up for the allotted time and returned to Edina, and I was about to make a stand when Harriet scowled at me and retreated.

Yes, I did post a miraculous major.

I tried to do something beyond my capabilities and was forced to retreat by Herriot's urging, and it's a good thing our forces were not harmed.

By the way.

I couldn't help but narrow my eyes at the familiar face hanging limply from the Vampire Clan mage's shoulder.

"......What is it?"

"We have a spy, and we've got him, great one."

Antirrhinus secures a strange piece of loot called a cono lint.



* * *



Antirrhinus seized Conor Lint, who had been watching the situation.

How in the world did he spot and capture this guy in that situation?

At least Kono Lint has seen the scene.

You've probably gotten the idea that it's my faction that's in Serandia.

We don't know what Kono Lindt thought when he saw it.

But Kono Lint saw something he shouldn't have.

We can't send them back to the Allied lines as they are.

One wrong word from this guy and you've got a major disaster on your hands.

So.

"......."

"......."

I was back in Razak, watching Kono Lint, who had just woken up.

When he woke up, he was frozen with his mouth hanging open.

He doesn't say anything, just rolls his eyes.

"Bounce?"

"......!"

You're such an asshole.

Kono Lint is an ability, so he can run away if he wants to.

"It's nice to bounce, but do you know where you are?"

"Uh, that....... Yeah......."

What he doesn't know is that he's in Rajakra in the Edina Archipelago, the southernmost part of the continent.

At this rate, it would take years to spacewalk across the continent until you found an Alliance base.

You may think I'm a long time coming, but I'm not.

So I'm not all that unfamiliar with KonoLint.

This guy, on the other hand, was just rolling his eyes like he didn't know what was what.

"Because if you run away, you'll be lost and found as a skeleton, you know what I mean?"

"Uh....... Yeah."

"I'm not going to be rough with him, and I don't see why I should be. Let's talk, and after a few words, I'll send him on his way to the Allied lines."

Kono Lint could only pay lip service to the situation.





Episode 541.





We're not putting Kono Lint in jail.

Antony hadn't asked me to do it in the first place, I'd captured him, and I had no intention of treating him like a prisoner.

In the first place, Kono Lint wouldn't know where the Edina Archipelago was attached, and he wouldn't know anything about it from looking at the landscape.

Of course, that didn't mean it was an open space, just one bedroom in the master suite.

There was no conversation about how long it had been or how I was doing.

We're not in a position or relationship to have that conversation.

"So, you didn't come here on a reconnaissance mission, you just wanted to check things out on your own terms?"

"Uh, uh, uh....... Yeah......."

Konorint nodded slowly.

Even in Temple, the Ganodab triplets, who were all for Kono Lint, scared me a lot.

That hasn't changed now. It's gotten worse.

From school asshole to continent-spanning asshole....... I've become more than that, and if I'm not scared, that's weird. Because even if these guys aren't what they used to be, I've changed even more.

No matter what the circumstances, even being kidnapped, Kono Lint couldn't help but notice the haggardness in his complexion.

It's inevitable that the Allies will notice our presence.

I knew Sarkegar was watching, of course, and that the rumors hadn't spread beyond a certain point, even though I was in the Allied garrison myself.

Shanapels, imperial mages, and a handful of troops tasked with frontline reconnaissance.

That's about as close to the truth as you can get.

The rest of us might recognize that the Empire is hiding some kind of strength, or that it's hiding some kind of important information.

Kono Lint scouted Serandia on his own, without orders from higher-ups, and found us.

"Whatever you saw, it's true. We're trying to deal with the gate situation in our own way, that's all."

"......."

At my words, Konorint stares at me still.

"You're....... devil."

"Right."

I know this now, but when I nodded nonchalantly, Kono Lint's complexion grew even more haggard.

"You caused the Gate debacle....... caused the gate situation......?"

He looks at me, breathless.

What to say.

As it turns out, they're right.

There were many stories and misunderstandings, but in the end, Elise was the one who caused the gate.

It happened to save my life, so I can't say no.

"It turned out right, but it wasn't what I wanted, which is why I'm doing this."

"......."

"I don't want to go into details, and there's no point in doing so, but everything I've done, from when I entered the Temple to now, has been to stop this gate, even though it happened because of me. It's not what I wanted."

I wonder if he'll believe me.

I don't think Kono Lint would understand me if he saw me fight the monsters of the Gate for my life.

This guy lost his family too.

If you're focused on the fact that I caused the gate to happen, no matter how good a reason you had, then there's nothing to hate me for.

"Why did I make you....... Why....... trust you?"

Terrified, Kono Lint stutters, but manages to continue.

"The whole Gate thing was....... You caused it to get back at the humans....... You want the Gate Crisis to end, and so do we....... Maybe that's why you're helping the Alliance, so that when the Gate is over....... to wipe out the humans like you did in Serandia....... If....... Maybe that's what you're doing......."

Conor Lindt continues his suspicions about me.

Monsters attack humans and demons alike.

A gate event occurred to destroy humans.

But if humans perish, demons are next.

So maybe they're grudgingly helping the humans now, and once they've solved the gate situation, they're going to stab them in the back and wipe them out.

Actually, it's a pretty plausible assumption.

It's the same for demons and humans alike that the Gate situation needs to end. So help the Alliance. They're just using the humans until this whole situation is resolved.

"Oh, I like that idea."

"????"

When I suddenly complimented him, Konorint froze.

"I'll use that as an excuse later."

"Excuses. What......?"

There's a saying that goes something like this.

If the Alliance realizes that the Demon Army is helping the humans, they'll be confused, and they'll only work with them temporarily, knowing that they'll have to work against them later.

With that excuse, I'm tempted to go ahead and ally with the Allies.

I mean, at the point of joining forces with the devil, is the coalition going to splinter?

Why people need to convince the devil to cooperate.

It's a good reason to embrace it right now.

People made assumptions about my intentions, and that's what caused all the trouble.

So once again, there's no shortage of educated guesses.

Conor Lindt, who had no idea what I was talking about, stood frozen in place.

Kono Lint is in Razak for now, but he doesn't know where he is.

I was going to let it go.

But before we get to that, let's make sure we're not talking out of our asses.

"First of all, I don't want you to tell anyone that I'm clearing a path ahead of the Alliance or that I'm breaking down warp gates. You haven't seen anything."

"You want me to pretend I didn't see it?"

"Yeah. If word of this gets out, they'll think I'm doing this for some sort of ulterior motive, like you're picking up on now. There is no such thing. I just want the gate thing to be over. I don't have an agenda, I don't have a plan. I'm telling the truth when I say I didn't want the Gate to happen, and if you don't believe me, that's fine, and you have no reason to believe me, but the truth is, what can you do about it?"

The events leading up to the Gate debacle.

I could tell you about it. But there were too many moments that were overly wordy, rambling, and disjointed.

"Are you sure....... You didn't want this?"

"Yeah."

"So like I saw today....... This is how you're helping the Allies?"

"Yeah."

This guy saw it firsthand.

You've watched your armies battle it out in Serandia.

I ended up destroying a few warp gates, and watched as the monster desperately fought back.

Now that you've seen it with your own eyes, you can see the sincerity in my words.

"If this isn't....... If it's not what you did....... If it's not what you wanted....... Isn't it something people should know......?"

Kono Lindt looks at me and asks.

"People know....... and you know it's all because of you."

"Right."

"I know that, and....... I'm still not convinced."

"I suppose."

Some things are hard to believe when you see them.

If I'm kidnapped out of nowhere and told that I'm the cause of everything, that I didn't actually do anything wrong, will I believe it?

You'd be an idiot to believe it.

"Why did this happen and....... If it really wasn't your fault....... you're being unfair."

"Other people need to know the truth. If you're really....... If you're innocent. shouldn't you?"

"I don't think what you said was just....... I don't see why you need to make excuses for me, and I don't see why you need to make excuses for....... I don't see how convincing me is going to....... It's not like anything big is going to happen, so why tell me this......."

"Um, I don't know, whatever."

"Let's assume you're telling the truth. I still can't believe it."

"By the way, if what you say is true......."

"It's not your fault, but everyone says it's your fault....... Is that....... okay?"

Konorint asks.

"Is that okay?"

You can't say you're fine, even if you're dead.

Because it's not okay, in fact, it's not okay at all.

It's just that we recognize that it's unavoidable.

It's just not trying to do something about the inevitable.

"Then....... If you're innocent, people hate you for no reason, and......."

"It doesn't make sense."

"Meaningless?"

"If people know, it's more of a problem."

Knowledge is power.

If you know, it's your problem.

Those who don't know the truth hate and loathe me.

But what if you find out the truth?

They will not abandon their hatred of me, but they will hate Ellen and the imperial family.

I will hate everyone who kept this secret from me and blamed everything on me.

Nothing is gained except the spread of hate.

It's not that we don't want the truth to spread because we have some sort of heroism or noble purpose.

If it spreads, it will only divide and confuse everyone.

In truth, no one benefits. Only he does.

So I'm not going to tell Kono Lint what really happened.

Because finding out will only give you more people to hate.

I didn't want that.

I just want the gate debacle to end.

I'm past the point of wanting them to understand or believe me, but that's all I could say.

"The truth that will divide us all will only bring us all down."

"......."

"If that's the truth, I'd rather not know."

If it's a problem that can be overcome by my frustration, I'll be frustrated.

It's not okay, and I can't say it's okay at all.

But if it turns out to be just not good enough, so be it.

"So, pretend you didn't see it."

That the devil is fighting for the true end of the gate situation and wants nothing else.

It's a truth that will never be understood, and it's even worse when it is.

Sharing this responsibility among multiple people will only create more targets for hatred, and division will only lead to everyone's downfall.

Kono Lindt stares at me, still.

He was silent for a while.

You won't believe me. Because even though I've seen you fight, I need an end to the gate situation just as much as he does.

You can also accept that you're just temporarily helping the Allies, with the consequences to come later.

If anything, I think you're more credible.

To those who have lost something, my words ring hollow.

Even if you can trust me, it doesn't change the fact that I'm the cause of the gate.

"You....... I used to think you were a weirdo......."

Konorint smirks.

"He's even weirder than I thought."

The word "weird" now had a positive nuance to it that was a bit different from the weirdness of the past.

"Yeah, no one's going to believe you if you tell them you were running for your life in Serandia trying to break down a gate, and they're going to tell you that the war made your head hurt."

He laughs hysterically.

In his cat form, Kono Lint has made leaps and bounds in his abilities, but he's still a bit of an idiot.

I do.

If Kono Lint were to tell a story that no one would believe, it would be more than just strange to most people, it would be stomach-churning.

You're going to be told that you've made a thousand dollars and you're going to be told that you've made a bad joke and you've fallen asleep.

"So, does that mean you're going to continue to do this?"

"As far as I can."

We can't openly collaborate with the Allies, so here we are, out of sight, out of mind, and people are going to be suspicious, but we can't let them get away with it.

As long as you're doing something, you're going to do something.

Kono Lindt stares at me, still.

He nods, as if he understood me when I said he didn't see anything.

"Okay, then I'll send you to the Allied garrison......."

"Hey, you know what?"

"Uh."

"That....... Well......."

Kono Lindt shakes his head.

Also, I feel like I'm making a bit of a face.

"It's been a while since....... No, I don't think this is the time to talk about......."

What are you trying to say?

Kono Lint scratches his head and looks at me in confusion.

"Was that you?"

"......?"

What is "that".

What do you mean "was it you"?

It's only two words, and for a moment I couldn't figure out what he was talking about.

No, I think I know what it is, so I don't know more.

a.

No way.

Holy shit?

No.

You answered too late!

Before I could answer, I noticed the panicked look on his face!

"Gee, was that really you?!"

"Oh, no, no, no, no. What's that, what's that, what's that, I have no idea what that is. I have no idea."

This.

No way.

Should I kill it?





Episode 542.





We were talking about humanity and stuff when suddenly Kono Lint brought up the almost-fading memory of the pageant.

How long has this asshole been around?

I was even late in responding, which convinced him.

"It was you, you asshole!"

Kono Lint leaned back, his complexion haggard.

"Well, I thought you were a weirdo, but that's not the problem, you're an even weirder weirdo!"

"No, no, no, no, what's that, what's that, what's that, asshole, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know!"

"You....... Why do you have such a hobby as......?"

"It's not a hobby! It's not!"

"Well, at least I know what you're talking about, so I guess that means you're right, right?!"

Dried.

I don't think it was intended, but it dried up nicely.

When did I start to suspect this asshole?

And why do I still remember it?

"Give me back my original, you son of a bitch!"

Kono Lint exclaimed, his face turning white.

"You crazy motherfucker, it was a cross-dressing contest in the first place!"

"I don't know, give it back, you crazy bastard!"

Why are we even talking about this?

I finished, summoning an Alsbringer in my right hand. Konorint's complexion turned white.

"......I knew you weren't supposed to know."

Why am I threatening now?

"I'm sorry. Die."

But Kono Lint was not intimidated at all by the sight of the Alsbringer in my hand.

"Don't you dare lay a finger on me. I'll tell the world you're cross-dressing."

"......."

Why.

Why.

This is what happens!

"I don't trust that any more than I trust your work today, you son of a bitch!"

Who the hell believes the devil won a cross-dressing contest?

I did, but no one believes me!

I should really kill him.

This won't work.

-Whoosh!

I swung Alsbringer and Kono Lint moved to the other side of the room.

"I swung it! I'm going to tell Ellen, you crazy pervert!"

"......."

I felt my blood run cold.

Too late.

You've already been caught.

Beyond Bertus, I've gotten to know this asshole.

"If you don't let me go safely, tomorrow you'll see the whole garrison singing a song about how the Devil is a cross-dressing pervert. You pervert."

I felt like my last shred of sanity had been blown away.

"......I'm a pervert?"

"Well, then you're a pervert. Yeah, if you're not a pervert, what are you?"

One could argue against Kono Lindt's statement.

I'll admit that I did some of the bullshit for a reason, and I was forced to do it.

After all, didn't I come full circle and go through all that bullshit to get to where I am today?

Yes.

I have to admit it.

"Yes, I'm a pervert."

"What......?"

Konorint's complexion turned even bluer at my nonchalant admission.

"Well, do you think that's all there is to it?"

"......?"

"You think my perversions are, like, that bad?"

My cold laugh stiffened Konorint's expression as he stood there, pinned to the wall, ready to flee.

"You."

"Early Admissions."

"First year."

"Initial."

"While eating dessert at a cafe with the kids......."

"I was once confessed to by a girl......."

"You know what?"

Konorint's complexion turns white at my words.

"......what?"

"And that girl, you haven't heard from her since, have you?"

I use Sarkegar's ring.

"That girl probably looks like....... Doesn't she look like this?"

"Uh....... Uhhhhhh?"

A moment of silence.

Honestly, we shouldn't even be having this conversation.

I know I don't have to.

But.

"This, this....... You son of a bitch!"

You've broken my spirit.

You too shall be broken.



* * *



'Why did you do that to me....... Why did you do that to me......?'

"You said pervert, that's because I'm a pervert.

'I'm....... but I don't know if I'm eaten by anyone because of that memory......! I used to think that, and then I realized......!

'No way! You've been tricked, you bastard. We're done talking, now get your ass back to the Allied lines!

"You devil, no, worse than a devil!

"It doesn't matter because the devil is actually right, hahahahahahahaha!

'What did I do to you that was so wrong......! I will curse you for the rest of my life, Reinhardt!'

"Go for it! There's a lot more people doing that than you! Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!

With his mental capacity reduced to zero, Conor Lint couldn't quite grasp the situation.

For some reason, Herriot meekly returned the limp Conor Lint to the Allied lines.

Of course, Herriot looked at Reinhardt, who had gone a little sour, and didn't seem to understand either.



* * *



"......."

The sight of the vast Allied advance suddenly snapped Kono Lint back to reality.

As he listened to the sounds of the grass, the soldiers coming and going, and the troops preparing to march, Kono Lint wondered if he had even been with the demon all this time.

Everyone hates the devil.

Few would believe me if I told you that the devil is actually fighting the gate crisis harder than anyone else.

Kono Lint assumed that those in the upper echelons of the Empire, including Saviolin Tana, knew this truth.

That's probably a good thing. That's probably a good thing.

That's because a larger truth had sunk deep into Kono Lint's mind.

Female.

A lingering suspicion in the back of your mind has been proven true.

Transform there.

When Kono Lint realized that Reinhardt could shapeshift, he stood as still as a statue, his mouth agape.

Perverted.

I'm a pervert at the point of cross-dressing, but I can't believe I even did that.

What the hell were you doing, what were you thinking?

It's frightening because I don't know what kind of malicious intent they have.

Reinhardt didn't want any of it, because he didn't want to be used or used for anything.

Only to raise about.

Only to tease.

"Crazy...... asshole......!

Whether the Devil is good or evil, Kono Lint can no longer tell.

The devil is a pervert.

That's it.

Continuing on, Kono Lint returned to the Royal Class garrison, where he saw an armed Ellen.

"......."

I wonder if Ellen knows Reinhardt's truth.

ConoLint doesn't know until then.

But not that truth.

Conor Lint wonders if we know the "other" truth.

It probably won't know it's dead when it wakes up, Kono Lindt is sure.

"I'm....... Ellen."

"Yes."

Ellen looks at Konorint as he finishes singing.

Ellen Artorius has been feeling a little down lately, but now that she has something to occupy her mind, she's feeling a little more energized.

Do I really need to tell Ellen that Reinhardt is actually a cross-dressing pervert, and that he's a crazed pervert who makes fun of his classmates for cross-dressing?

I can't.

"No, I thought I had something to say, but I forgot."

"......?"

Ellen shakes her head and looks around as if that's enough.

"By the way, have you seen the cat?"

"Did you see the cat......?"

"I see."

Apparently looking for a cat, Ellen scurried away.

Cat.

Cat.......

"......."

Fortunately, Kono Lint never got to the point where he thought Reinhardt would turn into a beast.



* * *



A few days later.

Ready, the Allied forces began their march.

It was more of a march than an advance. There was a long way to go, a long way to Serandia.

But like any other march, it's not a place to rest.

It's a way into the heart of the enemy, and from that heart comes a constant stream of monsters.

The march was already a battle in itself.

-Bang! Quack!

-Flash!

-Woof!

The entire army was in a state of readiness, not only for the battle, but also for the monsters that would flank the marching troops.

What awaited at the end of the march was not a rest, but an even bigger battle.

When an army is most tired, it must face its hardest fights.

The march through the enemy lines was a march and a battle, and the noise of battle was constant day and night.

The army had to move forward while fighting, and fight while sleeping.

The good news is that in the harsh winter, the weather doesn't freeze the soldiers.

A cool autumnal climate, if not midsummer, was optimal, though the fatigue of the march itself and the constant battles could not be overcome.

-Good thing the weather is nice.......

-What would have happened if it had snowed.......

-The heavens are helping us.

The closer we got to Serandia, our primary operational target, the more monsters we encountered.

"The Empire's fleet has already destroyed three warp gates - one large, one medium, and one small - in a preemptive strike. This should make the assault on Serandia a little easier."

The Major of the Demon Army had already checked the General Headquarters.

This lie would become an increasingly obvious lie. Those who do not know the truth will gradually come to recognize that there are forces aiding this war, and that they are the forces of the Devil.

It's playing with the devil's hand, and if it comes to light, it could split the coalition.

But the temptation was too sweet.

How much combat power can be preserved and how many people can survive in exchange for silence, a little lying, right now.

Everyone realizes that the Emperor Bertus and the leaders of the General Command are hiding an important truth, but no one wants to know it.

Whatever help you can get, it's making the war easier.

Louise von Schwarz, who holds a seat in the mobile command center, was one of those silent mouths.



* * *



Does war really need music?

We don't know about music, but we can all agree that we need sound.

-dong-dong-dong-dong

There's something about the thunderous sound of a war drum that instinctively elevates humans.

They say there's a soul in the sound of a drum.

Drums are made from the skins of living things, so maybe that belief is justified.

We don't know if the sound truly has a soul, but it certainly has a role in stirring the human spirit to something.

On any other battlefield, this drumming would be unnecessary, but on this particular battlefield, it's even more necessary.

-Kiaaahhhh!

-Grrrrrr!

-keeeeeeeeeeee!

Only then will you be able to drown out the cries of the raging monsters in the tidal wave of monstrosities from below the hill.

Because we need to push the fear that comes from sound away with sound.

After a long, long march, the Allies finally reach the battlefield and look down on Serandia, the city they must capture and hold.

Already replenished, the monster stood in the craters left by meteors and tornadoes.

-Dong! dong! dong! dong!

The masters beat their drums to tear the grip.

As if drowning out the cries of the monsters would actually make them recede.

You drive back the fiery monsters and smash the warp gate.

Once you've accomplished this seemingly impossible task, it's not the end, but the next battle.

Doomed to be torn apart by the teeth and claws of a monster at any moment.

Next, and next, and next.

And then beyond.

The army of death that must go to the last battlefield must face its first despair.

No thinking required.

Despair is worthless.

Forget it.

You have to fight.

As if to say, don't think about anything but the fight now.

-Dong! dong! dong!

The drums anesthetize the soldiers.

At the sound of it, which colors the soul with rage, the soldiers' eyes are filled with despair, fear, and a premonition of death.

I feel a surge of anger.

There's no place to back down.

There is nothing but death behind, beside, and in front of you.

There is no place for humanity to retreat.

If yes, then forward.

If you're going to die anywhere, go down in a direction that's closer to everyone's survival and victory.

That's what this is all about.

If this or that kills you, take it.

To life rather than death.

In anger rather than sadness.

Rather than despair.

To madness.

Surrender yourself.

-Dong! dong! dong! dong!

The sound of the word drum.

And.

-Mighty, great, and virtuous, the five lords, grant us protection....... Keep us and protect us, and grant us all well-being and peace.......

There were countless soldiers calling out the names of the gods like madmen.

-To our enemies.......

The soldier's eyes glow eerily, drunk with fear and despair.

-to the enemies of humanity.......

In despair, in inscrutability, one can only seek the Absolutes.

-death.......

Good luck with that.

It's not just people who lose their minds and call on the name of God.

-May Allah protect us!

-Thump! Thump! Thump!

At the shouts of the Paladins of the War Gods, a reddish tide begins to pour from the heavens over the entire vast coalition.

God of war.

O god of war who chose the devil.

Make our steps light for today.

-Bang!

The drums of death, beaten by the masters of despair, make everyone surrender their souls.

The commanders of each army raise their swords.

You may be broken, but you won't fall.

-Warriors!

Broken.

-Charge!

You've been knocked down.

-Wow!

Fight.

To survive.



* * *



Humanity pouring down the hill.

Monsters scorching the hills and streaking across the sky.

And the sky.

-rumbling

From the open sky, deathly flames begin to rain down.

Atop a giant crystal tower, bathed in red, a small girl reaches out to a wave of monsters.

Redina, standing on the arc crystal, says.

"We can do this."

-Crackle!

Hellfire rains down like thunderbolts on the waves of monsters.

"I can survive."

A little wizard was raining down disaster from the sky.





Episode 543.





Battle for Serandia.

While monsters breathe fire and lightning, humans pour thunder and flame from their fingertips.

In the killing fields where winter had long since receded, there was little difference between human life and monster life.

Flames, whether spewed by the monsters or the mages, crisscrossed the skies in massive explosions, while rear-mounted artillery crushed, burned, or froze the creatures to death.

-No!

With a single jerk of the monster's jaw, the bisected soldier died before he could even scream.

-Bam!

And it was only a matter of moments before a blunt hammer to the gills crushed the creature's skull.

-Bang!

Soon, the creature that lunged at the hammer wielder was met with a white glowing shield.

-Bang!

The paladin, who has been knocked back with a shield and then hit in the head with a hammer, looks around.

-Woof!

The white light from the paladin's body began to heal the wounds of the wounded soldiers lying around.

There's no point in licking your wounds.

Adriana could only watch as the soldier with the shoulder blades cut off by her divine power was bitten in the head by another creature that lunged at it, crushing it instantly.

"Suck!"

Paladins are the medics and assault troops of the battlefield.

In the most dangerous places on the battlefield, paladins are the ones who can heal the wounded who should be dead and make them run for their lives.

Aside from that, Paladins can heal wounded soldiers in the field, restoring them to combat strength.

However, it is the Paladin who has to watch the lives he saves disappear the most.

I feel even more despair because there is hope.

You can't save someone if you don't have the power to heal, so choke back tears at the sight of the wounded, but focus on the fight.

But the paladins have saved so many lives, only to watch them slip away.

I've watched lives slip away as I've fought and rescued people from the gate crisis.

Why I've never shed a tear.

The number of enemies I've had is uncountable.

But tears cannot reverse death.

Oyelowo can do nothing but remember those who are gone.

Only power.

Only fight.

Only this, a heavy, blunt hammer.

This hammer of judgment, which I switched to after I realized I was more comfortable crushing monsters than killing them with my sword.

This violence, this tearing and crushing of the enemy, is the only good, the only justice on this bloody battlefield.

-Bam!

"Hahahaha!"

-Bam!

Realizing that there is no such thing as justice beyond killing her enemies, Adriana wields the Hammer of Judgment.

Adriana is strong.

Though not a masterclass, Moonshine made him a superhuman, and he is even better than other superhumans at enhancing his body with divine power.

It's impossible to compare Adriana's abilities to those of a regular soldier.

But you can't protect everyone.

I've seen too many lives lost to save.

I've learned through countless battles that it's pointless to fight to protect.

I've been there, done that, fought for it, and put myself in harm's way.

But.

Still.

Adriana cannot turn away from the fallen.

Like when the junior who was hated by everyone was about to make a reckless move, you lent a helping hand, even though you knew you didn't have to.

Adriana hasn't changed.

Failed to change.

-Crack!

"!"

By the time she saw the bison-sized creature lunge at the fallen soldier, fangs gleaming, Adriana was already in the way of the creature's advance on the fallen soldier.

-Bang!

"Boom!"

Unable to bear the weight of the lunge, Adriana bounces off and rolls on the floor.

Fallen.

On the battlefield, if you fall out of position once, you may die before you can get back up.

Gasping at the shock that traveled through her shields, Adriana saw the creature lunge at her, gaping at her.

Exactly the nape of the neck.

Before I can get my stance right, I can't give my neck and miss my weapon.

Adriana reaches out with her right hand to the creature's gills.

-Carded!

"K......gh!"

-Crack! Krrrrr!

Your plate armor is crumpling badly.

-Woof, woof, woof!

"Off......h......."

The monster's teeth sink into Adriana's right arm, despite the protection of her armor.

Adriana is strong, but monsters can't predict her strength.

Some are woefully weak, but a simple bite can pierce even divinely protected armor and enchanted defenses.

At this rate, your arm will be torn off, and then your life.

"Ugh......!"

-Thump!

Even when you're on the ground and the monster's gills are crushing your arm in real time right in front of your face.

-Thump! Thump!

-Crack! Krrrrr!

Adriana strikes the creature in the head with the shield on her left arm.

The shield blade slashes at the creature's head, its red eyes glowing as if it won't let go, even in death.

A fight to see which arm breaks first, or the monster's head.

-Bam!

"Off....... Eek......!"

-Puck! Puck! Puck! Puck!

-to......x.......

One of the creature's heads was smashed off, and its body was left limp.

Adriana tries to open the gaping maw of the monster, which refuses to let go of her arm, even though she is dead.

There is not one enemy.

You need to get up.

If it can't get up, it dies.

Adriana desperately tries to open the monster's gills, which are now closed even more tightly because it's already dead.

There is no one to look out for you.

On the battlefield, everyone is on their own.

The soldier Adriana had saved was already bleeding from the nape of her neck, having been decapitated by another monster before she could throw herself down.

So many people fight alongside each other, but so few are willing to take their own lives. Very few, like Adriana, fight to protect others.

-Grrrrr!

And before she could pull her arm out of the creature's mouth, Adriana could see it charging across the battlefield.

It is approximately six meters in size.

Ordinary soldiers can't handle it.

They weren't coming to attack him, but with a single stomp of the creature's foot, dozens of soldiers were flying through the air, trampled and crushed.

You're confident in the monster's path.

"Ah....... Argh! Argh!"

You must somehow open the closed gills of the monster before you can get out of its path or deal with it.

It's too late.

Should I throw up my arms.

Because it's better to have your arm cut off than to die.

But how do you cut off your arm in this situation.

The monster had reached Adriana's nose.

And when Adriana finally gritted her teeth and tried to bring her elbow down with the shield blade that had crushed the monster's head.

-Digitize!

There was a spark in the air, similar to a thunderbolt, and something appeared.

What appeared as a spatial shift was a grayish metallic thing the size of a giant.

-Whoosh!

-Bam!

Adriana watched in disbelief as the giant's head exploded from the massive grayish-white metal.

"Golem......."

A giant iron golem appeared and began to trample and crush the monster.

-Golem!

-The Archduke's golem!

Just as Adriana's life was saved by the appearance of the golem, the other soldiers cheered as the giant golem began to fight alongside them on the battlefield.

Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

Though overshadowed by the betrayal of his youngest daughter, no one can deny the skill of the Archduke and the wizards of the Duchy of Saint-Tuan.

In fact, the Archduke, who had also participated in the Demon War, was using his golems to crush the monsters of the Gate.

-Bam!

-Woof!

Adriana sees the golems in action before her, and she jams her shield into the monster's gills, twisting them open.

"Ugh......!"

I could feel the bones in my right upper arm completely shattered.

-Woof!

Just as she can restore others, Adriana can restore her own body.

With her recovered arm, Adriana stands up, picking up the fallen hammer.

The golems of the duchy fight together.

The Iron Golem was battling a large group of monsters that were ravaging the battlefield as befits their size.

Adriana runs after the Iron Golem.

I recite it like a prayer as I run.

"Gods."

The young priestess says.

"Five Lords."

"With these tears."

"This fatigue."

"So many tears."

"So much fatigue."

"What exactly are you trying to accomplish?"

Drunk on monster and human blood, Adriana cries out in despair, but with her eyes alive.

For what a beautiful paradise the world we will create with our tears and blood.

Why do the gods want so much death and tears?

-Thump!

Amidst the piles of flesh of fallen and crushed monsters, Adriana slams her blood-soaked hammer to the ground and surveys the battlefield in a daze.

-Kang! Kaang!

A giant golem swept across the battlefield, terrifying to see, and suddenly the sky darkened and something plummeted to the ground.

-Kuung

"Drag......gon......?"

A monster with a pair of wings, a massive fuselage, and a lizard's head.

The mere impact of the creature, already three times the size of the massive Iron Golem, landing on the ground caused countless soldiers and monsters alike to stumble and fall.

The dragon was over six meters tall and looked down at the monster as if it were a toy.

The dragon opens its gaping maw at the Iron Golem.

-knowwhat!

-Currrrrr!

Searing flames erupt from the dragon's maw and rain down on the Iron Golem.

"ah......."

The golem of steel, which had seemed to pierce through the waves of monsters and crush them all, was burned to a crisp by a single breath of flame from an even greater monster, and turned to ash.

Strong monsters.

A human creation that is stronger than that.

But a bigger, stronger monster than that.

Humans are strong, but.

Anything can be a monster.

Adriana could not help but stiffen at the sight of the charred remains of the golem and the dragon that stood like a mountain before it.

Monsters don't despair, but humans do.

Adriana grabs the hammer with trembling hands.

Then, raise your shield.

I'm desperate, but I can't let myself fall.

Adriana runs toward the dragon, which opens its gaping maw at her with a shield over its entire body.

-Currrrrr!

As she watches the breath of fire that melted the Iron Golem pour down on her, Adriana anticipates the path of the flames and flings herself to the side.

A behemoth is a behemoth.

You may be too small to win.

But since it's small, it might be a little more immune to the beast's attacks.

It's ridiculous to talk about odds.

If every fight is a dice roll between survival and death.

It is the fate of a soldier in a war to be on the wrong side of death at some point, as long as he has to fight an immeasurable number of battles.

Nevertheless, Adriana runs from the earth-melting flames and eventually lands under the jaws of a giant dragon.

I know the flip side of death is bound to come out at some point.

You've made up your mind to fight.

Like extending a hand of salvation to those who would die only to live again.

Fighting a losing battle.

Foolishly, I decided to continue.

"Suck!"

Reaching the creature's head, Adriana leaps out from underneath it and climbs on top of it, using the horns that have sprouted from the dragon's head as handholds.

Even the head of the creature, which was larger than his own, breathed flames that melted iron, and he could feel the heat from it that no human could stand.

-Bam!

While holding the dragon's horns with her left hand, Adriana smashes the dragon's head with the hammer in her right hand.

-knowwhat!

I don't have to worry about whether it will work.

Even if you can't break it, someone will survive just by not letting it breathe flames.

If you die next, you won't die now.

That's it.

We can't do more than that, but if we can keep it for now, that's good enough.

-knowwhat!

To keep from falling off the wildly shaking dragon's head, Adriana grabs the horns with her left hand, while she slams the hammer down with her right.

-Bang, bang, bang!

Even a kendo spear won't fit through this thick leather.

Not even the most mundane magic will be able to harm this monster.

To kill the monster with the impenetrable hide, Adriana threw away her sword.

It is to slay monsters like this that I have forsaken my long-trained sword and taken up my hammer.

-Whoosh!

In a flurry of activity that threatens to blow away reason, Adriana raises the hammer.

-Bang!

Gods.

-Bang!

If everything is yours, what is at the end of the line?

Gods.

-Bam!

Five weeks.

-Bam!

I hate you.

-knowwhat!

The hammering of a god-hating priest continues as he attempts to crush a giant boulder named the Dragon.

The world may not belong to humans.

At the very least, it should belong to the living.

It shouldn't belong to these creatures of madness, who have nothing but destructive instincts.

You can't call that a world.

"Hhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Creatures beyond reason.

Toward the Beast of Destruction, where there is no such thing as Tao as a living thing.

Adriana's hammer, raised to the sky, glows with an intense white light.

Destroy the unreasonable.

Toward a beast, a machine where reason does not exist.

Adriana slams the hammer down with pure hatred.

-Bam!

Before the hammer could strike, a white bolt of lightning struck from the sky, piercing the dragon's head.

-knowwhat!

The dragon raises its head with a cacophonous terminus, but soon the behemoth collapses, its head falling with it.

-Kuung.......

"Ha ha....... Ha ha....... ha ha......."

Adriana lands just before the monster's head touches the ground and stares in disbelief at what she's done.

I don't understand what happened.

But the monster was killed by a hammer through the center of its head.

The monster fell to the paltry weapon, a toothpick compared to the behemoth.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

Catching her breath, Adriana looks at herself as if she were looking at a miracle worker, and meets the gazes of many soldiers.

-Ooooo.......

-Five Lords.......

The soldiers pay their respects to the gods even in the midst of this harsh battle, knowing that Adriana is cloaked in white light, a sign of her divinity.

Miraculous.

It's nothing short of a miracle.

Adriana looks up at the battlefield sky in disbelief.

The fight isn't over because one giant monster is dead.

Miracles like this are not uncommon on the battlefield, and tragedies like this are immeasurable.

Unless we see an end to the war, these monsters will continue to appear.

Is there even an end to this fight, with so many of them?

A desperate battlefield of waves of monsters, flames, lightning, and cold.

I wonder if there is an exit from this hell where there is nothing but bloodshed everywhere.

Adriana smashes the dragon, but despairs.

It's hard not to despair when you see monsters of similar size, or even larger, coming your way.

How many more miracles do we need.

Does it ever end.

In her post-miracle despair, Adriana is devastated.

The end of this hell.

Anyone is welcome.

End this hell.

Because it's exhausting to kill, it's exhausting to die, and it's even more exhausting to watch someone die.

The end of the world.

An end to this pain, despair, and fear.

Import.

-Thump!

-Koo-koo-kung!

From afar.

Adriana watches as dozens of flashes cross the battlefield.

-skuck!

-Quizik!

Its dozens of beams of light cut, crushed, and smashed every monster it touched, flying past the soldiers as if they were flying across the battlefield.

It's not a flash.

A being with blue magic all over its body.

The superhuman of superhumans.

Here come the mighty men of humanity for a master class.

One of those rays, Adriana saw it brush past her as she ran across the battlefield.

Dozens of flashes as Adriana stepped on the carcass of a slain dragon.

One of those flashes.

"......Ellen."

Ellen Artorius.

He could swear he saw the impassive eyes of someone walking past him, glancing at him for a moment, then back at the road ahead.

-Whoosh!

It was a wild, sharp rush that felt like a gust of wind, even though it was just a human passing by.

Warrior, Ellen Artorius, leads a master class of shortstops through the battlefield.

Every monster in its path is blown up, shattered, sliced, and trampled into oblivion.

That eerily calm, sunken expression.

Adriana finds relief in that indifference.

The other soldiers are no different.

The expression of a warrior, not panicked, not scared, not sad, but not overly confident either.

People believe in the calmness of a warrior.

I trust that stoicism, that look of the inhuman warrior.

Because it's something beyond humanity, there's an uncanny trust that it can do what humans can't, and that trust becomes faith in the impossible things the warrior accomplishes.

A seemingly emotionless warrior.

The person who will bring an end to all this.

-Scourer!

Leaping high into the air, Ellen Artorius swings her sword once at a monster as large as a mountain.

-skuck!

With a single swipe of the dark shroud that stretches from the massive Voidblade, the mountainous creature collapses, spewing blood.

Adriana had to fight for her life against a monster smaller than that.

But as they say, one strike is all it takes to kill a beast, and for Ellen Artorius, it only took one.

-Currrrrr!

Then, a whip of flame from his cloak of sunlight scorches the earth, burning thousands of monsters to death in an instant.

A calm expression and a fierce force that is anything but.

Overwhelmingly uninspired.

The warrior advances through the waves of monsters.

Led by such warriors, superhumans cross the battlefield like beams of light.

Overwhelmingly strong.

Overwhelmingly favorable.

How could people not find hope in Ellen?

Adriana's miracle is a daily occurrence for Ellen.

The monster, which Adriana can only kill by a miracle, is stunned to death by Ellen's blow.

That's why they're called warriors.

Adriana feels it as she watches the warrior and the shortstop following him through the waves of monsters.

It may be hopeless.

Maybe they can do it.

If he's that strong, this war could be over.

That's why a warrior can't help but become a believer.

They will destroy the warp gate.

This will bring everything to an end.

To believe that they will end all times of sorrow and hatred.

"Whoa......."

Adriana picked up the hammer again.





Episode 544.





The role is to bird's eye view and support the massive barrage with magic where needed.

It's always been Redina's place, overlooking a huge battlefield, and she should use her own judgment to decide whether or not to support it.

The situation on the battlefield is always changing, so Redina must always use her own judgment.

It's always a decision.

To help or not to help.

Use your telescope magic to see and analyze the battlefield and help where it's needed most.

Helping where it's needed most means not helping in some places.

You need to determine which units are important and which are not.

Let some troops get wiped out and support more important places and more important troops.

Every minute, every second, she has to make the choice between saving someone's life and allowing someone to die.

And the basis for that judgment is intuition. It's not the kind of decision that can be made through meetings and reviews.

Sometimes her biggest fear is that she might be wrong, and she's never been wrong.

Arc Crystal's magic power is not infinite.

That's why there are so many situations where you have to turn someone away.

When she makes a choice to save someone but exclude someone else based on the needs of the battlefield, she can't help but think about the people who are dying because of her decision rather than the ones she saved.

-Currrrr!

As she unleashed dozens of Shockwaves on the swarm of flying monsters flying toward her rear base, neutralizing them, Redina could only watch in disbelief as soldiers were crushed to death by the wreckage of the falling flying monsters.

If we let them get close, the artillery will be neutralized, causing even more damage.

It's a choice, but it doesn't change the fact that the soldiers died because of Redina's magic.

"......."

You may be told that you're the wizard who killed the most monsters.

After all, she's probably the wizard who killed the most people.

Gritting her teeth, Redina looks out over the battlefield.

You have to see a lot of death.



* * *



It was a battlefield of death and carnage.

Ludwig was bound to have a place in all that death and carnage.

-Pooh! Pow!

With blue mana covering his body, Ludwig was also slaying monsters.

There are many differences between now and when enchantments were just becoming available.

Due to the optimized hp from Moonshine, Ludwig optimized his hp buffs, as did the rest of the Royal Class.

Even if he didn't make it to the master class, Ludwig is definitely a superhuman.

-Bam!

Stabbing with swords, hitting with pommels, and kicking.

The lesser monsters were neutralized by Ludwig's gestures.

On a battlefield like this, Ludwig's talents are bound to shine.

"Hmph!"

-Scrub!

Don't burn out.

Ludwig had only one talent: physical strength, and he didn't neglect to cultivate it.

But Ludwig can't take on every monster.

-Crunch!

-Oh, help!

All around the battlefield, a frenzied noise of monstrous cries and human screams can be heard.

Of course, they're not the only ones fighting.

-Ah, ahh....... aaaaah.......

Some dropped their weapons and crawled on the ground in terror, having lost their minds.

-legs....... My legs are.......

There were those who were mortally wounded and slowly dying with no help for healing.

In a hell where people are dying at an alarming rate, Ludwig uses the spears and swords of the dead to fight off the waves of monsters.

Why this should happen.

Why this should happen.

Why should they have to die a horrible death.

Ludwig bitterly realizes that he cannot save the fallen, so he does the only thing he can do.

Kills a monster.

That's the only good left in the world. The other line is the one that caused this mess.

It would be the death of a demon.

However, Ludwig is no match for a terrifyingly powerful demon.

That's for the brave.

So kill the monsters.

Killing as many monsters as he can kill, as many monsters as he can face, is the only justice and good that Ludwig can do for himself.

Those who have fallen and groaned, those who have let go of their spirit, but those who still hold their weapons do not let go of their spirit, for they are all thinking like Ludwig.

Those who can't lay down their arms because they're too proud to go down as they are, fight against the disaster.

From afar.

Ludwig saw something leap out from between the waves of monsters.

-huii profit!

Something, a black sphere, flies down and lands in the middle of the soldiers.

-Woof!

It wasn't a bullet or a shell, it was a monster.

The creature curls into a ball and unfurls its scorpion-like body.

What should have been its face was merely a dark hole, with spindly tentacles running through it.

-kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!

"Boom!"

The fierce, eerie tones emanating from the abyssal hole stunned the soldiers around him, and even Ludwig, who was still relatively far away.

Nearby soldiers began to collapse, blood pouring from their eyes, ears, and mouths at the mere sound of that cursed cry.

-Kaaaaaaaaaah!

"Ugh!"

Ludwig gritted his teeth in anguish that threatened to tear his head off.

Every monster is different.

Some breathe fire and lightning, while others attack the mind.

You never know what they're going to attack with, and some of them are just plain unreasonable.

Hunkered down and covering their ears, the screams of terror that seeped through the gaps didn't wake the soldiers, and neither did Ludwig.

-Quack! Quack!

The cowerers are trampled and crushed by the swarming monsters.

Thousands were about to be wiped out by this irrational attack, and Ludwig was no exception.

The moment.

-Kaaaaaaaah!

Someone, red hair flying wildly, began to run toward the center of the screams of terror.

Even as those who heard the screams nearby bled to death without exception, the redhead charged into the center of it, seemingly unaffected in the slightest by the screams of terror.

-POOF!

I plunged my sword into its gaping maw and twisted.

-Quazik! Quadruple!

In short order, the monster was dismantled and fell.

The girl who killed the monster comes running to Ludwig, covered in blue energy.

"Are you okay?"

"Scarlett......."

"Get up, we don't have time for this."

"Okay."

Ludwig rises to his feet, feeling the reverberations of the screams echoing through his head.

A talent named Immunity.

It makes no exception for monsters.

For some reason, the monsters' uncanny powers don't affect Scarlett at all.

No flames, no concussions, no mind-bending terror.

As long as it wasn't a direct attack, Scarlet was free from the power of all those monsters.

That's why Scarlett hunted down and killed monsters who wielded unreasonable power.

Without Scarlett, even Ludwig would have fallen flat on his face and died.

It saved Ludwig's life as well as the lives of many soldiers.

But we have to fight harder to avoid the next crisis.

Before Ludwig could get himself upright, Scarlett was already running into the middle of the battlefield.

What is the monster?

Scarlett's immunity keeps her safe from the monsters' uncanny powers, but it doesn't protect her from the physical force of their grasping, tearing, and biting.

-deaddead

The ground weeps.

"Earthquake?

And now there are monsters that cause earthquakes every now and then.

No.

-deaddeaddead!

As Ludwig watches the growing tumult of the earth, and the earth beginning to tremble in response to its echoes, he realizes that it is not caused by any special force.

When you don't know what you're up against, your instincts are your best friend.

Intuitive, immediate situational awareness and action.

When Ludwig realizes that the huge rumbling in the ground is not an earthquake, but something is coming from underground.

And when she saw that giant echo coming at Scarlett's feet.

"Scarlett! Dodge!"

"......!"

-Pow!

Ludwig watched as a worm with enormous, hideous gills erupted from the ground, devouring Scarlett, dozens of monsters, and dozens of soldiers.





Episode 545.





The earthquake was simply a vibration caused by a giant monster crawling through the ground.

And the giant monster burst forth, devouring vast swaths of land.

-Queueueue!

And so, no matter how fast, no matter how well prepared, the giant Worm, which had devoured the monsters, the soldiers, and Scarlett in an instant, howled with hundreds and thousands of barbed teeth bared from its gaping maw.

Scarlett was devoured.

"No!"

He can't let Scarlett, who just saved his life, die in vain.

I don't know how to deal with that giant monster.

Ludwig grabs his sword and runs toward the giant worm.

Unbeknownst to the other soldiers, Scarlet is capable of enchantment.

We don't know how long we'll last, but we'll be able to survive in the belly of that giant worm, a little longer than others.

Before that.

We need to dismantle that monster before Scarlett runs out of breath.

The sword in his right hand is a toothpick compared to that behemoth.

But he has no choice but to do it. Ludwig runs as a giant worm emerges from the ground, its massive head thrust toward the soldiers, who are horrified by the creature, and devours them.

We don't know how to trim it, but we'll trim it.

I run, determined to get Scarlett out of that gill if I can.

-Quueue!

Ludwig dodges, then stabs his sword at the creature's head.

-Bam!

"Cr......gh!"

It's obviously going in.

Swords don't always cut it.

But too much of a good thing can be overwhelming.

I could poke at it all day and still not break it down.

Can you save Scarlett from being trapped in the belly of this monster?

-Whoosh!

"Ugh!"

The monster raises its head, and Ludwig's body, still clinging to the sword embedded in his chest, floats into thin air.

This monster is shaking off a hanging human with a knife embedded in his body.

This in itself has saved countless lives, as the monster's movement has been contained.

But that's not enough.

A little more.

You'll need to slice and dice through this hide to get to the scarlet.

Ludwig's eyes fill with blood.

-Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!

I can't do it, but I'll do it while I can.

Ludwig gritted his teeth and stabbed his sword through the air.

If it was a master class.

If only it were stronger.

Ludwig gritted his teeth and swung his sword to save Scarlett's life before it was snuffed out, but it wasn't enough.

The truth is always devastating.

What you can't do, you can't do.

-Woof!

"Boom!"

Guisu deliberately slams his head on the ground, shaking Ludwig off.

-Queueueue!

Then he roars at Ludwig, who has spun around.

It's like he's going to swallow the one bug that's been bothering him.

That moment when the monster's hideous gills spill out.

-Tuk-Tuk!

-Ke-e-e-e-e!

A huge spear of ice flew out of nowhere and stuck into the worm's gills, jerking it backward.

-Bang! Quack!

With that, a slew of offensive spells begin to fly out of nowhere, hitting the creature squarely in the gills.

It's a hopeless battle, but you're not alone.

Wizards, who have been watching the situation from the rear, provide magical support when a monster appears that requires urgent action.

-Queueueue!

The worm becomes a mop in real time.

Humans are not weak.

The power that humans have scraped together is not weak.

Humanity's last army is the strongest because it is the last.

And.

"Move over, Ludwig!"

Ludwig heard Delphine Izdra's voice above the screaming monsters.

When I turned around, there was Delphine, with a protest hanging from her one-handed bow.

Just as a sword is a toothpick in the face of that behemoth, so too is Delphine's arrow a toothpick.

But it's not just an arrow.

Having awakened to the rare power of Elementalism, Delphine Izadra's arrows are anything but ordinary.

-Woof!

Delphine's arrow, condensed with wind, emitted a grotesque wail.

A wind so condensed that space seems distorted, an arrow so imbued with elemental power, and the moment it is fired.

-Two bangs!

With an explosive roar, the arrow shot into the worm.

-Bam!

Ludwig watched, wide-eyed, as the shockwave created by the release of the enormous wind force compressed in the arrow ripped the monster's gills right off.

In the midst of the spray of flesh and monster blood, Ludwig saw Scarlett, her whole body covered in monster blood.

Alive.

Scarlett, who has been protected by a blue energy shield, falls to the front of the battlefield.

The other soldiers who were swallowed are already torn apart, but Scarlett is unharmed.

But he was unconscious.

An enchanted blue shield protected Scarlett, but it was fading.

Even more unfortunate, Scarlet landed not on the Allied side, where the soldiers were, but in the direction of the monsters, as if bouncing off them.

"No!"

Supporting fire from the mages and Delphine's power allows Scarlett to escape the creature's body, but at this rate, she will be torn apart by the onrushing monsters.

We were under siege.

Scarlett, unarmed and abandoned in the midst of the monsters, lay motionless as they swarmed her from all sides.

Ludwig runs.

"Ludwig! No!"

Delphine shrieked as she realized Ludwig was about to make a reckless lunge.

But Ludwig runs, pulling the dead soldier's spear from the ground.

You can't take on giant monsters, but you can kill what you can kill.

-Thump! Quack!

Ludwig opens the way, charging like a chariot with his human body.

Stabbing with spears, punching, and kicking.

Run toward the waves of monsters that are closing in on Scarlett.

Too many people die because of a momentary lapse in judgment, a moment of injustice, a moment of injustice.

Ludwig gritted his teeth, picked up the weapons of the dead, wielded them, discarded them when they broke, took up new ones, and charged.

Delphine thinks she can't stop Ludwig, too, and opens up with a barrage of flame, thunderbolts, and wind-laden arrows.

If Scarlett is swallowed by a wave of monsters, there is no next.

"Turn off......!"

The wizards' backup support is probably going to go elsewhere, so hoping for their help is like hoping for luck.

You can't hope for luck on a battlefield where there's more bad luck than good, so Ludwig runs through waves of monsters.

-Quack!

No matter how much Delphine pierces the monsters with her spirit-powered arrows, other monsters fill the void.

Stabbing, slicing, and dicing, Ludwig eventually reaches the fallen Scarlett and picks her up.

But there's more to it than just picking up Scarlett.

The only way to survive is to get out of this hellhole.

Obviously, you can't protect against every attack.

Ludwig's only free hand is his right, as Scarlett has been picked up.

-Puck! Kwazik!

-Queueueue!

-keeeeeeek!

"Eek......!"

Your pace is naturally slower than when you're alone, and you're not as free to attack.

Your mages are supporting elsewhere, and your soldiers can barely handle the monsters in front of them.

-Bang! Quack!

The only thing that helps is the arrow that Delphine shoots as she approaches to save Ludwig and Scarlett.

Without it, he would have been swept away by the monsters and buried with Scarlett.

Under supporting fire, Ludwig takes it one step at a time, kicking and stomping his way through the oncoming monsters, trying to stay out of their midst.

But in the end, Ludwig has a square.

And while some monsters are overly large, others are not, and they are bound to be less visible.

We're almost out of the wave of monsters.

Ludwig saw a small snake slithering toward him from the side too late.

Small snake.

Ludwig was a little late to the party, but that doesn't mean he didn't react.

"......!"

-Bam!

Just as the little snake was about to bite him, Ludwig grabbed it with his right hand.

Not the head, though, but something a little further away.

A snake will bite if it can't get a hold of your head.

"Oops!"

-Bam!

Just because it's small doesn't mean the attack is any less devastating.

The small snake's sharp teeth pierced through Ludwig's magical enhancements.

And.

"Eek!"

Ludwig couldn't help but groan at the intense foreign sensation of something pushing through the gaping wound and the burning pain of his nerves.

"Ludwig!"

Delphine's complexion turned blue as she watched from afar as Ludwig was bitten by the snake.

"Eek!"

-Woof!

Ludwig swung his right hand a few times like a whip at the door snake, and it soon slithered away, but the wounds from the bite were already evident.

"Off......aah!"

Even Ludwig screamed in agony at the pain of the teeth that dug into his grip and the venom that burrowed through them.

But you can't stop walking.

-Two bangs!

Once again, Delphine's arrows pierce the waves of monsters swarming toward Ludwig and Scarlett.

In the distance, Delphine watched Ludwig with an arrow in her hand.

-Run away!

Delphine's urgent cry.

Ludwig takes each step with his left hand, supporting Scarlett, while enduring the burning pain in his right hand.

The wound on his right hand and the disoriented Scarlett believing that once he got to the rear, things would work out.

-Kwazik! Bam!

Ludwig fights his way through the waves of monsters, trying to ignore the graying areas in real time.

The venom of the small snake was clearly having a devastating effect on Ludwig's body.

The arm is probably good.

Instead, we need to keep Scarlet alive.

If you fall here, if you collapse from the pain, Scarlett will die.

Ludwig gritted his teeth, stomping on the monsters with his feet rather than his uncooperative right hand, running toward the path cleared by Delphine's supporting fire, and soon he was out of the middle of the horde.

"Ludwig, are you okay?!"

The Delphin's primary role is to provide ranged support, including Elementalism, from the rear.

But when he saw that Ludwig and Scarlett were in danger, he went deep into the battlefield.

"I'm, I'm fine, I'll get Scarlett to....... faster than me"

"No! Your hand feels weird right now......!"

-Whoosh...

Delphi is too.

Too much.

We're in the deep end.

Suddenly, Ludwig and Delphine felt the sky darken.

The behemoth was already leaping toward them.

"Ludwig! Du......!"

But Ludwig wasn't the one the creature was after.

Leaping over Ludwig, he recognizes a more dangerous presence and attacks.

-Bam!

"Phew!"

Ludwig saw waves of monsters, a giant wolf with hundreds of eyes that leaped over his head and bit Delphine's shoulder blade.

The blue magic that enveloped Delphine's body was crushed, and the wolf's massive teeth sank in.

-No support!

"Del...... pin?"

Delphine's body is crushed by the wolf's teeth.

Ludwig could only watch in disbelief as the death took place in an instant.

-disconnect.......

Delphine Isadra, blood spurting from her mouth, speaks with only the shape of her mouth and the last of her strength.

No elemental power, no Ludwig, no nothing.

In the heat of the moment, I was unable to stop the rush of the great monster.

It was a moment.

It was only for a moment.

But it was a moment that took Delphine Izadra's life far too easily.





Episode 546.





Battlefield Rear Area.

"Your Highness, final checks have been completed."

"Finished this one too."

A place of relative tranquility, even in Hell, with monster cries, human screams, and battle cries and drums all around.

As Adelia debriefed him, Archduke Saint-Thuan looked at the massive array of mechanical devices strewn across the rear.

It's not just Adelia and the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

The wizards of the Duchy of St. Thuan were also bustling about, examining the gigantic mechanical contraption.

"I'm nervous because I've never done a trial maneuver before......."

The Archduke stared stoically at the devices, which to the untrained eye looked like the remains of some great building.

"I think it's going to work."

At Adelia's words, the Archduke nodded in agreement.

Researching on the battlefield is too difficult.

The Archduke and Mages, who were supposed to be on actual operations, worked on this long project on less sleep after the decision was made to end the Alliance.

With Adelia, the girl who created the genius artifact that is the power cartridge.

A talent for magic crafting.

The Grand Duke's daughter also helped create the Power Cartridge, but in the end, the Power Cartridge would not have been created without Adelia.

Reinhard, a demon, gathered the children of the Temple Royal class to create an impossible object.

And less than a year later, things were made.

Moonshine and power cartridges.

It was a vital supply for the Allies at this time.

The arc crystal that Redina is using right now is also a modification of the power cartridge.

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan denied Reinhardt's idea.

But as the devil said, the two objects were made.

As if they knew the future.

Reinhardt knew exactly what the kids were capable of.

If so, other impossible things.

Now that we've made a small one, let's make a big one.

Something bigger than the world's largest man-made object.

Believing that it could be done, the Archduke hatched a plan.

The emperor approved, and the girl who designed the power cartridge cooperated fully.

The Archduke suggested that with a child who had created an impossible object, he could teach him the knowledge and skills of the duchy to accomplish another impossible feat.

And after a lot of trial and error, experimentation, and late nights, this is what we came up with.

"I hope this can continue to help you in the future......."

"I hope so, Your Majesty."

The Archduke was holding a blue orb, and Adelia was holding a red orb.

It is such a powerful weapon that it is not meant to be started by a single person.

Archduke Saint-Thuan, Chief Research Officer.

And Adelia, our lead researcher.

If they don't start together, this artifact doesn't work.

"Go live."

It's an artifact that hasn't even been maneuvered because it's only been inspected until the Serandia campaign begins.

No, I wonder if we can call this an artifact.

-currrrrr

Pieces of a giant organ begin to float into the air.

It wasn't even a building, it was a giant mountain that seemed to be standing up.

-Pajik!

Sparks fly, and the organs attach themselves one by one.

-Bam!

Everyone could only stare in disbelief as the behemoth meshed with a dull thud.

A mountain rises.

Soon enough, the giant parts, interlocking and interlocking with tons of dirt, form a cohesive whole.

A giant, mountain-like golem that supports itself on two massive legs.

A giant whose head is so tall that you can't even see it when you look up to tilt your head back.

Adelia stares at the enormity of the work and says nothing.

"Maneuver confirmed."

"We have a short maneuvering time, so we don't have time to waste. We're going in right away."

"Yes, Your Highness."

-Currrrrrr!

The blue energy core at the heart of the behemoth begins to glow.

-digging support!

The flesh of the Colossus fades from the ends of his limbs, as if fading away.

The flesh of a megalomaniac in the limelight doesn't disappear.

is to move it.



* * *



Same rear region.

From the top of the Arc Crystal, Redina saw something like a giant mountain emerge from the middle of the monster waves in downtown Serandia.

Something appears, enveloped in a blue light.

She had heard that it was coming.

-Currrrrr!

A golem three times the size of the largest monster on this battlefield.

"Is that....... Titan ......?"

The final weapon of the Alliance, created by combining the technological prowess of the Duchy of Saint Thuan with the genius of Adelia.

Titan, the colossus.

Redina could hardly believe her eyes as she watched the behemoth travel through space, even if it was only for a short distance.

No, it's because of its size. In fact, the distance traveled by that behemoth in space is by no means short.

Because of its enormous size, the spatial movement is sequential rather than instantaneous, so it's like watching a behemoth that blends into the space slowly reveal itself.

-Kugugugung!

Redina watched, frozen, as the energy cannons that poured from the behemoth's grasp began to pulverize the monsters.

-Woof!

Any monsters that are not pulverized by the magic cannon are crushed by the colossus' steps and disappear.

-Kuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu

The Colossus turns and stares at the city of Serandia.

The Titan takes a step toward Serandia.

-Thump!

The kneeling Titan faces one of the warp gates spewing out the monsters, his fist raised high in the air and slamming downward.

With destructive, world-shattering physicality.

-Koooooowwww

Redina watched.

A warp gate, albeit a small one, breaks into pieces and disappears.

Redina gazed at the Titan's majesty through clenched teeth, as if she had found hope in despair.

Breakable.

Non-humans can also break warp gates.

Not yet.

"That's it! Kaier! Kaier!"

It's a battlefield where you shouldn't be laughing, but she's found hope, and she cried out, jumping for joy.

"The Titans have smashed the warp gate!"

Kaier was too deep in the heart of the Arc Crystal to see this.

"I can smash a warp gate with a Titan!"

I shouted to make him feel a little bit of this joy.

"Hey, aren't you going to answer me?!"

In the Arc Crystal, they spoke to each other as internal communicators, so it was impossible not to hear them.

The third time I called out, there was no answer.

Then, she realized that the arc crystal wasn't charging its energy balance.

"!"

As if on cue, Redina descended from the Arc Crystal Observatory and made her way to the core.

When the girl descended the tower and made her way to the Arc Crystal's core power source, she found Kaier lying on the ground.

"Ka....... Kaier......?"

Redina's complexion turned bright blue.



* * *



The Titan's startup time was about seven minutes at most.

It takes a lot of horsepower to power a golem of that size, and the Titan was more of a rush job that could no longer be put off before the big battle.

As such, the amount of time the Titans were able to engage in direct combat was only a small fraction of the overall scale of the battle.

But 7 minutes.

The Allies' jaws dropped when they saw what the Titans could do in that time.

Even as the battle raged on, the Titan's majesty was a majestic sight to behold from anywhere on the battlefield.

Monster Waves.

A colossus that intercepts and crushes those waves.

Soldiers, commanders, knights, paladins, and even wizards.

I couldn't help but feel a sense of divinity in the giant Titan's presence.

The call of the priests is answered by the god of Mado, and the behemoth that seems to have descended upon the world tramples and crushes the monsters.

Perhaps one more god should be added to the five major deities.

If the sum total of magic is like that, then magic is the only god in the world.

Watching the great crusher trample and crush the inscrutable scourge, everyone could not help but feel a sense of divinity that had nothing to do with its substance.

-Whoosh!

The Titan slams his raised fist into the ground.

-Currrrrr!

As if a meteorite had fallen, the ground turned over and the Allied soldiers could see the monsters being buried and crushed.

But God's miracles don't last forever.

-Pajik!

After a seven-minute descent into the world, the miracle of Mado disappears in a blaze of blue light, just as it had appeared.

Seven minutes is a short time.

However, time is only as efficient as the beings who use it.

-Charge! Turn around, turn around, turn around!

Titan's seven minutes was enough time to blow a giant hole in the monster wave.

-Dong! dong! dong! dong!

Miracle-struck, the Allied forces began a renewed assault on Serandia.

Monsters have no fear, no morale, and no will.

However, as much as it doesn't make monsters weaker, it doesn't make them stronger either.

Only numbers and sizes.

They alone are the power of the monsters.

That number had dwindled to nothing.

So, the outcome was set in stone.

The Allies have captured Serandia.



* * *



"The Battle of Serandia is over, Your Majesty."

"You made it through the day....... Good."

I was listening to Eleris' report from the Spires of Razak.

You can watch the battle, but there are monsters everywhere and the Alliance is in the middle of it.

I didn't know if I'd clumsily monitor my surroundings and provoke allies or monsters into a battle I didn't need to be in.

I decided not to engage in combat at this point since I had already struck the first blow.

So I stayed in Razak, with only Elise dispatched.

To be more precise, I didn't want to stand by and watch people die over and over again without being able to do anything about it.

You never know when you're going to have a bad day, and if you do, you're going to be out of control.

The Battle of Serandia is over.

With that, the Allies have accomplished one of their goals.

"We've also confirmed that the Titan was activated in this battle."

"How was it?"

"It was an indescribable sight to see ....... It was like the mountains were moving."

Colossal Titan.

There's also a Royal Class garrison and a sarkegar.

So I knew the Allies were working on a war machine project.

Titan is one of them.

It's a war that doesn't pay much attention to security, but magic is a secretive discipline to begin with, so digging up information isn't easy.

A collaboration between Adelia and the Archduke.

It's not that I didn't want to see it with my own eyes.

There was no such thing as a giant weapon in the original. This one ended up being created by a variable.

Arnaka, capital of the Principality of Saint Thuan.

And in the White Palace, Arnaria, almost all of the guards have been replaced by golems.

Herriot disappeared, and the Archduke worked with his daughter's friend, Adelia, to create a giant war machine called the Titan.

Different plots, different stories, and one of the offshoots will be Titan.

I can't even begin to fathom the amount of resources the Empire poured into making it.

"It has a very short maneuvering time, but if improved, it could play a significant role in future battles."

"I suppose."

It's a weapon fit for war.

We had already broken the warp gates with our preemptive strike, so there were relatively fewer gates and monsters for the Allies to deal with.

With the advent of the Titans, combat became even easier.

Compared to the original situation, the allies are stronger, and we were never there in the first place.

Therefore, dealing with the gate situation is an easier situation than the original.

The battles ahead will be harder, but they'll be better than the original.

But an unfathomable number is the same thing.

The fact that immeasurable numbers have survived does not change the fact that immeasurable numbers are dying.

I wonder if someone I know is dead.

Maybe something happened to someone that was irreversible.

"......."

The Allies are victorious.

However, I was afraid to find out the reality of the Allies.

I couldn't help but dread the news from Royal Class.





Episode 547.





All warp gates in Serandia, a large city south of Ryzeln, have been destroyed.

After all, all armies, even Titans, are actually decoys.

Ellen Artorius.

Saviolin Tana.

A force led by them alone would self-destruct in waves of monsters. With so many variables blocking magic, including spatial travel, it was becoming impossible to quickly deploy and escape through magic.

That's why you need others to draw attention to the monsters.

Those who are weaker and can be replenished by death are the bait.

Bait by a cruel dichotomy, they attract the attention of monsters that are more than even Ellen or Savior Tana can handle. They break through the loose monstrous encirclement and maneuver to destroy the warp gate.

In the end, it's the same as taking unimaginable risks with bait and switch or core troops.

Of course, destroying all the warp gates doesn't mean the battle is over.

The occupation of Serandia will not end until the monsters that are already here have been exterminated, and the surrounding lands have been secured.

There was no time to rest for Ellen and other individually powerful fighters.

Even after all of Serandia's warp gates were destroyed, they still had to leave to exterminate the monsters that were swarming around Serandia.

After an arduous march, a terrible battle was fought, and victory was won.

But those who had to fight the hardest battles still couldn't rest.

Throughout Serandia, there were still the cries of monsters and the smoke of burning corpses.



* * *



Casualties are inevitable in war. But the Crusader Knights are the last of humanity's stretched forces.

During and after the battle, the clergy were busy tending to the wounded.

Those who possessed the power to heal wounds were not allowed to rest after battle, but were forced to tend to the wounded.

Like Adriana, the paladins could heal themselves as well as those who were injured.

However, not all wounds can be healed.

To heal someone whose life is in danger, you need a priest who can perform such a miracle, and there aren't many of them.

Just because you have the power to regenerate and heal, doesn't mean you have near-universal access to it.

The number of people dying in the clinics was staggering.

Before the priests could properly close the eyes of the dead, they were forced to turn their attention to other wounded soldiers, with no time to bemoan their lack of power.

"Ludwig!"

"......."

"This is....... What the hell is going on!"

The royalty started rolling in.

"Your arm is......!"

"......."

When Christina saw that Ludwig's right arm was bandaged where it should have been, she covered her mouth and began to freak out.

The snake's venom was deadly.

It gradually petrified Ludwig's arm.

Ludwig's treatment came too late, and he was forced to amputate his arm before the poison could spread further and endanger his life.

But that wasn't what mattered to Ludwig.

Someone who isn't here.

You don't know who won't make it back safely, but you know they won't.

Still, it was time to break the news to everyone.

"Delphine is....... is dead......."

"What......?"

Ludwig's words drowned out the crowd.

A moment of consternation.

And then silence.

"Oh....... No......."

"He died trying to protect me and Scarlett....... He's dead......."

Ludwig muttered to himself.

The snake's venom was deadly, so before finding a priest, Ludwig realized that if the venom spread from his arm to his neck, he would die.

That's why Ludwig cut off his arm.

With my own hands.

Cutting off his own arm, Ludwig carried the stunned Scarlet to the rear of the battlefield in search of the priests.

Not even avenging the monster that crushed Delphine Isadra to death.

I could only look away in tears as the creature devoured the crushed Delphine, then stalked across the battlefield.

He couldn't afford to lose Scarlet, so Ludwig retreated.

No, it ran away.

Scarlett was cowering in the corner of one of the tents, covering her face with both hands and sobbing incessantly.

-Because of me....... Because of me.......

The Royal Class students were also in tears as they watched Scarlett freak out, unable to breathe, and Ludwig, mesmerized.

Crying people.

And Ludwig, unable to cry, stood there, staring at the ground.

Scarlett shows up to save Ludwig from danger.

This put Scarlett in danger, and Delphine saved her.

Ludwig jumps in to rescue Scarlett, who has fallen in the middle of the battlefield.

Round and round and eventually.

Delphine, who had ventured too far in for support, was killed by the monster's attack.

I couldn't even touch it.

Weak.

That's it.

It was a weakness.

"It's all....... It's my fault for being weak......."

Ludwig mumbles something incoherent.

"I was weak....... I did everything wrong......."

Ludwig, who had lost his right arm, stared blankly into space.



* * *



While there are certainly priests who can perform miracles that can reattach severed bodies, there are no priests who can perform miracles that can restore missing body parts.

Therefore, those who have been crippled by physical defects cannot be healed.

Ludwig has lost his right arm and can no longer fight.

You'll be forced to fight using only left-handed numbers, but it will be very different from what you're used to.

Just as so many died, so too did a staggering number of Temple alumni.

The 20,000 or so dead may not seem like much of a bleed compared to the overall Allied numbers, which were in the hundreds of thousands.

It's just a reminder of the battle ahead.

You just don't know how many more people will die in the ensuing battle.

Obviously, the unexpected help reduced the damage, but in the end, no one is going to die.

Just as there were deaths in the Temple, there were bound to be deaths among the very elite Royal Class, as when Ludwig lost his arm.

It was a battle of epic proportions.

Those whose bodies remained were fortunate. They could at least be buried.

The ones who never come back, no matter how much time passes.

Instead of waiting for them, I had to accept the fact that they were dead.

Therapeutic tents for the relatively important.

Redina's complexion was pale, and she stared down at the unconscious man from her bedside.

The teacher checks on Kaier.

The teacher, who had once taught classes at the Temple, including one on magical sensitization, looked at Redina and asked, puzzled.

"Didn't you know......?

'Yeah....... I had no idea.......'

'......Mr. Kaier must have been deliberately silent.'

'.......'

Redina could only stare blankly down at the pale-faced Kaier.

It was just after the battle, so the garrison had an air of victory and death, and this tent was no exception.

How much time has passed.

"ugh......."

"......."

Redina bit her lip as Kaier frowned, coming to his senses.

Kaier suddenly lost consciousness, and when he came to, he was dumbfounded that he had realized what was happening.

"Seo, you can't be....... Did I pass out?"

"Uh."

"Oh, no, no, no, I did the best I could....... I didn't do it because I wanted to....... I didn't do it because I wanted to......."

Kaier's face went white as he realized that Redina, who was always so quick to pamper and pat him on the back, was going to yell and throw a temper tantrum this time.

Because that's how it was for the most part.

And since he was unconscious during a very important battle, he wouldn't have been able to use the Arc Crystal properly.

In fact, after sending Kaier to the medical doctor, Redina had used up all the energy in her Arc Crystal and could no longer aid in the fight.

Naturally, I was speechless.

I don't know how many more people I could have saved if I hadn't fainted.

Kaier thought so too, feeling sorry for himself for passing out, and thinking that there was nothing he could do about Redina's temper tantrum.

Even Redina's expression was grim.

Not sure what to say, Kaier swallows hard.

"What, you didn't tell me?"

"......what?"

Redina was furious.

However, this time it was a little different.

"He says you're dying from overdoing it, Mr. Teacher."

"......."

That made Kaier's jaw drop.

But Redina stays still and looks at Kaier.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"......."

Their magic is enormous, and their healing speed is far beyond that of normal people.

But unless you have unlimited magic, there are limits, and using magic is a red herring that can be used up in an instant.

There were a few times when Kaier would collapse from exhaustion. But Redina hadn't realized that would be the cost of drawing life.

The chae-geun, bo-cham, and screaming behavior so far.

Little did Redina know that she was gnawing at Kai'er's life.

"So....... me....... Did you really want to make me that bad? You could have told me. No matter how bad I was, no matter how much I was being a bitch to you. If I knew you were doing that to me, would I....... Do you think I would have kept doing it the way I've been doing it? Why....... Why didn't you tell me?"

Redina's lips were trembling.

She didn't realize what she was doing wrong or what she was pushing until it was too late.

Kaier did not tell Ledina that he was dying.

What I didn't tell you is that I'm gnawing at my life for more horsepower, having drawn it to the limit.

Kaier stares at Redina in silence.

"You're not the only one who feels bad about people dying."

"......."

"If you know this, you won't be thinking about it in the heat of battle."

We only do it because we know that in exchange for a shortened lifespan, we can save someone else who deserves to die.

"It's just, it is what it is."

Clearly, Redina is troubled when she begins to think that what she's using might not just be mana, but magic that was forged from Kai'er's life.

Even now, some troops are being supported and others are being abandoned.

If the number of people killed in the aftermath of a spell is less than the number of people it can save, she believes it should be done.

Add to that Kai'er's life, and Redina has even more to give up.

Just as Redina screamed at Kaier because she cared about people's lives, Kaier didn't tell Redina what he needed to tell her because he cared about people's lives.

"I'm not going to die right away anyway."

I don't want you to hesitate.

With her lips pursed, Redina's eyes fill with tears.

"Bullshit......."

It's a hierarchy that is firmly out of whack.

They are absolute to each other, but they hate each other.

"If you die, I'll be useless. Save your life for ......."

"That would make the arc crystals obsolete."

Redina rolled her eyes at Kaier's self-deprecating comment.

"Why do horses do that?"

"Didn't you always say, you don't need me, you just need the power cartridge. I'm just a more efficient power cartridge."

Their relationship had been swallowed up by the hateful words.

Every word I said out of anger, resentment, and frustration became an indelible scar.

"It's nice when a lowly bastard who can't even manipulate magic can save a life, right?"

In the midst of Redina's tirade, Kai was not unharmed.

It couldn't be good.

Kaier's self-loathing was already at an all-time high.

Seeing Kaier like that, Redina's eyes fill with regret.

"I was....... I meant to. I meant to say....... I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't....... I've been bad. I've been wrong. I've been bad. I've been too hard on you. I'm sorry....... I'll apologize. So don't say that....... Don't push yourself....... I'm sorry....... I'm sorry I was so....... Oh, brother....... I'm sorry......."

"Shut up."

"......."

"Let's keep doing what we're doing."

Anything in between.

No matter what they think of each other.

"Like I said, I'm not dying right now."

Now, there's no turning back.





Episode 548.





Bertus travels back and forth between the ecliptic and Allied positions.

But this was a special case, and Bertus watched the battle from start to finish.

Despite the pleas of his vassals that he should return to the ecliptic because of the danger, Bertus watched.

I saw monsters sweeping the battlefield, tons of magic, falling monsters and humans.

"6 minutes and 47 seconds......."

And the Titan's first maneuver.

Archduke Saint-Antoine, the head of research, and Adelia, who had been virtually instrumental in the Titan's design, stood before Bertus.

Neither of them had yet heard the news of what had happened to their classmates.

"This whole war has been a very short period of time, and it's amazing how the tide can turn in such a short amount of time....... I wonder if that's what war is all about."

"......."

"I'll try to extend the maneuvering time a bit more, Your Majesty......."

Adelia said in a fidgety, creeping voice in front of Bertus.

"I'm not criticizing you. That was great. No, it was great. If you're running Titan too long and it's causing catastrophic permanent damage, that's more of a problem. I'd rather see it run for such a short time."

"Well, is that......."

"We can't afford to build another Titan, and if it's destroyed, there will be no next one."

It was an empire-building project.

Even at the height of the Empire's power, such an enormous investment of resources would never have been authorized for such a weapon of war.

This was a war for the fate of humanity, and no matter how successful they were, they could no longer afford to delegate power to a mage barely twenty years old.

As far as magical materials go, the Empire can no longer afford to build golems that are even half the size of the Titans that currently exist.

This means that if you run a Titan long enough that it is permanently destroyed, you can't recreate it.

Adelia couldn't help but feel depressed at Bertus' words, thinking that she could have saved more lives if she'd had more time to maneuver.

Materials are more important than people.

Titans are not human.

However, if you have to trade a Titan for an Allied division, you have to do it.

Weapons of war are more important than people.

So when Bertus said that it was more important to keep the Titans alive to the end of this war than to keep them alive long enough to save lives, there was a brutal logic to his words that was both grimly realistic and undeniably cruel.

Bertus looks away from Adelia and toward the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine.

"What about the corruption rate?"

"There was approximately 14 percent external frame damage."

Bertus narrowed his eyes at that.

"That much?"

It was only up and running for a little under 7 minutes.

No matter how intense the short battle, Bertus couldn't help but feel a bitter taste in his mouth at how damaged the Titan was.

"We designed the Titan to have an inner armor and an outer armor. The Titan is wearing a core frame with an outer layer of armor. As long as the inner frame is intact, the outer frame can take any amount of damage and self-repair. You can think of it as wearing a self-repairing sheet metal armor."

"I'm glad to hear that ...... is being repaired."

It's a golem designed for the long haul, not a one-off, and it's so damned big that it risks collapsing on itself.

Bertus breathes a sigh of relief when I tell him that the Titan's exoskeleton is practically a buffer zone and repairs itself.

If it's a full-blown weapon project and you're only going to use it a few times, it's not going to hold up.

"Anyway, I wish you both the best of luck in your future endeavors to maintain and improve Titan."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"Yes, Niet!"

Listening to their answers, Bertus sat back in his chair.

"The Archduke would like to speak with me for a moment."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Adelia returned home, and only Archduke Saint-Thuan remained in Bertus's barracks.

I hear the cries of monsters in the distance.

The occupation of Serandia was not over. The army would need another four days to properly rest.

Clear the perimeter, secure it, and set up a garrison.

Long marches and battles never come to an end.

"......."

"......."

Bertus was silent for a moment, listening to the sounds outside.

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan was silent.

"Archduke, do you think the Titans would have been better off with Herriot?"

"......."

"What do you think?"

At the sudden mention of his youngest daughter, the Archduke stares at the Emperor in silence.

He wasn't smiling, and his expression wasn't all that stern.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

It's as sensitive a topic as the Devil, and certainly more so for the Archduke.

The Archduke has a lot to live with for what his youngest daughter did.

Just as the Emperor doesn't seem particularly outraged or reprimanded, the Archduke doesn't show any emotion at the mention.

The Archduke was never a very expressive person, but after his daughter disappeared with the demon, he became even less so.

The Emperor's Question.

Titans.

And the existence of the youngest daughter.

"I don't know."

That was all the Archduke had to say.

"Because I don't know what you mean by 'better made' - if you're talking about longer maneuvering times, or more weapons, or a stiffer inner and outer skeleton, or something like that, then I suppose that's possible, but if, as you say, a Titan breaks after a long run, I don't know if that's what you'd call well made."

Bertus laughed at the Archduke's words.

"I see, maybe we don't need to improve Titan."

"I can't help it if you think it's an excuse for a technician who didn't make it right."

"Not at all, I don't see why I would."

Bertus crosses his arms and leans back.

"The reason I'm bothering to tell you this is because I'm not going to give you a medal when I could just give you a picture of it."

The emperor gives a short tongue-lashing.

"I can give it to Adelia, but I can't give it to the Grand Duke. Or any of the duchy's wizards."

"I am aware, Your Majesty."

Sins committed.

I don't know if it should be called a sin, but people think it is.

Adelia didn't create Titan alone, but it will be her own.

Everyone knows that the Grand Duke and the Duchy of St. Thuan have been involved, but they will see it as a gift of technology to pay for their sins.

The Archduke was neither sorry nor angry. He had no interest in such things in the first place.

"There's no point in talking about this now, because we'll have to wait until the war is over before we can talk about the balls and talk about the awards, but I just wanted to tell you that when you can't even get a medal for something like this, people are going to be horrified to know that one of the keys to this weapon is in the hands of an archduke."

"I see."

Bertus stares blankly at the ceiling of the tent at the Archduke's nonchalant response.

"Scared people do strange things, and if you use them well, and draw them in, you can create an empire....... If people know there's a killer living next door, they're going to flock to the house and set it on fire."

"Like we invaded Darklands, whether or not they attacked humanity."

"Whether your neighbor is a murderer or not, isn't it possible that he could start a fire?"

"Likewise."

"Whether the Grand Duke is a collaborator of the Devil or not, people can set fire to his tents, to the Duchy of Saint-Thuan."

"The Alliance saw the Titans crush the monster today, and we know that one of the keys is in the hands of the Archduke."

"Archduke."

"Watch out for scared people."

"I'm sorry that's all I can say."

The terrified.

Those who looked upon the archduke in awe became afraid of him.

In the raids, terrified humans drove their loved ones into the cult and slaughtered them.

He hates the Archduke because he doesn't know where the Devil is, and he doesn't know where his youngest daughter, who followed him, is.

For all the afterthoughts, the Archduke had no reason or inclination to explain.

So far, the Archduke has been a great help in the war. And today, the Archduke was a decisive help.

But the weight of that help is so great that it makes people fear the archduke.

Titans.

It will be afraid of what will happen if it tries to step on the Allies.

The Archduke might have other ideas.

People who are frightened themselves may say and do strange things out of fear.

The emperor was warning against it.

There are no prizes.

They're just a bunch of sinners.

"You may return to your duchy if you wish."

"I guess we'll have to leave the keys to the Titan behind."

"......Yes, I'm afraid I can't help you with that."

The Emperor cannot reward the Archduke, but he can give him a chance.

A chance to back out of this war.

No one recognizes the honor of an archduke anyway.

It will even become dangerous. So, the more you march, the more you give those who should be feared, despised, or hated a chance to step aside.

On the contrary, the allies will be pleased.

The archduke who created the dangerous weapon is abdicating himself.

It would weaken their power, but it would also mean that the Titan's achievements would be stolen by other wizards who would open their eyes to the vision of the Duchy of Saint-Tuan.

Material and intellectual gains are secondary in the face of death.

You've risked your life, you can't take honor, you've made history, and now you can go home.

This is a huge concession for an emperor who needs to be more moderate with his power.

The archduke didn't think long.

"Your Majesty, I know that many people hate me."

"I know there are a lot of people who are afraid of me."

"There must have been a lot of anger, hatred, and disdain behind their words, and I never refuted them, responded to them, or offered any clarification."

"But I didn't do it because I admit I'm guilty."

Archduke Saint-Antoine looks at Emperor Bertus.

"I'm not in it for the payback, and I've never thought of it that way."

"......."

Many speak of the Archduke's mistakes, sins, and misdeeds.

But just because you didn't refute him doesn't mean he admitted guilt.

There is not the slightest guilt in my heart, the Archduke says confidently.

"Unjustified hatred and reprimands for sin cannot influence my decision in the slightest; honor is something that exists within me, and I am the only one who can judge its impairment."

"So, Your Majesty, no matter what delusions they may have to hate and fear me, I am only acting out of honor and conviction. Just as I didn't go to war because they wanted me to pay for the sins of my youngest daughter, and I didn't create the Titans."

"I'm only doing it because I believe it's the right thing to do."

"So unless the purpose of the war is wrong, I and my soldiers will stay put."

"That's been my family's teaching for generations, and I just follow it, not always, but I follow it."

Walk the straight and narrow.

The Emperor stares at Archduke Saint-Thuan, who says that he has made up his mind that he has no intention of being swayed by the words and principles of the world.

I'd call it arrogant.

No matter what the world says, it's not wrong and it's not a sin unless you recognize it as wrong.

Follow the path you believe is right, no matter what the world demands, not the path someone tells you to take.

It's a family tradition.

This war is right.

So he stays put, because he has no fault or guilt in his heart.

Because it's right.

Shiloh.

No matter how the world sees you, no matter how you judge your behavior. Isn't that exactly the same attitude as that of Herriot de Saint-Etienne, who followed Reinhardt?

"If that's what you decide, I'm all for it, but I can't promise you that I'll be able to protect the Archduke and his soldiers."

"No problem, Your Majesty."

The Emperor's words didn't seem to bother the Archduke, as if it was his own business.

Bertus gave the Archduke a chance. But he blew it.

He's made a decision based on his convictions, and even if it brings him down, he's made a choice. Bertus realizes that no matter what happens, the Archduke will not blame him.

"Well, I guess that wraps it up for now, thank you for your continued support."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

An Archduke's business is an Archduke's business.

If you can't do your own thing, you're the one who's going to die blaming yourself for your lack of ability.

Or should I say, a man of conviction and pride.

To the man who deserved to be called a loner, the emperor no longer offered any other options. They wouldn't listen.

It's an aristocratic attitude.

Bertus realized how long it had been since he'd seen it.

"Finally."

"......."

Seeing the Archduke about to retreat, Bertus called out to him one last time.

"Do you mind if I make one more excuse?"

"Yes."

Bertus wanted to ask.

"Does the Archduke think he has raised his daughter wrong?"

Someone who doesn't mix public opinion with their own judgment.

Bertus wondered what the Archduke thought of his missing daughter.

The Grand Duke said he felt no guilt.

You think your daughter's sins are her sins, not yours.

Does she really think her daughter hasn't sinned.

Bertus wondered about that.

"......."

The Archduke was silent for a moment, his back to me.

After a moment of silence, the Archduke opens his mouth in a calm tone.

"I may have raised it wrong."

The words startled Bertus slightly. He hadn't expected the Archduke to say that.

"By the way, it's not the wrong size."

However, the Archduke's next words were even more surprising.

"Ha, ha, ha....... Hahahaha......."

It's not something to say in front of the emperor. It's a sensitive statement that can cause a lot of political problems. It's like saying the daughter of the devil is right.

What the Archduke told his daughter was not the truth.

That if I were to be reborn, if I were to go back to that moment, I would make the same choices and regret them as I did the day the heavens opened.

I can only take his word for it.

I am convinced that my daughter could not have been raised to be a person who could say such things.

"Actually....... I think so too."

Bertus chuckled at the bombshell, and agreed with the Archduke.





Episode 549.





Fourth day after the occupation of Serandia.

I can only say that the Allied garrison was bizarre, with a mixture of elation and jubilation at victory and despair and sorrow at death.

Praise for victory and mourning for the dead were intermingled.

The Allies had to stop, not just to get through the winter, but to clean up the aftermath of the battle.

If the bodies were somehow recovered, they had to be identified and transferred to the appropriate military for proper burial.

Delphine Izadra's body was not among them.

In the first place, it was always going to be a battle to find more bodies than not.

-Diverse

And the best of the Alliance, including Ellen, Saviorin Tana, and Heinrich, who hadn't been able to rest properly after the battle and had left to secure the safety of nearby Serandia, were finally able to return.

"Rest, Heinrich. The Allies will winter in Serandia."

Louise von Schwarz also made it to the master class, so it's only fitting that she's back after slaying some monsters.

"My sister....... I'm going to see my friends for a while and then....... for a while?"

At Heinrich's words, Louise stops and looks at him.

Friends.

You want to make sure your friends are safe in this war.

Confirming someone's death would be overwhelming enough on its own.

"Some things are better left unknown......."

But before she could continue, Louise was interrupted.

I was wondering if I was being too childish.

Whatever happened, you'd know anyway.

Better late than never.

"Yeah, you'll have to see for yourself. You have plenty of time, you can stay there for a few days."

"......Thank you."

Death is everywhere, and even if you're in the Cernstadt military headquarters, you still have to face it.

"But my sister is....... don't you?"

At Heinrich's hesitant question, Louise shook her head.

"As a commander, you have to do what you have to do."

Although she wasn't physically in combat, Ruiz had a lot of work and people to take care of.

Now that I had killed two brothers with my own hands, I had more work to do.

Louise sits on her horse and looks out over Serandia and its environs, seeing nothing but dead bodies everywhere.

Huge, inexplicable pits all over the place.

Look carefully at the crater.

The things everyone knows are weird, but no one asks the high command.

What are those traces?

The vast traces of destruction that were already there when the Allies arrived, and at whose hands.

"......."

Louise returns to the Cernstadt military garrison with the Templars.



* * *



Some were visibly dead.

Delfin Izadra, a sophomore, died.

Kadina Ein, freshman, A-10, is dead.

But even if someone didn't visibly confirm death, someone who didn't return for a long time was dead.

That was the case for junior Ard de Gritis.

Ard, who had dueled Reinhardt, now a demon, did not return until several days after the battle.

The third graders, including Adriana and Redina, who had been waiting for their long-lost classmate, were devastated to learn that Ard had died.

-He'll come back! He might be in another garrison! Why do you think he's dead? He might not be!

-Rudina....... Please.......

Tears poured down Redina's cheeks as she hated the world, and Adriana let out a stifled groan and cried as she held Redina close.

Unable to accept Ard's heart, Adriana once left the Temple.

She couldn't accept it, but to Adriana, Ard was a dear friend and comrade-in-arms.

I couldn't help but mourn its death.

The Royal Class is a small group, and most of them are fairly skilled fighters, so there were no more casualties or missing persons.

It was inevitable that there would be casualties in the lower grades.

The first years had already lost three to this war, and with the death of Kadina Ein in this battle, they now had the lowest number of all the grades.

Since the Royal Class is a small group, it was inevitable that someone's death would be more devastating.

The funeral was organized by teachers and priests.

The bodies of Delphine Izadra and Ard de Grytis were never found, except for Cadina Ein.

Ludwig knew the moment he saw her die that he would never find Delphine's body.

Finding Delphine's body, torn to shreds, would be even more horrifying.

Delphine had awakened a rare power, the only power in the world, the power of Elementalism, and it was a death so bizarre it was almost comical.

As such, no one was safe on this battlefield.

Some were weeping over the death of someone else, and others were feeling some strange sense of fate that one day they too might have to meet that end.

Ludwig, bandaged where his right arm used to be, stares blankly at the funeral.

Scarlett, too, was slumped over, tears streaming down her face as she watched the bodiless funeral.

-Yuck! Yuck! Yuck! Yuck!

Christina and Louis Ankton were comforting Scarlett, who was gasping for air, barely able to breathe.

Scarlett is almost as miserable as Ludwig.

Scarlett saved Ludwig, but Ludwig lost his arm when he jumped in to save himself from being knocked out, and eventually Delphine lost her life as well.

Scarlett couldn't help but feel that it was all her fault.

The guilt had gotten the better of Scarlett, and she'd gone so far as to choke herself in her dorm room that Ellen had to jump in and restrain her.

Just like that.

Someone is dead and unable to fight.

Others have been irreparably injured and are no longer able to fight.

Ludwig was the latter.

Ludwig, who had lost his arm, stared blankly at the empty funeral.

Delfin Izadra.

Along with Lanyon Sessor, he was Ludwig's first friend.

Lanion Sesor stared at the bodyless funeral with blank eyes.

Everyone is precious, but I couldn't help but call them especially precious.

Ludwig spent the most time with Delphine and Lanyon.

We traveled together, we argued, but at the end of the day, they were the most important people in my life.

We lost one of them.

Weak.

You lost because you were weak.

Ludwig and Scarlett would have died in that battle without Delphine.

Someone had to die trying to save each other.

Ludwig looks out over the crowd of people watching the funeral in a daze.

Heinrich von Schwarz, who had been transferred to the Cernstadt army, was also present at the funeral, looking on with a stern expression.

Heinrich could have saved Scarlett's life by blasting her from the waist down as soon as the giant monster appeared. If Scarlett had fallen in the middle of the monsters, he could have destroyed the area and pulled her out.

No, I would have blown up the mind-controlling monster with a wave of my hand.

You don't need to be a psychic.

Even the best wizards can do this.

This happened because we were in a vacuum where the wizards stopped supporting us.

You can't blame the wizards. They weren't there to support them, so they had to be saved by people elsewhere.

It doesn't have to be magic.

If it were Ellen, she would have cut them down with her holy sword.

You don't have to be a warrior with a holy sword.

Even if it was just a master class.

If only I could have put an auror on my sword, if only I could have resisted a little longer.

It's not the fault of those who didn't help.

Someone died and got hurt trying to save you, and it's all your fault.

Because it's weak.

Weakness is a sin.

In a battlefield where violence is the only good thing, the inability to wield that violence means that the amount of violence you can wield is so meager that it may not even protect what you already have.

So it's a sin.

It's all my fault.

Ludwig looks at his right arm, which is empty.

Weakness is a sin.

Weaker.

"......."

Without his right arm, Ludwig can still power up, but he can't do everything he's seen, learned, and experienced in the same way.

You lost because you were weak, you're weaker, and you're going to lose more.

In fact, it may be impossible to participate at all.

Is this it?

To save my friend, I risked the misery of running away and ignoring his death.

Does it get any more miserable than that?

I tried, but I couldn't help it.

I'm done here.

Because I lost my arm.

And that's it.

No.

Is it really?

Suddenly.

Ludwig remembers something he heard a long time ago.

"I'm going to lose, but I'm going to do my best" is like a ready-made excuse for defeat: "But I tried, so I'll do better next time." Isn't that just giving your defeated self an escape hatch?

The culprit in all of this.

The days when you thought he was just a hard worker.

A time when you could even say you respected it.

The day I asked him to teach me because I thought I was at a disadvantage in a tournament, he said.

Ludwig doesn't know if the demon was hiding his power or not.

Revenge for all of this is not yours. The world is full of people who are better than you.

The only thing he was allowed to do was kill the monster, and he couldn't even do that, so he lost Delphine and his right arm.

The Devil is a hateful creature, and if he could, he would wish for a chance to avenge himself, but he doesn't.

Hate the devil.

But those words.

There's a lot of truth in the saying, "Don't make excuses that set you up for defeat.

You've lost your arm, that's it.

I am the limit.

I can't do that anymore.

That doesn't make anything better.

Trust even when you don't get results.

It's about fighting to win, even when you lose.

You said it would make things a little better.

You can't go wrong with that, no matter who the devil is.

I don't have a right arm.

I still have my left arm.

We've lost Delphine, but if we give up here, we'll lose someone else, and we'll have to face another round of helplessness.

Ludwig looks away from the funeral and rises from his seat.

He turned to the armory and grabbed his sword with his left hand.

It was an unfamiliar sensation.

Without his right arm, he is unbalanced.

You may or may not be able to fight with only your left arm.

'Yes.......'

You don't need to say you'll try.

"Reinhardt.

Ludwig clumsily grips the sharpened sword and points it at the air.

At some point, I got back into that mindset.

Me.

For me.

What I can do is.

That's it.

I was back to living in the mindset of a loser.

Weakened in mind, weakened in practice.

In the face of so much despair and fear, Ludwig regressed to his old mindset of wanting only small satisfactions.

That's why it was weak.

I know you can't be as strong as your mind, but a small mind can only give you so much power.

If so, make it bigger.

Not like this.

Be a little more ambitious, even if the outcome is predetermined.

You can't do everything, but you should think you can.

The culprit behind all of this.

All these expressions of sadness, hate, and despair.

I let go of all the ideas I'd given up on because I thought it was Ellen's role.

He's lost his right arm and only has his left, but Ludwig is determined.

You're no match for the devil.

You can't reach him now that he's in the sky.

As they say, make resolutions for victory, not excuses for defeat, and that's impossible with excuses prepared for defeat.

No, it's not even a defeat.

They don't think they can fight, so it's an excuse to run away.

Let go of those excuses, let go of that cowardice, let go of that resignation.

'I am.......'

In the words of the devil.

"No.

Recalling the teachings of the devil.

"I.

Ludwig vows to himself.

"I'm killing you.



* * *



The moment Ludwig turned away from the funeral, gripped his sword with his left hand, and vowed not to give up.

Ellen sat dazed in her barracks.

Ellen was the last to hear about the deaths of her classmates and predecessors. She would be the last to return.

The command called the battle a major victory.

A huge win, too.

The Serandia assault ended with less damage than expected, as the Titans were completed in time.

If future battles are like this, we could see a complete end to the gate crisis.

But behind the triumphs, there were horrors. Ellen couldn't figure out what a victory was.

"......."

Someone is going to die, and these funerals will happen after every battle.

I'm glad I died less, that's for sure.

But it was clear that someone was dying, and it had to be someone Ellen knew.

Unable to bear to watch the funeral, Ellen went into the barracks.

It's not because I'm afraid of sensing the death of my classmates and predecessors.

"Only me......."

Ellen covers her face with both hands, muttering to herself.

After watching and witnessing so many deaths, and facing the news of those she knew who were now dead, Ellen could only break down.

"If it weren't for me....... If it wasn't for me....... but......."

It should have been dead.

He should have been killed by Radia Schmidt in the blizzardy castle of Epeeax.

Due to my over-exuberance, I reached the master class on the spot.

So I survived.

So this is what happened.

If he had been killed on the spot, he would never have pursued Reinhardt's truth, and after revealing him to be the Devil, things got twisted and tangled, and the Gate Crisis erupted.

If he had died in the castle of Epirus, the truth would not have been revealed, and there would have been no misunderstanding.

I was guilty of not trusting Reinhardt.

So it was a sin to not die where you were supposed to die.

If you're dead in the water in EpiPax.

If only you hadn't gone to the temple in the first place.

If I didn't love Reinhardt.

If you were indifferent from the beginning and didn't care until the end.

Or, if he'd said anything about trusting Reinhardt.

It was too good to be true, but there were others who believed.

The son of a demon who died fighting his brother.

It was hard to believe him, but I wish I had.

This would not have happened.

All of this sadness and tragedy comes from them, and they don't even realize that they are the cause.

Scarlett strangled herself at the thought of blaming herself for all of Delphine's deaths and Ludwig's injuries, and Ellen restrained her.

I stopped myself from choking on my own tortured breath.

But as she watched, Ellen realized that she was suffering from an even more self-destructive impulse than Scarlett.

The guilt is so great that it eventually reaches Ellen's mind.

Like me.

I wish I'd never been born.

If you weren't born, none of this would have happened in the first place, so maybe it's your fault for existing.

"If it were only me....... If only I wasn't....... shouldn't have been......."

Ellen eventually urged Scarlett to stop, but she was left alone in the barracks with a constant stream of self-deprecation.

No demons, no warriors, no emperors, no empresses.

Everyone thinks they're the one who turned back the hourglass of doom.

As the war raged, the self-pity only intensified.



* * *



I wonder if this is what it feels like to be hit in the head with a hammer.

"That's ridiculous."

I couldn't help but freeze up at Sarkegar's report.

"......Are you sure you're not looking at the wrong thing?"

"...... Your Highness, we can't afford to pass this information around."

The Royal Class situation, as told to me by Sarkozy.

Ard, who got into a fight with me at the beginning of the semester, is missing.

Disappearance is death.

And first-year Kadina Ein is dead.

Delfin Izdra has died.

Ludwig lost his right arm.

I was dreading hearing about Royal Class, but I couldn't resist checking it out.

Delphine should have survived to the end.

Ludwig dies at the end, but he doesn't lose his arm.

I froze when I heard the news.

The death of someone.

And fatal, irreversible injuries.

I knew that the variable made it impossible to know who was going to die or live.

But you realize it in the form of someone's death and catastrophic injury.

Is this what could happen to Ludwig?

Delphine is dead.

Does this mean that Ludwig can die in battle at any time?

Or does Ludwig have no role at all anymore?

Is that okay?

Is this what happened to Ludwig because I have an Alsbringer?

I didn't take it away.

But in the end, Alsbringer chose me.

That's why Ludwig lost his arm.

The guy who was supposed to be the protagonist ended up in the back of the story, unable to fight anymore.

I've taken too much from him.





Episode 550.





Delfin Izadra.

I wouldn't say we were close, but we were classmates and after the desert island mission, he kept flirting with me.

The guy who should have survived to the end, and one of the two main heroines, is dead.

So vainly.

Unable to fight anymore, Ludwig is likely to stay away from fighting.

If this means that Ludwig, who was supposed to die in the original, survives a non-battle ending, I wonder if that's a good thing.

Now that I've taken on Ludwig's role, I think he deserves to live.

We don't know what Ludwig's vacancy will look like, and we don't know if he'll lose his role in the war.

Or maybe they're still trying to fight.

But in that case, Ludwig will most likely die.

It would be foolish to lose your right arm and try to fight with your left.

I hope he doesn't dream of such a thing, but there's no telling how reality will roll now.

I heard a shocking revelation from the Royal Class side, and after all, I couldn't be the only one.

Harriet, Liana, and Charlotte.

When they heard the news of the royal class, they couldn't help but make faces.

Charlotte cried for a long time when she heard of Delphine's death and Ludwig's injury. To her, they were classmates in the same B class, and she would never be able to hear the story as if it were someone else's.

Harriet couldn't hold back her tears, and Riana was speechless.

But there's no point in mourning.

We eventually had to take the next step, and there was too much work to be done to stop.

Tears should be swallowed inwardly.

I tried not to consciously think about the Royal Class thing, and didn't mention it.

Not mentioning it doesn't make it go away, but no one talked about it, even though we had agreed not to mention it to each other.



* * *



The Allies will winter in Serandia.

If it's a climate problem, we can fix it, but Riana's powers are mind-eating.

We can't always help the Allies, so it was okay for them to winter in Serandia.

It's not just the weather; you've just faced a major battle, and you'll need time to repair and refurbish your army.

We won't be able to forget someone's death this winter, but I hope we can get through it.

"The Allies will be inactive for a while, so we won't be either."

The time of year is winter.

If the Allies don't move, there's not much reason for us to move.

We're at war, or should I say, we're in a war, but eventually there will be a few months off.

The Allies would have time to reorganize, improving their Titans in preparation for the next advance, and trying to deal with the shock, horror, and grief of so many deaths.

"Great One, is it not necessary to have a countermeasure against the Titans?"

"......Countermeasures?"

"Yes."

Antirrhinus said.

"You are the only one who has seen the Titan in person, but I have heard that he is the size of a mountain and can crush hundreds of monsters with a single step. Is there any reason to believe that step will not be directed at us?"

"They don't know where we are in the first place. Even if they did, do you really think a Titan would cross the ocean to get here?"

I don't know if the Titan is big enough to walk across the ocean, but I don't think it will.

"There's always a what if, right?"

"Hmmm......."

For now, we're helping the Allies, but we don't know when war will break out.

Let's say a Titan and I are fighting.

Me fighting a golem as big as a mountain.

I'm getting shy just thinking about it.

Come to think of it, I think there was a game like that.

"We don't think it's a bad idea to have a weapon similar to the Titan either......."

I sighed at Antony's words.

I see where this guy is coming from.

"You don't just want to have a Titan or something, do you?"

"......Hmm, isn't that interesting, a giant golem that never existed in the world."

and.

The look on that old man's face, like, "I've been caught," makes me think there's something in there.

Is this a joke?

I mean, this old guy is not a kid, and he's saying this with the mindset of approaching some kind of toy?

Has dementia finally set in?

I had a sneaking suspicion, but is it true?

"Hey, Harriet, do you think we could build something like a Titan?"

"If you have the plans and the materials, there's nothing you can't build. But you don't have the plans, and even if you did, you don't have the materials."

"That's a part of Titan that already exists......."

"Shut up, old man, I'm not building a Titan, and I'm not going to steal it."

"That's too bad......."

Antirhynchus was getting a lot of frustrated looks from the wrong places.

"If you pull some bullshit about how you've suddenly stolen control of Titan, I'm going to make you feel what it's like to be decapitated by a holy sword for real this time, so don't you dare."

Antrianus chuckled at my harshness and nodded in understanding.

I don't know what that old man is going to do, and I'm not at all comfortable with it.

"But, Your Majesty. Antrianus' words about the need for a countermeasure against the Titans seem reasonable."

Antirrhinus's futile rantings eventually reached Sarkhegar, who returned to Edina.

"Why the hell would you fight something like that? It's just a bunch of unintelligent monsters, and we see it and we charge at it. We have intelligence and we can think. If there's a Titan in front of you, you run. Why would you even think about fighting it?"

"But what if the Titans come across the ocean and end up here? We can't abandon this place."

"What's wrong with your sister!"

"No, am I wrong, you're right."

Eventually, even Olivia sighed heavily with worry.

I mean, we know we're going to clash with the empire later on, but why is everyone taking it like it's a foregone conclusion?

But.......

Right?

Let's say the war breaks out, and you've solved the uptime problem.

Let's say a Titan crosses the continent and raids Edina.

Then what?

Titans are supposed to have as much defense as they do offense in the first place, right?

I can't make mountains out of molehills, and neither can anyone else here.

Should I smash it with a meteor?

My thoughts were shifting toward the need to have a Titan plan.

"If we assume that ...... can't travel through space, then the Titan can't even get here."

It wasn't me who came up with the answer, it was Charlotte.

"......? Why can't you come?"

"I haven't seen it, but I hear the Titan is big."

"Uh, a lot."

"I don't think a chunk that big can cross the ocean properly, and you'll be lucky if it doesn't get swept away by the currents. Don't take the ocean too seriously."

"......, right?"

"And we have mermaids."

"What's a mermaid got to do with a Titan?"

"Mermaids can manipulate ocean currents."

"......? Really?"

"......Didn't you know?"

This is the first I've heard of this today.

Charlotte seemed surprised that I didn't know.

"I heard the mermaids had a lot to do with the smooth sailing from Edina to Port Mokna so far. I don't know what they did with the weather, but they manipulated the currents to help us sail."

Since I don't encounter mermaids in person very often, I assumed that they would bring me fish, but apparently not.

Charlotte's so concerned with ruling Edina that she seems to have learned something I didn't. The demons recognize her as a demon, so she's probably treated as an equal to me.

Mermaids....... They weren't just pretty girls.

It was like a succubus or something.

Excellent.

I picked the right person.

Of course, I wonder if it's just me not knowing what I need to know.

"Anyway, if the Titan tries to cross the ocean and attack us, the mermaids will capture it and it won't be able to get here by spatial travel in the first place."

Antirrhynchus was obviously thinking about capturing the Titans, and Sarkegar and Olivia were relieved to hear that they weren't going to be attacked.

"Anyway, we'll just have to reorganize until the Allies leave, which isn't going to happen yet, but we also have to think about what we'll do if they run out of food......."

The Allied forces will have to operate large groups for very long periods of time, so there is a possibility of food shortages.

I'm not sure how much we can do about it if that happens.

While the Alliance takes time to reorganize, we need to find something to do.

"Reinhard, we need to augment our forces."

"Power up?"

Olivia said.

"Replenishment, not augmentation. We used up a lot of Deathknight in the Serandia campaign, too."

Death Knight.

Olivia, who has access to Kier's Holy Power, can summon Deathknights, and they were a big part of our last Serandia preemptive attack.

"I thought you could summon that thing at any time?"

"......what."

and.

I haven't seen that look on your face in a long time.

A genuinely pitiful look.

"You can replenish your Death Knights, of course. Or summon Deathknights at will. But it's all about the base, isn't it?"

"Bass?"

"So, is it stronger to make Deathknight from Reinhardt, or is it stronger to make Deathknight from that kid over there?"

"......Can we not talk bullshit?"

"Let's start with the results: that wimpy kid can't even be a Death Knight. You're going to get a skeleton, white and skimpy, but cute."

The sound was eerie to hear, and Herriot's eyes widened.

Death Knight with me as an ingredient.

Death Knight based on Heriot.

I don't like to think about it, but the result is probably obvious.

"Before the Cult came under our control, some people chose to become Death Knights themselves, and that's what we've seen before."

"......, yes, you did."

In fact, a number of Deathknights had joined them as they brought in the cultists.

Integrating them into the Cult was not without its headaches.

Pagans did a lot of crazy things that were unacceptable to society.

I did all sorts of things to get rid of that noise.

The Death Knights were then purged in large numbers.

Not only is it ominous from the outside, but many of them have been around too long to change their mindset.

"So the Death Knights I summon are either completely devoid of self or dead."

They are literally undead and have no sentience beyond listening to commands.

The conscious Death Knights were purged, and the unconscious, almost machine-like beings were the Death Knights Olivia summoned.

The power of corruption, and the Deathknights who answer its call.

"Anyway, Death Knight doesn't come out of the ground. No, it comes out of the ground, but if you've spent ten gigs today, it's done. It's gone."

"So you're saying you need to replenish?"

"Of course, and of course I like making powerful Death Knights."

Olivia crosses her arms and shakes her head.

"Of course, I can't say that Kieran's powers are exactly impossible to use to create a Death Knight, but it's better to have a good base."

My sister.

I'm starting to sound like an evil warlock.

"So you need good ingredients?"

I don't know if it's the right word, but if it's not an ingredient, what is it?

It's just a little creepy that it's a corpse.

"You mean you're going to use the people who died in this Serandia raid to make....... You're trying to make Death Knight out of......."

Harriet looks at Olivia in disbelief.

And the expressions on the others' faces weren't much different from Herriot's.

Even Antirrhinus stares at Olivia with his mouth hanging open, so that's saying something.

It's a matter of being surprised and feeling like, "What a stroke of genius!

Many have died. And the great and the good are dead.

If you make Deathknights out of their corpses, it's a no-brainer that they'll make excellent Deathknights.

But isn't that a little cruel, regardless of whether it's possible or not?

"Hmm, I was thinking about that, but it's probably going to be difficult."

Well, at least they did it if they could.......

"First of all, it's crazy to have a ritual to make Death Knight in the middle of a burning Allied camp, and we probably can't bury that many bodies, so we'll inevitably cremate them, what do you say, Mr. Sarkegar?"

Sarkegar didn't react to being called uncle. Like, whatever.

By the way, Sarkeghar, you look like a lady, not an old man.

Why is my sister always twisted like this?

"We actually do. Most people are buried by cremation. Occasionally, bodies are repatriated to the ecliptic for burial, but it's rare."

Olivia nodded at Sarkegar's affirmation.

"How do you raise a burnt-out bone dust that's gone? You'd have to force it to do something, and I'm not sure what, and it'd be weak, and I don't trust myself to do it in a place where the Crusaders have a permanent presence, let alone the Alliance, without getting my head blown off."

"That's right......."

A place where people mourn the dead, and the dead rise as Death Knights?

And is there anyone who does that?

It's like an ad asking you to kill me.

The environment of the Allied garrison, where you have no choice but to use makeup, and the fact that there are so many people that making Death Knight might lead to a goal.

You can't do that in Serandia because of that.

"So you have a place in mind?"

Aside from whether or not you can do it, where the hell are you going to get the ingredients?

Olivia giggles at my question.

"Imperial Mausoleum."

What?

What did I just hear?

"There are a lot of war heroes and greats lying there, like Nanda Ginda. Let's get some of them up and use them."

"What?! What the hell are you talking about!"

Charlotte paled and jumped to her feet.

"No, who's going to raise up a useless, weak imperial prince or a good emperor, let alone a helpful one?"

"Well, still! Still, that's not....... That's what......!"

Charlotte's face was turning a deep shade of blue as she couldn't take it anymore.

"Heh......."

This is that.......

To wit.

Hyeonchungwon Park robbery....... That's what you're talking about, right?

It's not a bomb, but it's worse than that....... Such.......

To Charlotte's consternation, Olivia shrugged.

"No, it's the end of the world, so what's the big deal about being a great man or a hero? They'll be happy to hear it. Where's the glory in dying and saving humanity? They'll thank me for it."

"Crazy...... year......."

Herriot shook his head in disgust.





第 551页





It's not just royalty that's buried in imperial mausoleums.

Those whose accomplishments merit burial alongside royalty are also buried there. Those who are buried in the Imperial Mausoleum as non-royalty are greatly honored, as the Empire recognizes their merit.

As such, they will inevitably be heroes or great figures in history.

In conclusion, Olivia's idea of stealing to replenish your Death Knight is the best option from a practical standpoint.

Assuming it works, it's a much better place than Serandia and other battlegrounds.

Allied garrisons are virtually impossible to replenish with Death Knights, and the Imperial Mausoleum is just a matter of averting your eyes.

Sure enough, Charlotte turned blue in the face and shivered.

"If I had to....... I can't help it, but......."

As long as it's an end in itself, Charlotte wants to scream no, but she doesn't think she has the right to, so she sits back.

"But can the remains properly become Death Knight?"

"I haven't done a lot of this shit myself, so I don't know what's going to happen. But the point is, there are a lot of heroes who haven't been buried long."

Olivia giggles.

Sister.......

My sister is scared these days.

"In the immediate future, there will be heroes who earned merit during the Gate incident and whose bodies were properly recovered and put into the imperial mausoleum, and even before that, there was the Demon War, and those who were killed in the Demon War who showed a hint or something will be laid to rest in the imperial mausoleum."

"ah......."

"Right....... do......."

Charlotte nods, looking miserable.

It's a time when heroes abound.

So when Olivia said the imperial mausoleum would be overflowing with remains that could be used to make Death Knight, it had to be true.

Many sacrifices have been made, and will continue to be made until this war is over.

The living are dying.

Does that justify taking advantage of someone's death?

Unknown.

I can't be sure that this cheating won't lead to another cheating.

However, it doesn't change the fact that it's necessary.

No one could deny Olivia's statement that the living were dying, and there was nothing to hide.



* * *



Should we call what we're doing grave robbing?

Grave robbing is essentially the looting of items buried with a corpse. But we don't care about those items, we care about the remains themselves. Morally, this is worse than grave robbing.

Winter.

Just as the Allies were rebuilding, we planned to do the same for ourselves, powering up the remains of the Imperial Mausoleum with Deathknight.

To do that, of course, we have to leave Edina and go to the ecliptic.

There are three members in total.

Olivia Ranze, who will have to raise Deathknight herself. And Herriot de Saint-Ouen, who will help with transportation and escape in case of emergency.

Plus me, in case of a physical emergency.

Airi would be helpful, and Charlotte would be even more helpful, but I didn't want to bring her along. Charlotte would be a sight for sore eyes, and Airi is a demon, so she's limited in what she can do.

"Chet, it's been a while since you and Reinhardt went on a date, and you're catching up."

Olivia glared at Harriet as she prepared to cast.

"How are you going to get to the ecliptic without me in the first place?"

"Why don't you just let us go and pick us up in a couple of months?"

"......Is that really going to take that long?"

"You never know what's going to happen, and I thought the Allies were taking a day off anyway, and I was going to take a day off with Reinhardt."

We'll do this and that until spring," Olivia smirked at me.

What are you talking about, man?

"You wouldn't say that if you looked at the zodiac right now."

"Hmmm....... Is it that bad?"

"Well, it's not that easy to say, but....... Well, I know it when I see it."

If you really want to rest, you're better off in Edina, and the ecliptic is not the place to do it.

The zodiacal gradient of our memories is intact, but the gloomy atmosphere that pervades the city has turned it into an ashen city.

I'm on my way to get a strong undead in the first place.

"Don't say anything stupid when you're supposed to be careful not to get punished, sister."

"Technically, I'm being awakened by the power of God, so why should I be punished? A blessing is a blessing."

"Why is this ...... technically correct?"

Herriot doesn't want to argue, so he continues casting.

Right.

Kieran's power is the power of the gods, and he shouldn't be punished for raising a few undead with his power, but isn't that a blessing in itself?

I'm starting to get a little dizzy.

"I'll be there."

Blue energy lines began to surge from Herriot's body, and soon, with a flash, we left Edina.



* * *



An alley in the ecliptic gradient.

Arriving there by mass teleportation, Olivia held her nose upon arrival.

"......What the hell, what's that smell?"

Even the squeamish Harriet was gagging upon arrival.

An indescribable, nauseating odor filled the alley, a mixture of fishy, rotten, and unidentifiable odors.

Even if it was an alleyway, it was more than adequate.

This is even in the winter, when the odors subside with the temperature.

"Let's get out of here."

"Ew, I think I'm going to throw up....... Ugh......."

"No, really, don't throw up."

"If I throw up, catch it with your hand......."

"I see you're bullshitting, so I guess it's tolerable. Let's go."

If it's bullshit, it's tolerable because you can afford it.

I couldn't wait to get out of there because I was just as disgusted by the unidentifiable smell of the place.

-Woof!

By the way.

A 'real' sound came from behind me.

"......?"

"...... is this guy for real?"

Olivia stared blankly at Harriet, who had her hands on the wall.

-Woo, woo....... Oof!

No, you're trying to stop that from coming up.

"Don't! Don't hold it in, just throw up!"

If you think about it, Olivia is from the Street.

But our paktong is a real princess, and she's not one to put up with this.



* * *



"......."

"Arguing."

"Ha, ha, ha, don't do it, seriously!"

At Olivia's words, Harriet broke down and burst into tears.

I've seen a lot of bad things with my little princess, but now I'm about to see her throw up in an alleyway.

Harriet's eyes were welling up with tears.

Still, Olivia was worried, and when Olivia patted her back a few times, Harriet's eyes widened as she said she felt amazingly well.

"Don't make light of the power of the Holy Cultist."

"......That's not your power, that's God's power, why are you acting like you're so awesome?"

"If that power is manifested through my body, that's my power, why is it God's power?"

"Reinhard, the gods are all crazy, giving this guy power, aren't they?"

Herriot looks at me as if to ask for my approval.

"Meh, sorry......."

"Why are you sorry?"

"Oh, no, what....... Just......."

Before I knew it, I was apologizing.

Ugh! If the gods are weird, it's because I'm weird!

Olivia did, Herriot did, and now it feels like blasphemy is a passive.

Olivia is like, "The gods aren't awesome, I am. And Harriet is like, "The gods are crazy.

Anyway, I made it out of the alley and onto the street.

In the first place, we were wearing robes, and there was nothing for a passerby to recognize or do because Herriot had cast a spell on us.

You've arrived in the Wenster District, south of the ecliptic.

It's more like a temple than an imperial castle.

"Wouldn't it be nice to have something to drink?"

"......."

Still, my darling, in the old days you would have cried and fussed all day about how you looked like an embarrassment to others.

You say you're having a hard time with a douchebag, but that's what you get.

The gloom hovering over the streets was palpable, but I tried to buy Harriet a drink so she could at least rinse her mouth.

"......Holy shit, what's three silver dollars for a bucket of water?"

Not only were there fewer places to buy, but the cost of living was murderous.

It's barely water.

The price of water in the ecliptic is going crazy right now, to the point where you have to get three silver coins for a bucket of water.

Harriet rinsed her mouth with water, a guilty look on her face.

"I don't need to see anything else."

Olivia clucked her tongue briefly as she recognized the reality of the ecliptic in the price of a bottle of water.

I walk the streets, watching the people walking up and down the streets, the people who are obviously hungry even if they pretend not to be.

There is death on the battlefield, but there is a death here called hunger.

It's winter.

Luckily, we didn't see it with our own eyes, but there will be people who are homeless and have nowhere else to go, freezing to death in alleys.

"At least we're better off here, because the situation is worse in the refugee neighborhoods on the outskirts."

An ecliptic that has lost its ability to support itself due to overly dense population.

But an empire with a huge army.

In the meantime, the marginalized are dying.

"Why are there so many people over there, are they rationing?"

-Line up! Line up! Line up!

I followed Olivia's lead and found myself in the middle of a plaza with a crowd of people.

I thought it was food rationing, but it wasn't.

"I'm a recruiter."

It was Herriot who realized what it was.

Controlling the bustling crowd from their high perches were guards, and above them, men dressed as Imperial officers chattered eagerly.

The sound was drowned out by the shouts of the crowd.

"In the military, at least they don't starve."

Olivia said in a low voice with a bitter smile.

If I'm going to die of starvation, I'd rather join the military. It's the same thing to be killed by a monster or starve to death.

It's not about some grand cause, mission, or commitment to humanity.

When you're a soldier, at least you don't starve.

The depleted generals were being replenished this way, and it wasn't that unexpected.

Supplies that are thrown into battle with no training in martial arts, ragged armor, and a spear.

They will be constantly replenished, dying of starvation.

"If we do what we're supposed to do, the war will end early, and that will be good for them in the long run. Let's get where we're supposed to go, and not get distracted."

Hearing Olivia's words, Harriet and I follow suit.

It was a very optimistic, yet eerily sobering statement.

That was the current reality.

"My sister....... That's a little scary."

"I could cry all the way to the bank if it would end all of this, but it won't, will it?"

"......."

I don't cry because tears don't solve anything.

Just as I have changed, just as Riana has changed, just as Olivia has changed.



* * *



The Imperial Mausoleum also contains the graves of great men and heroes who have accomplished great things alongside their predecessors.

We were fully informed by Charlotte about that before we left.

Even if we say we don't care about the remains of royalty, Charlotte has aided and abetted the violation of our ancestors' mausoleums and the use of evil powers there.

Charlotte had a very tough decision to make.

We were crossing the bridge that connects the southern and northern parts of the ecliptic.

To the north, I could see Emperor Emperatos on a hill, and to the south, the temple of Asrai.

The vast refugee camps on the outskirts of the ecliptic were not visible from the center of the city. Better to be invisible than to see it, as it would only depress me.

"If the horsepower train is down, it must be bad in more ways than one."

"I suppose so."

We were traveling on foot, as resources, including magic stones, were so scarce that magic trains, the main mode of transportation in the ecliptic, were not operational except for military and administrative needs.

The construction and operation of the Titans consumed most of the Empire's resources, and we were reminded of this by the stationary horsepower train on the ecliptic.

How are they dealing with the monsters that occasionally attack the refugees?

It's better to be invisible than to think about it.

Olivia gazes at the distant Yellow Star and mutters.

"Heroes have ranks too....... Well, that should be obvious."

Naturally, not all meritorious people can enter the imperial mausoleum.

Only a small percentage of war heroes are given the honor of entering the Imperial Mausoleum. Usually, this honor is bestowed upon those who have died, and even now there are only a few who have already been confirmed while alive.

Anyway.

Not all heroes are in the Imperial Mausoleum.

"I don't think you have to be an imperial mausoleum, just a cemetery in the northern part of the ecliptic, though......."

According to Charlotte, the cemeteries in the northern ecliptic are also buried with revolutionary majors.

This makes sense, because if every hero entered the Imperial Mausoleum, it would be a mess.

The honor of entering the same tomb as royalty is certainly not a privilege for everyone.

Naturally, national cemeteries are larger than imperial mausoleums and have more people buried there.

Demon Wars and the Gate Crisis.

The men who died in those two wars, and who made great majors, are more likely to be found in national cemeteries than in imperial mausoleums.

Technically, those whose remains have not yet decayed or are likely to return are there.

"It's probably easier to get into the National Cemetery on the outskirts than it is to infiltrate the Imperial Palace, so I think we should go there first."

Olivia shrugged at Harriet's comment.

"What do you mean, we're both going."

"I thought it would say something like ......."

Herriot sighed.

"We've got to use what we can. Do you know, maybe one of the famous warriors will wake up?"

The Five Heroes.

Lagan Artorius.

Ragnar Olfy.

Seizaria.

Mullern.

Shaded.

The tomb of the five, apparently, is in the imperial mausoleum.

"You have to assume that the body is there, and that you can get it up."

"I'll go, though I'm not sure how much help my undead warriors will be."

Of course, that's assuming someone left a body behind.

Charlotte was clear about this.

Lagan Artorius's tomb is in the Imperial Mausoleum, but there is no body in it.

There is no Lagan Artorius, who fought the demon and was destroyed, and no body of the demon Valier.

There is no body of Lagan Artorius.

So it can't even be revived.

But in the other four cases, the bodies were recovered.

There are also what we can only call incomplete remains, but they were recovered.

So, aside from the tomb of Lagan Artorius, the bodies of the other four heroes are definitely in the Imperial Mausoleum.

"Lagan Artorius is out of the question, but for the others, I have to go, just in case."

Olivia looks at me as if she knows that, too.

"Can we call this revenge? Reinhardt."

In other words, I'm bringing back the undead to fight those who helped kill my father.

"It's either helpful or it's not. Why bother with all the fancy words?"

"You know, sometimes it's like you have no emotions at all, especially around here."

I guess that's to be expected since they're not actually parents.

If I were a real Valerie, I'd hate Ellen, and this wouldn't have happened.

But I didn't say that.

There's no such thing as love or attachment to ancestral Bali. We've never actually had a conversation.

However, there is such a thing as a guilty pleasure.

We were hoping to avoid a gate situation in Bali.

However, I ended up causing a gate situation.

Valerie's hopes were forever ruined because of me.

A certain guilt and responsibility that comes from that.

That's how I feel about my ancestor Balie.

However, the emotions were not small.





Episode 552.





The Imperial Mausoleum is located inside the Imperial Castle.

Infiltrating the Imperial City is almost identical in difficulty to infiltrating the Temple.

Of course, it's harder to infiltrate the Yellow Star now that the temple is nearly empty, but the conditions for getting in are the same.

There has to be something about authorization, and there can't be unauthorized entry.

Obviously, you can't use magic to enter, including teleportation.

The warp gate in the Palace of Spring does not have a starter artifact, and even if it did, the gate is already broken and you cannot enter through it.

Sarkhegar was able to turn into a bird and fly in and out of the temple, but I can't turn into a bird. Technically, I can transform, but I can't flap my wings.

Even if it did, it would be useless for me to go in alone. I can wield the corruptive power of Tiamata, but I can't wield it as freely as Olivia can.

Charlotte laid out a number of ways we could break into the city, but all of them involved significant risk or were far from perfect.

It's even weirder if Charlotte knows how to break into the imperial castle in the first place.

Most of the Empire's elite, including Shanapelle, are away.

If you somehow managed to infiltrate the imperial city, you might be able to sneak away or escape if you were discovered.

It's bad enough if the story of the demon's reappearance spreads across the zodiac, but it's worse if it reaches the Alliance.

People are afraid of me.

While breaking down the gate, the mere thought of the Yellow City falling to a demonic assault sends the Allies into a panic.

Anyway, I'm here to do something bold, and I'm hoping to make as little noise as possible.

Well, it's not up to me to infiltrate the Imperial Palace, but.......

We're not going to get into that just yet.

So let's start with the National Cemetery, which is a little safer than the Yellow Castle, nestled in the rolling hills of the northern ecliptic.

It's an honored place to be for those who have done great things.

Heroes aren't the only ones who enter the Imperial Mausoleum.

"That's huge."

We were standing in a field with the national cemetery in the distance, one of many roads in the northern part of the ecliptic.

It's more like a park than a cemetery. Not surprising, given the large scale of the site.

It has survived despite being outside the ecliptic because it is not worth destroying for the monsters.

Because monsters aren't interested in corpses.

"There's someone coming in and out unexpectedly."

"It's bound to happen."

There were troops at the massive entrance, and quite a few people coming and going.

It could be the bereaved. It could be those who came to comfort the fallen.

No matter how busy life is, there are bound to be condolences. In fact, in times like these, there may be more than usual.

Those who honor, remember, and grieve the death of someone.

We came to take the bodies from them.

Anyone can give a condolence, anyone can be there.

There is a history and there are gatekeepers, but you don't need a special status to get in.

That's why we were able to walk into the national cemetery uninhibited. Just like everyone else walks in and out of national cemeteries without being stopped.

It's more like a giant park than a cemetery.

The imperial mausoleum is obviously reserved for royalty, and this one is open to civilians.

I also wonder what the point of having a national cemetery so close to a giant park is for people who don't have much to live for.

It's a good thing the foundation of the ecliptic hasn't crumbled to the point of open theft.

Because it was a space, everyone who came and went was calm, regardless of color.

Upon entering, there were no rows of graves, but rather an outline with several spaces marked for memorialization.

Olivia crosses her arms, looking at the map.

"It's compartmentalized. It looks like the cemetery has expanded to the east, and it looks like it's for the dead."

Different merits have different areas you can enter.

Some are buried in open-air cemeteries, while others are thought to have temples and catacombs for those of great merit.

"The first stop would be the graveyard of the fallen, and the second would be the catacombs in the center."

I guess we're weird people if we don't get punished.......

People are walking around mourning, looking depressed, and we're thinking about stealing.

No, it's worse than stealing.

"There are quite a few people, and the day is still light. We'll wait until nightfall to act."

It's still broad daylight, although a lot of time has passed since we arrived at the ecliptic.

"I've got time to kill, let's go over there."

Olivia scratched her head as she looked at where I pointed, and so did Harriet.

The place I pointed to in the outline is not a different place.

Lead-free cemeteries.

My heart is heavy just looking at it, but Charlotte told me.

"...... should be there.

EpinHauser.

And Loyar.

I was told that their graves are here.



* * *



The day the gates opened.

Effinghauser and Loyard and Roussinil and Sarkegard came to my rescue.

Effinghauser and Loyard are dead, Roussinil and Sarkegard are captured.

Their bodies would not have been laid to rest in this national cemetery in the first place.

We don't know how he managed it, but somehow he was buried in the National Cemetery's unmarked gravesite.

Both are traitors to humanity for siding with the Devil, so they can't have tombs with their names on them.

The fact that they were laid to rest in a national cemetery, albeit an unrelated one, was a sign of the Gradias Empire's regret and apology.

That doesn't bring you back from the dead, though.

Olivia and Harriet know that Dr. Effinghauser died fighting to save me, and they know about Loyaar's existence.

Effinghauser and Loyard, whose identities are known, but who cannot have tombstones with their names on them, become the owners of an unmarked graveyard.

"......."

The nameless tombstones were spread out around the memorial tower.

I don't know which of these many tombstones belong to Loyard and which to Effinghauser.

Neither Harriet nor Olivia seemed to budge.

I'm afraid of what's going to come out of my mouth.

Fearful imaginings.

We have a job to do, so we can't help but think in terms of that.

They think I might try to resurrect Loyard and Effinghauser as Death Knights.

"Reinhardt....... Probably won't have a consciousness or a self when he returns......."

"......."

"Being a Death Knight while alive is not the same as raising the dead."

Eppinhauser, the Swordmaster.

Loyard, who was supposedly even better than that.

Obviously, it would help to make it Death Knight.

But that's probably not all there is to it.

"Why would I do that?"

Call me selfish, but I can't help it.

"I don't want to turn anyone I know into that."

I am here to make supplies for war.

And I'm not about to do something horrible like take people who are important to me with me.

That doesn't make it any less awful to build something like that as a stranger.

No, it's more horribly selfish to think that it's okay to make someone you care about, but not someone else.

It's a terrible thought, but consumables need to be made into something that can be treated as consumable. And these are the ones I don't consider expendable.

They were sacrificed for me.

Let's give them a break.

Calling them back does not inhabit their souls. No, it would be a terrible thing to do.

I can't really say how much of a difference it is to capitalize on the deaths of people who didn't matter to me versus those who did.

But I guess we can't help but play favorites.

What would Loyard have wanted?

Sometimes it seemed like they wanted to rebuild the world, sometimes they didn't.

He didn't seem very loyal to me, but in the end, he was as loyal as Sarkegar.

Everyone in the Rotary Club is dead, too.

After losing everything, Loyar died to protect me, the last person left standing.

I don't know much about Loyar.

This is especially true at EpinHauser.

"I'm still not sure."

"What......?"

"Why Dr. Effinghauser died trying to save me."

My cooperation with Dr. Effinghauser's plan to save me had nothing to do with the Black Order.

In fact, most of the Order's remaining core forces have been wiped out in their attempts to kill me. The remnants that escaped are probably not worth bothering with, so the Black Order is effectively dead.

EpinHauser believed in me.

I don't know what it believed, but it believed in me, so I tried to save it.

"Back in the day, do you remember when I fought those Orbis class guys?"

"Yes......."

Rilka Aaron, and her fight with Oscar de Gradias.

This led to the closure of the Orbis class.

"In the disciplinary committee, Mr. Effinghauser said that."

"What do you mean?"

"They say I'm the most brilliant person in the history of Temple."

I thought he was just lying to protect me.

How could I be called that when Ellen was there, I asked after the disciplinary committee was over, and Effinghauser said with a straight face that he really thought so.

"I know what I'm capable of, and no matter how much I think about it, I don't think I'm that good. So it was kind of embarrassing."

What did Effinghauser see in me?

"But now that I think about it, I can't say that Dr. Epinhauser was wrong."

Neither Harriet nor Olivia had a response to my question.

I don't know if it's comparable to Ellen or not.

At this point, I'm probably one of the few people who can stand up to Ellen.

If I could beat Ellen, then Effinghauser would be right.

I don't know why it died to protect me, or what it saw in me.

I have no intention of bringing him back with Deathknight, and even if I did, he wouldn't be able to talk to me, so I'll never know.

I liked Mr. Effinghauser from the start, who was blunt and uninterested in his students, rather than the sweet and affectionate Mr. Mustang of Class B.

But I was wrong.

Effinghauser was not a teacher who didn't care about his students.

I still don't know EpinHauser.

"Let's go."

However, I think he knew me.





Episode 553.





After exiting the unmarked graveyard, we had to wait out the night.

When night falls, we will curse the land, and with the power of corruption, we will raise the dead to serve as our army.

I'm going to make an exception for Loyard and Effinghauser, and there's nothing I can say to rationalize it.

That's what we're going to do, so that's what we're going to do.

By the way.

The unthinkable happened.

There are many mourners.

In particular, there are too many people wearing military uniforms.

And in real time.

While it's not strange to see men in military uniforms on the ecliptic, it's certainly strange to see them in large numbers in a national cemetery.

Everyone looks like they've been away and come back.

Soon, he had the look of a man in a Union garrison.

They're soldiers, and they're back.

"Did they get a group vacation because the occupation of Serandia is over?"

"I think so......."

The Allies are going to hold their breath until they fly through the winter.

So, while not everyone could return to the ecliptic, it was clear that some were privileged to do so.

While there are many places that would be the first stop for those who have long since left the ecliptic, this national cemetery would hold the gravestones of the soldiers, knights, and mages who fought in the Gate Crisis.

It's only natural, then, that Allied officials would visit this national cemetery.

The original Serandia campaign didn't take place in the winter, and the Allies chose to hold out while the rest of the world faced winter.

So the war of attrition to protect your base continues.

However, with Serandia now pacified, the Alliance is well on its way to ensuring the safety of nearby garrisons.

It's a relatively safe environment, so the entire army won't be able to return, but high-ranking and specialized people may be able to spend the winter in the ecliptic or back in their home countries. It depends on the person, of course.

So with the monsters of Serandia's neighborhoods eradicated, the area should be fairly safe. That's why there are soldiers returning via mass teleportation to the ecliptic.

A national cemetery is very likely to be on the itinerary for returnees. It's where their comrades-in-arms are laid to rest, and many will want to visit, both in groups and individually.

Some people get a vacation because the march has been long.

Naturally, common soldiers will not be able to return to the ecliptic without some sort of extraordinary event. It's not a warp gate, and traveling via mass teleportation is not a right of passage.

So.

High ranking members of the military, high ranking Imperial commanders, or nobles.

A high-ranking knight, cleric, or wizard.

And it's a privilege reserved for royalty.



* * *



Cognitive dissonance magic is not a one-size-fits-all. Good knights and high-level mages can see through magic without even casting it. This is true of invisibility, and all other types of stealth-based magic.

There is no such thing as a trick that can fool anyone, although it can be highly sophisticated.

Even superpowers have something rare: dual resistance. I'm one of them.

So, there's no magic trick to pull the wool over everyone's eyes.

Sure, Herriot could cast high-level stealth-based magic, but a clumsy cast could give away his movements.

While the people who walk into a national park one after the other may be completely oblivious to the magic, there may be others who can see through our cognitive dissonance.

I can camouflage myself into something close to a shapeshifter, but Olivia or Herriot can't.

We may be able to shield ourselves from the gaze of unspecified military officials coming in now, but we don't know when they'll catch us.

We're not in a bad place, but we're getting there.

"Let's get out of here, I don't want to get into trouble with one of the imperial wizards while we're here."

"Yeah, I guess I should."

You need to get out before the more dangerous people get to the national cemetery.

Originally, there was no such thing as a vacation for the Allies.

It was clear from the crowds entering the national cemetery that this victory meant a great deal to the Allies.

You can see this in the leaderboard.

There are also a significant number of non-commanders. This suggests that the Alliance is currently giving a wide range of furloughs.

Honestly, you can't help it, you've just raised your major.



* * *



I don't know if I'd call it an escape, but me, Olivia, and Harriet made it out of the national cemetery before we got caught by the powers that be.

In a secluded park nearby, on a half-broken bench, Olivia sat in a daze.

-pot!

"I checked, and the Allied forces are still returning from the square in front of the Imperial Palace. I think they're using mass teleportation."

So said Herriot, who quickly scouted the Allied return via short-range space travel.

"The Allies are pretty solidly excited about this victory, aren't they?"

Olivia crossed her arms and clicked her tongue at the bad timing.

Victory.

Yes, there were irreparable deaths, but it was never a defeat.

No, that's the kind of victory that requires a break.

"For morale, I guess, because it was a big sacrifice."

The situation has stabilized, and the military will be taking a long break. Those who wish to return to the ecliptic will be allowed to do so now, like a free ticket. Of course, it will take a long time to reintroduce them to the battlefield, and they won't be returning in overwhelming numbers.

"But this will only make the regular soldiers who don't make it back more....... depressed......."

Herriot wasn't sure if this was a good idea, and seemed to wonder if it was a morale booster, regardless of how disruptive it was to our operations.

I wonder if they feel deprived if only high-ranking people can rest on the ecliptic.

Olivia smirked at Harriet's nervous reaction.

"Do you think there are many people who have a place to come back to? Even if you let them go, most of them wouldn't want to. Didn't you see? This place can't even get a decent fucking meal. If the ecliptic is like this, what about the other cities that still exist?"

"Oh....... I see......."

Not everyone's home is in the ecliptic.

Those who join the military out of fear of starvation may be afraid to leave.

Many common soldiers may feel more at home in a garrison with food and shelter than in their hellish homeworlds across the Zodiac or the Alliance.

The battlefield is cozier.

The reality for the Allied forces is that most of them will not be able to enjoy their vacations because they have nothing to go back to.

So there would be a very small number of people who would actually return to the ecliptic, and that's why it's possible for even very low ranking soldiers to return to the ecliptic.

"That's the problem, by the way, I don't know who's going to be in that cemetery and when."

I'm not sure there will be any master classes or archmages among them, let alone a full-time staff.

"If we try it once and we get caught or something, there won't be a second time, because the guards will be on high alert. Of course, we could just kill them all and go ahead with the ritual, but that's not something you'd allow in the first place, Reinhardt."

"Sis....... Then what's the point of making a Death Knight......."

"I'm not going to do it anyway, because once the Allies start marching again, we won't have time to bother with it, and by then we'll be busy too......."

"Damn, I wish I'd come a day earlier......."

It happens, and I can't help it, but it's going to get worse.

If you're making Death Knight to make people die less, and you're making Death Knight because you want to make Death Knight, and you're killing all the people in the national cemetery to make Death Knight, it's not a bad thing or not, it's just a reversal of behavior.

"Well, first of all, no one's going to come to pay their respects at night, so it's going to be a lot less crowded, but there's a what if, and you have to realize that the combat power of the entire zodiac has been raised considerably in this situation, so if there's a disturbance....... You know?"

"......Yes."

The higher-ups aren't just powerful, they're also likely to be Knights of Shanapelle or Imperial Mages.

If there's an inevitable fight, something ridiculous might happen. You might be able to escape via Heriot, but there's always a what if.

There probably aren't that many people in the national cemetery at night anyway.

However, there may be a few who are dangerously powerful or able to tap into our consciousness.

I'd rather wait until after winter and when people are falling off the ecliptic.

National cemeteries are very large.

If there's even one or two people in that vast area, and Olivia starts creating Deathknights through ritual, someone's going to see them come out of the ground or coffin lids.......

"Let's change the order."

"Order?"

"More eyes on the national cemetery. There's one place that's not going to change much, right?"

A place most of the public can't even enter.

"The imperial mausoleum. Let's rob it from there."

It's probably a pretty deserted place, even now with the military out on mass leave.

So even if you do get robbed, it's only a matter of time before it's discovered.

We will visit the imperial mausoleum first, and then return here.



* * *



I'm unilaterally helping Bertus, but I never asked for his permission to do so.

It's a big step over the line to begin with. I don't know what else to say to Bertus, even if he really wants to kill me after this.

It's no different than a national cemetery or an imperial mausoleum. Bertus would bite his tongue and die on the spot if he were to suggest that the bodies and remains there be brought back to life as Deathknights and used for power.

Since it's a one-way street, let's do some one-way looting.

I thought the national cemetery would be a little easier, but the circumstances made it a little trickier. More eyes means more risk of being spotted, and more chance of those eyes belonging to the wrong people.

First the Imperial Mausoleum, then the National Cemetery.

Secure the Death Knights and flee.

"Okay, now I have to do something called infiltrating the planet Huangshan......."

We were now north of the ecliptic, so to the south we could see the imposing walls of the great planet Emperatos.

It's a fortified place, both physically and magically.

A magical barrier on the same level as a temple.

What's even more impressive is that when the barrier is fully operational, it can stop quite a few meteors.

And a binding that prevents demons from entering. Sarkegar and I can pass through after transformation, but Airi cannot.

Of course, Charlotte, a half-demon, was just fine, so I'm guessing that in some cases it's just temporarily turned off, or that it doesn't matter internally.

Charlotte shared a few ways to do this.

First, how to use underground waterways.

"They say there's a way to get to the sewers on the palace side via the aqueducts....... The Empire isn't stupid, the aqueducts are naturally guarded against human passage, and I don't know if I can dispel it, but if I could, I'd probably be able to get in there, at least not in plain sight."

There is an opening.

But it's there, and it's not going to be anything out of the ordinary.

Charlotte said the floodgates would be impenetrable, let alone alarmed.

If you can break through, you can enter the city without being seen. You just don't know if you can or not.

If Charlotte knew how anyone could sneak into the palace in the first place, she was in a position to prevent that from happening because she's royalty, so it doesn't make sense for her to know how to sneak into the palace in the first place.

"I suppose we could sneak into the wagons that carry tributes and other goods that go into the palace, but....... Of course, we'd have to avoid being spotted at the checkpoints, and we'd have to disguise or buy the wagon once we got there, so we wouldn't be the only ones in trouble."

"I guess so......."

Herriot sighed.

"I'm the only one with access to the Imperial Palace, so I'm going to stab someone in the back and steal their ID or whatever, and then I'm going to get in, and there's no point in me getting in in the first place......."

How to get the real deal.

How to disguise your ID.

How to use waterways.

There are ways to disguise someone's username, but that's not possible now that they no longer have connections to the imperial family.

Obviously, you can't tell Bertus to open the gate because you're going to rob the imperial mausoleum.

"It's either him or me, or we're going to have to go underground to the part of the planet that's beneath Neptune, and then we're going to have to dig it out and blast it upwards, but of course that's going to touch the crystals, so we're going to need magical protection."

No matter how versatile Herriot is, it's too much to ask for it to be able to handle on its own.

It's not all magic.

In the first place, all the methods Charlotte knows are prepared methods.

Charlotte tries as hard as she can, but in the end, she can't tell you how to get in.

"What the hell, how was I supposed to get into the palace if I couldn't do this or that?"

Olivia pursed her lips.

"It's not that you can't, it's that you can, but it's risky."

At the end of the day, it's a matter of possibility, not a matter of never.

But it's risky.

And it's best to be stealthy.

"It's a big deal after all, maybe not a day ago, but it's a big deal now."

There is no guarantee that we will die, but there is also no guarantee that we will be able to escape.

There's a reason for this, and it's a good one.

You've been caught trying to steal or break into an imperial mausoleum at the wrong time, so it's bullshit to say that you had some sort of circumstance.

We're really going to do something bad, and persuasion is pointless.

"You can't get in there with magic, can you?"

"You don't know how to ......, but yeah. Realistically."

It is not possible to teleport into the planet.

There are many ways to do this, but in the end, there is one that is the safest for now.

"Let's use our superpowers."

If magic doesn't work, superpowers.

"Superpowers......? No way......?"

"Yeah, didn't we run into each other not too long ago?"

Conolint is required.

"I don't know if he's here by now, but....... There's a meeting place. Let's go there. He might be there."

"Promise? Lint's supposed to help you with this? When? Did you go to the Allied camp, bird? Did you have time for that?"

At my words, Harriet shook her head in disbelief.

"No? I didn't promise her anything."

"What? Then who did you promise?"

"Sarkegarang."

At my words, Olivia and Harriet's expressions turned sour.

You didn't have time to talk to Kono Lint?

I promised the person I was going to bring.

Against your will, of course.

"and......."

"Some things never change for us Reinhards......."

Neither Olivia nor Harriet could hide their displeasure.



* * *



The meeting was at a place that was once the headquarters of a Rotary Club.

It was an underground aqueduct under the Bronzegate Bridge.

"You crazy bastard, what do you want me to do?"

There was Conor Lint, who had obviously been captured, held captive by Antirrhinus.

And Sarkegar, a new face, but obviously disguised as a female Allied soldier, was also present.

"There's something I need you to help me with."

You or me.

Now the scale is much different than it used to be.

As I put my arm around his shoulders, his complexion turned a deep shade of blue.

"Get your hands off my, my body, you pervert!"

Of course.

He was annoyed, but in a different sense than before.

"?"

"......?"

And none of them had any idea what the word pervert meant.



* * *



"My, why should I help you!"

Kono Lint's multifaceted, terrified voice echoed through the sewers.

There's no Rotary Club, the refugees are in camps, the beggars under the bridge are gone, so if he shouted, if it rang out, no one would hear him.

"Because you're the only one who can help me in this situation."

"......is that the attitude of a person asking for help?"

No, you're right.

There's no way to stop psychic powers unless you're one of the truly special few, and infiltrating the ecliptic is a piece of cake for Kono Lint, and he can let others in.

"No, didn't you listen to me in the first place? What are you saying you can't help me after coming all this way?"

"I would not have come of my own accord....... but I wouldn't have come if I'd known it was going to be like this!"

"What? Then what did you think happened......."

I suddenly had a clearer picture of Sarkhegar at Antony's side.

Sarkegar disguised as a female Allied soldier.

Somehow atypical.

And a pretty girl.

"......Am I right?"

Did this asshole get caught in this pattern again?

"No! No! No matter what you think......!"

-Kurrrrrr

"Uh, what is it?"

Konorint's complexion went white as Sarkegar changed from the form of an Allied soldier to that of Count Argon Ponteus, a form he had once often assumed.

This is the second time you've seen this.

The transformed Sarkegar chuckles.

"It was easy, Your Majesty. I asked them to help me, and they followed without asking."

A poor pretty girl who appears to have been conscripted at an age when she shouldn't know anything about fighting.

You can't learn from Kono Lint without breaking his heart.

He looks puzzled and mumbles something.

"Fooled again....... Fooled again......."

"......Some things never change for you either."

It was Herriot who said that, not the other me.

"No! I'm the kind of person who helps anyone who asks me for help! Never! Never! That's not what I do....... Woman....... Fuck......."

Kono Lint cried out, his face falling.

"Yeah! I know, and now all these girls that come into my life are going to be assholes like you, uh, fuck, I'm not falling for it anymore!"

He eventually broke down in frustration.

If you think about it.

He's arguably the biggest victim of my misdeeds.

"...... Does this happen to you often? What does he mean?"

"Really?"

Naturally, the sound was bizarre, and Olivia and Herriot scratched their heads.

"Well, I don't need to know that!"

I glared at Konorint as if I would kill him if he said any more.





Episode 554.





In the Allied camp, Cono Lint was captured by Sarkegar and dragged to the Allied outskirts where Antirrhinus was waiting.

After being dragged there, he must have mass-teleported all the way here under Antony's hypnosis.

He didn't know any English.

If he didn't run away, it was because he knew Antirrhinus. He was kidnapped by Antony the other day.

So, it's not a good face, but it's a face.

Honestly, ConoLint can get away with anything.

But in the end, despite my panic, he didn't run away.

"So what, what do you want from me?"

I haven't explained all the details, but Kono Lint knows that I'm trying to deal with the gate situation in my own way.

It's basically a good guy.

Honestly, I don't think he's attracted to her, but he's probably trying to help her because he can't help but notice that she's asking for help.

Of course, what....... I'd be lying if I said it wasn't because she's a woman.

"What could I possibly want from you?"

"My superpower?"

"Yeah, because you're trying to get into a hard-to-reach place."

Conor Lindt is an idiot.

However, it's not that serious of an idiot.

The fact that I've found you at this time of year, with archmages hanging around the ecliptic, can only mean that you're trying to get into places that magic can't.

"Temple? What are you going to do in Temple...... when Ellen is in the garrison?"

I was a serious fool.

They don't even notice.

Uh.

Not that it's my place to say.

I know I'm an asshole!

Kono Lindt shakes his head, not even noticing Olivia's expression turn sour in an instant.

"Why would I go into a temple, I'm going somewhere else."

"Where else? No way......."

His face went white as he finally realized what I was trying to get into.

"The Imperial Palace? I don't know what you're doing there, but you're trying to drag me in! What are you trying to make me do? I won't do it! I'm going back!"

He immediately tried to uproot the arms of Sarkhegar and Antirrhinus.

"Mr. Lindt. We don't need your voluntary cooperation."

Antirrhinus looks at Konorint, smiles, and says, "I'm sorry.

No, you're going to say something else!

"Yes....... Yes?"

"If I break Mr. Lint's brain and turn him into a puppet that only listens to me, he'll be broken as a human being, but he'll be great as a tool......."

"Don't talk nonsense! I'm not doing it! I'm not doing it!"

I'm just asking for a little help, I don't plan on using him forever!

But Antirrhinus had no intention of stopping.

"Even if Mr. Lint were to escape our grasp, where else would he go but this ecliptic gradient and the Alliance garrison? The entire world has become uninhabitable, and while he may be able to escape for now, I'm sure I'll be able to find him one day. Oh, I suppose I could cast a tracking spell now."

"Heh, heh, heh......! Help me, Grandpa!"

"I didn't say kill, just nudge, just touch the brain......."

"Oh, stop it, you're making me cry!"

Technically, Antirrhinus is evil, but he's not evil in the sense that he likes to harass and frighten his opponents more than he likes to kill.

Kono Lint rolled his eyes and his complexion began to turn purple.

I had no intention of threatening, but Antony's threats were unexpectedly effective.

Right.

Even if we could get out of here, we're limited in where we can go, and we can always find Kono Lint if we grit our teeth and look for it. Unless you live as a wild man in the wilderness, that is.

There's no point in running away because it'll come back to get you.

That seemed to break Conor Lint's will to escape.

"No....... I wasn't trying to scare you. I was just being a gentleman....... for help, never mind what that old man said."

"There's nothing gentlemanly about the subject who seduced me with his beauty!"

"I have nothing to say about that, but......."

I never had Sarkozy seduce Kono Lint with a beauty queen, but I did write something like that once upon a time, so I have nothing to say about it.

"Anyway, help us out, we need to get into the palace. All you have to do is let us in and bring us back out at the appointed time."

"Why should I do that, it's a felony, they'll hang you if they catch you, it's treason!"

Well.

What to say.

Is this what happens when you try to be nice and help?

"I guess I shouldn't have asked for help after all."

"Yeah, whatever you do, I'll keep my mouth shut. I'm not gonna help you......."

"Do it."

I looked at Konorint and said briefly.

"Just do it, asshole. Do you think I'm easy?"

"It's going to end up like this......."

Kono Lint grew sullen and muttered to himself.

Also.

Being king is more of a command than a favor.

"Do as you're told, and if you get caught, use my name! I did it because you told me to! They said they'd kill me if I didn't, so I did it! You don't think they'd kill me like this?"

But.......

If Antirrhinus is bad.

Doesn't that make me an asshole?



* * *



Eventually, Conor Lint decided that my coercion and Antrian's threats had made it useless for him to run away, and he began to follow me.

Sarkhegar and Antirrhinus were sent back.

Rob the Imperial Mausoleum, then the National Cemetery.

The crew grew by one person to include myself, Olivia, Herriot, and Kono Lint.

Antirhynchus unwittingly kidnapped Kono Lint in the last Serandia preemptive strike, and now we have his help, so technically Antirhynchus has a hand in this one.......

Of course, it's more coercion than help.

Herriot and Kono Lint weren't very close, and to be fair, I wasn't close either.

But right now, Kono Lint is in the company of three of the Empire's most prominent war criminals.

"Well, by the way....... even if you're wearing a hoodie, you can't just walk around like this....... Are you okay?"

All three of us have our faces on a lot of wanted flyers and such.

They were worried about flipping the entire ecliptic if they got caught.

"I've got cognitive dissonance and noise canceling on, and sure, there might be some wizards who can see through it, but I'm not worried about that. There aren't that many people who go out of their way to do that."

"I see......."

The crowd is a shield in itself.

It might seem a little weird to walk around in a hoodie in a place like the National Cemetery, but there are plenty of people like that here.

You can't be suspicious of everyone on the street.

Kono Lindt looks at Olivia, who walks away, this time wordlessly.

"My sister is....... Olivia Ranze....... Right?"

"...... You know me?"

"It's weird not to know."

She was a weird person to not know at Temple because she was at Temple, and she's a weird person to not know now because she's now. In fact, Olivia was a frequent visitor to our dorm, so Kono Lint must have known her.

He can't help but be scared, even though he knows we're not doing the evil things the world has made us out to be. I can't help but feel bad for this guy because he's walking around with them like he's one of them.

"So, what do you think you're doing in the palace anyway? You can't be....... Bertus......."

"I don't think so."

"Right, because there's no reason to do such a thing....... But then what are you doing in the imperial palace......?"

To say or not to say.

Harriet looked depressed, and Olivia shrugged as if to say, "I'll take care of it.

I shouldn't have to tell you.

When they hear what we're about to do, they'll be horrified.

And you're going to feel guilty knowing that you helped make that happen.

It feels weird to say, and it feels weird not to say.

I feel like it's better to just use it, or I feel like he has a right to know. I don't know.

"It ends up helping the war effort, which is something a lot of people don't understand or accept."

I hand the choice over to Conor Lint.

"Would you rather live in ignorance? Or would you rather know something that's not worth knowing?"

At my words, Konorint stares at me from under his hood.

He should be able to figure out that you're not doing anything mundane by breaking into the palace.

How many steps you took.

"I don't want to be taken advantage of without knowing anything."

It may seem like it hasn't changed, but in the end, Kono Lint was changed by the war.

"What I do is....... know what I'm doing."

Right.

Then you should know.

"I will enter the Imperial Mausoleum and reanimate the remains of the war heroes there as Death Knights."

"You crazy......!"

"Yeah, I knew it."

I quickly put words in Conor Lint's mouth.



* * *



Just as we were all stunned when we first heard Olivia's proposal, so was Conor Lindt's initial reaction.

But he screamed once, and then didn't say anything for a while.

It's probably not too far off from what I and Harriet are thinking.

They're dead anyway.

They can't come back, and what we use is just a trace of them already gone.

If that's the case, then if we can save the lives of the people who live with those traces, we should do it, and I wonder if that's such a bad thing.

You're probably thinking about that.

But still, just as I am determined not to make Effinghauser and Loyard into Death Knights. There is a contradiction, after all.

"Do you think this is....... correct?"

It seemed to me that Kono Lint was not a yes or no, but a question. Herriot hadn't come to a conclusion either, so he was speechless.

And I didn't have anything to say either.

I wondered if it wasn't hypocrisy, it wasn't evil, it was just a terrible thing.

"This is right."

But it wasn't me, it was Olivia.

"It's a time-honored tradition, passed down through generations of humans, that this kind of contradictory behavior is the result of wanting peace."

Olivia giggled, covering her mouth as if she were laughing at something.

You're probably laughing at the world.

But since it's Olivia who's making Death Knight, she's probably laughing at herself the hardest.

"I think this is right, and if I'm wrong later, it's all my fault, so let's call it a day."

Olivia said she would take the blame, but we could never see it that way.

"We're almost there."

The walls of the imperial city of Emperatos were closing in.



* * *



Near the west side of Huangsheng, we entered a side street off the beaten path.

I wouldn't say it was odorless, but it wasn't as bad as the first place we walked into.

We don't have the same blueprints for the Yellow Castle, but Herriot had a schematic that Charlotte had drawn.

"Charlotte, does she know how to draw?"

Olivia's mouth dropped open in disbelief as she stared at the overly well-drawn map of Huang Sheng.

Clearly, Charlotte had negative thoughts about painting. We had talked about it at the Palace of Spring.

Of course, this has nothing to do with painting, but Charlotte drew the outline as accurately as if she were drawing with a ruler.

I know a lot of things I shouldn't know, and I can do a lot of things I shouldn't know.

......What it means to be royalty.

When I think about it, there's something fundamentally and solidly wrong with me being king.

It's no wonder you're not good at it!

Kono Lint frowned at the mention of the missing princess, but it was no secret that I had taken her with me to her burning in the first place.

As Olivia said, it was very detailed for a rough drawing.

Central Palace Tetra.

Each seasonal palace located in the East, West, South, and North.

Not only that, but the area around the imperial mausoleum, our target, was detailed with each palace's annexes and their locations, and even the location of the palace guards' barracks on the tram line.

"Is this....... Charlotte drew this?"

"Yes."

"So does Charlotte know?"

"Right."

Kono Lint stood frozen, trying to imagine what the Empress must have been thinking as she drew this outline.

Right.

You asked me to draw you a map because you're going to rob your ancestors' graves.

I didn't actually ask her to draw it, but she did.

Charlotte....... I wonder what kind of mood she was in when she drew this. Harriet looks up at the winter sky through the alleyway.

"I think we should move at night."

With the passage of time and the short days, it was getting dark.

"The Imperial Mausoleum, according to Charlotte, is closed at all times, with two guards at the gate at all times. Of course, the guards guard the gate, but they can't enter the mausoleum. It's not supposed to be open all the time."

"So once you get in, it's just empty on the inside?"

"That's right. It's always closed, except of course for the management staff who come in periodically for maintenance, and the change of management is once a week, and that's tomorrow, not today."

That's good news.

"The lock works with magic, not a key, and I suspect the mage in charge of the mausoleum knows how to open it. I'll have to try to dispel the enchantment on the door first, and see if that's possible or not."

"What if I can't?"

"It gets a little complicated from there. If we want to go quietly, we'll either have to find out the opening spell from the mausoleum's caretaker, or sneak in with him when the mausoleum opens tomorrow, which means we'll be doing the job twice, and that's not without risk."

Even if I did manage to get inside the palace, it wasn't easy to get inside the mausoleum.

"Of course, the protective magic on the mausoleum itself is unlikely to be very powerful. Not necessarily the door, but the windows or the ceiling. Reinhardt. There's also the brute force of you cutting through with your Auror blade. I'll disarm the alarm, and I'll use noise canceling, and it'll be easier to disarm that than the lock on the door, so we don't necessarily have to wait until tomorrow."

It's a late-night stunt, and it's not coming back, so you can get away with it.

Herriot's point that it's easier to defeat an alarm on the building itself than it is to unlock a door made sense.

Sure, it's a little annoying that it's easier to break through a wall or window than it is to open a door.

But I guess that's true of any house when you think about it.

If it's not possible to enter quietly, it will do so loudly, even if it leaves some traces.

Herriot looks to Kono Lint, who now has the most important role, but somehow the easiest.

"Lindt, what you need to do is get the three of us beyond those walls, and I'll use all of my stealth and camouflage spells. I don't know how long it will take to work inside the palace, but all magic related to spatial travel is blocked. ......."

"Wait, wait, wait."

When Herriot went on to explain something, Kono Lint interrupted him.

"I'm....... So all I have to do is let you guys in and let you guys out?"

"Yes."

"No....... From the sounds of it....... If I let you guys into that....... cemetery if I let you into that....... comfortable, don't you think?"

"......."

"......."

"I suppose so."

Harriet and I were silent, and Olivia nodded as Kono Lindt spoke in wonder.

You're right.

It's much simpler and easier when Kono Lint helps us from start to finish instead of just letting us into the palace.

"Yes, but Lint, putting too much pressure on you would be....... and that's not a pretty sight to behold."

I can't help but notice the hesitation in Herriot's voice.

Kono Lint is an outsider, brought in by oppression and intimidation.

But when he's asked to help break into the mausoleum, he's not just an accomplice, he's a key player. He even gets to see the Death Knights resurrected.

That's pretty much all that Cono Lint does.

It's funny how we try not to overreach on a topic we've been forced into, but it might be traumatizing for Kono Lint to see his former heroes wake up as Death Knights.

Originally, we were only going to ask them to let us in and out.

But he shakes his head.

"If you're going to do it anyway, there's no difference between doing more and doing less."

"......."

"I don't know if this is the right thing to do."

He sees me.

"But regardless of whether it's right or not, if....... If I'm going to play a role in this, I'm not going to fudge it, because we're in this together anyway."

Just as ConoLint can't fully affirm this, it can't fully deny it either.

So if I was going to play a role, I felt like I'd rather watch the whole thing than help out and then realize later that I didn't really know what I was doing.

Conor Lindt sees Herriot.

"Don't make me a coward."

"......Sorry, that was rude."

She apologized if she thought it was rude to leave him out of something important.

"Oh, no, not necessarily....... What......."

He blurted out that he hadn't expected her to apologize.

Ransack the Imperial Mausoleum to reanimate the remains of heroes as Death Knights.

"You do realize this is a felony that will go down in history, right?"

Konorint smirks at my comment.

"If you're going to do that, you're going to have to have a history."

"......Yes."

Everyone grows.

Because it's clear that it's not of their own volition, but of other people and circumstances.

In the end, I couldn't help but laugh bitterly.





Episode 555.





Kono Lint was able to move three of us at once, including himself.

"Okay, we can go together at once."

It's a short distance, but with Kono Lint and I holding hands, he triggers his ability and we're all on the move in one fell swoop.

"How many people?"

Herriot asked, since this was his first experience with non-magical teleportation.

"It's not the number, it's the weight. I don't know exactly, but maybe a little more than 200 kilograms, not counting me, and it can't be too bulky. No matter how light it is, you can't move something that's just gigantic."

It's more about mass and volume than numbers, he added.

Apparently, if the three of us weigh more than 200 kilograms combined, we can't move it.

"Somehow, it seems like a good thing......."

Herriot gave a subtle smile. Come to think of it, she's a cerebral person, not a physical person.

Olivia said cheerfully, puffing out her chest as she watched Harriet breathe a sigh of relief.

"You're still young, and when you get older, you're going to be all flabby from lack of exercise, so be prepared."

Of course, Olivia, who is very active and is actually a melee specialist, and now a near-necromancer, is far from lacking in exercise.

So after all.......

He's awesome in so many ways.......

"Well, on the subject of old muscle pigs."

"What?! I'm not old, I'm not a pig, where's the pig in all this fat, you little rat!"

"You're not going to get old, you're always going to be five years older than me no matter what. I mean, you're a little saggy even now."

"I'm not sagging! I'm not saggy! I'm physically younger than you! You have a curved back and a tortoiseshell neck because you're always digging in the corner of the room!"

"What? No, I didn't burn my neck!"

As Olivia and Harriet bicker, Kono Lint looks at me.

"Those two....... Are they always like that?"

"Even in places like ......."

"Ah."

We haven't infiltrated the palace yet, and it's a deserted alley, so I don't mind if you two get roasted.

It was no different here, a fight to the death.

Shame on you.

I'm a terrible housekeeper.

No, it's kind of dickish when you say family, but it's not like that. It's more like, you know, country management or something....... Uh.......

"It's not night yet, let them fight."

"Well, do you think......."

-You bent, you little turtle, you must have bent your spine!

-What are you, an old muscle pig!

-I'm not old! I'm not old! I'm still in my prime! I'm not a pig!

-You said that three years ago, so you're old!

-Ach! I'm going to kill you!

So if you don't do it, you lose.



* * *



With Kono Lint's full cooperation, it's like having a high pass to the mausoleum, not to mention the infiltration phase.

He's even more of a cheat than Sarkhegar when it comes to stealth.

I don't know if Kono Lint's combat power was as high as Klippmann's, but even if it was as high as Erich's, history would be changed.

The fact that Kono Lint has no combat talent and sucks at it is like a balance patch.

Of course, that's what I did, and if Kono Lint ever reaches my level of combat power, there's no stopping him from becoming emperor.

Somehow, he's so powerful that I've forced him to have a bunch of shortcomings.

With the help of KonoLint, we crossed the Yellow Wall.

The location is just inside the outer walls of the Imperial City, in the shadows and out of sight of anyone.

There might be guards on the walls, but there were no people on the ground.

"It's so easy, it's making me sick."

Herriot doesn't know how long it will take him to interpret and analyze the rings of Jupiter and figure out how to cross them, or even if it's possible.

But I felt like I couldn't do it with my superpowers.

"Okay, next location is there."

"Okay."

Blind spots, places where you wouldn't know an intruder was there.

Not that we weren't likely to be spotted, but the four of us were cautious, clinging to Kono Lint as we moved slowly toward the group, even though we were wrapped in magic for camouflage and concealment.

In the center is a tetra.

To the north is the Palace of Spring, where Charlotte lived.

To the west is the Winter Palace, where Bertus lived.

There is nothing to do in the two palaces, winter and spring, which are now empty.

To the south are government buildings, including the Palace of Autumn.

To the west is the area where the royal family resides, including the Summer Palace.

Our goal is the imperial residence to the west, and the temple with the imperial mausoleum further back.

You can use continuous teleportation to move as fast as you can, and the Imperial Palace is a large area to begin with.

You can pretend to be an imperial official and move about casually, but don't be too bold.

-pot!

With the power of Kono Lint, we moved slowly and carefully, sometimes in small increments, taking advantage of every angle of the field of view, including building rooftops.

In my experience, Cono Lint's capabilities are nothing short of fraudulent.

If I hadn't done the balance patch, the gate situation might have ended with Kono Lint single-handedly.

Soon we arrived at a gap in the garden's flowerbeds where the imperial mausoleum was faintly visible.

It was a huge temple, and just as Herriot had said, two guards stood at the front door.

To get in the front door, you had to secure the opening spell and hypnotize or subdue the guards.

Otherwise, I'd have to disarm the building's own alarm spell, muffle the noise with noise canceling, and enter the building from a blind spot.

But as long as you have Kono Lint, you don't need all that planning.

"We're going right inside."

"Uh."

-pot!

We went straight to the inside of the temple, where the imperial mausoleum is located.



* * *



Unsurprisingly, the inside of the temple, which houses the imperial mausoleum, was deserted.

But there was a light inside.

All four of us crouch down and look around, just in case. There's an elongated window that allows everyone to see into the temple where the mausoleum is located.

At the front of the temple's great chapel stood a massive statue of the five gods, and in the center of the statue was a wide, massive, straight staircase leading down to the basement.

I wasn't expecting anything overly ornate, but the chapel had a solemn feel with gray textures throughout.

You'd think a temple in an imperial mausoleum would be almost as crude as this.

But rather than an ornate tomb, this monotonous feeling was more solemn.

In this sense, the Empire was not so much about splendor per se, as it was about the solemnity of the Central Palace Tetra.

As far as pomp goes, the Temple has the edge. Of course, Temple is, after all, an academy owned by the Empire.

"Let's go down."

Keeping our posture low so that no one could see us through the window, we entered the stairwell.

Now we don't have to worry about anyone seeing us from the outside.

Mausoleums have no people inside because no one enters them unless something special happens.

But as we descended into the overly serene basement of the imperial temple, we couldn't help but hold our breath.

Rather than worrying about the possibility of someone being there, it was definitely because of what we were about to do.

The basement was lit, too.

After descending a long circular staircase, we entered a basement with high ceilings.

Like the above ground, the catacombs were grayish throughout.

A place of solemnity and antiquity rather than glamor.

Catacombs.

It wasn't the dreary, spooky space commonly referred to as the Catacomb.

I didn't see the grave as soon as I went down.

Upon arriving at the giant hollow, we were greeted by four corridors that branched out in all directions from the center of the hollow.

At the entrance to each corridor were stone carvings with different patterns.

"...... Those things, by the way. They're not gargoyles, are they?"

I was referring to the guardsman-like statues in the catacombs below.

"I don't feel particularly magical, and I would have told you if I had detected a gargoyle in the first place."

"Really? You'd think they'd have a grave guardian or something, wouldn't you?"

At Olivia's question, Harriet gave a short sigh.

"If there were intruders in the imperial mausoleum in the first place, it would mean that the imperial castle itself had been breached, so there was no need to build it. Of course, this is how we got in."

"Hmm, technically, yes."

"And you wouldn't expect someone who succeeded in infiltrating the imperial palace in the first place to be in the mausoleum. They'd go somewhere else."

"I guess that's true, too. But we walked into a place where no one expected us to be, right?"

"Sort of."

Places that are relatively unguarded.

It would be impossible to anticipate the crazy things we do.

If you want money, you'll rob an imperial vault or a treasure trove; if you want assassination, you don't need to come here; if you want information, you don't need to come here, where there is nothing but the silence of the dead.

Technically, it's the one place in the imperial palace that has no value to anyone except the royal family.

So we're the freaky thieves who came to the easiest place to rob, the place that wouldn't turn up any dust.

Of course, we're here to rob the remains of those who have no value, but are an integral part of human history.

A place with no value but tons of symbolism.

At the four crossroads of the Imperial Mausoleum, Herriot examines the orientation and symbolism.

"The north would be the graveyard of the imperial family, the west would be the graveyard of those who made great academic achievements, the east would be the artists, and the south would be the graveyard of those who founded the martial arts."

We don't need people with brains, inspiration, or noble origins.

You'll need the remains of warriors who have accomplished feats worthy of war heroes.

Konorint grabbed my arm to see if I was nervous.

What the fuck is wrong with you?

"Whatever."

"...... nothing, scary stuff."

Olivia's scary, and Harriet's a different person, but I saw her and Olivia get into a harsh exchange earlier, and I know she's still mean, so that's why I'm holding on to you.

But technically, shouldn't you be scared of me the most?

Oh, right.

I see you're still stuck on.......

People change, and then they don't.

By the way.

Technically, you should be scared of me the most in this room.......

What.

That's it.

Shit.

"Why are you scared? We're here to do something even scarier."

"Well, yeah, but......!"

Konorint shouted under his breath, even though no one was listening.

But the lowering of voices was something we all talked about.

Unnecessary pacing and talking will also lower your breathing.

I think it's more because it's a graveyard than because I don't want to be found out.

There was something ridiculous about coming to awaken someone's spirit and then having to lower your voice so as not to disturb the silence of the tomb.

"Let's go."

Herriot led the way, and we followed.

This is an imperial mausoleum, so it's no surprise that it's not a sprawling, maze-like structure.

After walking some distance down the hallway, the space expanded again and we found ourselves in the Mausoleum of the Heroes.

An open space appeared, followed by a straight, elongated room and then a staircase leading further down.

"The mausoleum is the first floor from here, and I'm told there are five more floors underground, but I'm told it's only the fourth floor that's actually filled in."

A graveyard for some of the greatest heroes in human history.

It was pretty intuitive.

A sarcophagus buried in the ground, with only the lid visible, and a tombstone symbolizing the holy arc in front of it. On the tombstone was a slab with a one-word inscription summarizing his life's work and a biography.

And the back of that tombstone.

"Until the gargoyle....... There it is......."

Behind each grave was a statue of a hero, carved in the likeness of that hero in life.

Sometimes they were stoic, sometimes they were solemn, sometimes they were dynamic, holding and wielding weapons.

If the statues were different, it was because they were made at different times.



[Langkruten, Lord of the Frostbite, is laid to rest here].



I'm not interested in Imperial history, but there was definitely history in the Temple integration course.

As such, I could see the familiar names of heroes from the history of the Empire dotted among these graves. Of course, that doesn't mean I'm going to go into detail.

"All the big boys are here."

Olivia chuckled as she saw the names of the heroes buried, the inscriptions on the statues and tombstones, names she recognized almost immediately.

The number of tombs on a floor is roughly forty.

The tomb is said to be five stories underground, but is actually filled to four stories, so there are probably over a hundred tombs in total.

This number is either small or large.

It's an unknown.

"Maybe....... The Warriors and the post-Gate heroes are on the fourth floor of the basement, or so I've heard."

"It's not going to happen for all of them, the ones that are too old are likely not going to happen."

"You mean we have to go underground?"

"Right."

I don't know if this type of burial causes the remains to decay or not, but it's unlikely that older remains would be meaningful.

A body that hasn't been dead for long.

How many Death Knights can we resurrect from these graves in total?

If it can be resurrected, and the stronger it is, the stronger the Death Knight, the more powerful it is.

We followed the stairs down to the basement, down to the basement, down to the basement.

Passing by statues and tombstones of heroes, we reached the fourth level of the underground.

Upon arrival, we could see that the structure of the tomb was different than before.

"So those five are treated differently?"

Olivia said.

"I see."

Herriot nodded.

Up until now, tombstones and statues have flanked the wall on either side as you descend the stairs.

But as soon as we descended the stairs, we could see the five statues and tombs in front of us.

And the center of it.

There was a gargoyle holding Alsbringer high in the air.

Similar yet different faces.



[Savior of mankind, seeker of justice, champion of Als].

[the one, the only, the eternal warrior].

[Lagan Artorius].

[May he rest in peace].



In the center stood the statue of Ragan Artorius, flanked by the statues of his companions, two on each side.

Wizard, Mullern.

Priest, Seizaria.

Ranger, Ragnar Olfy.

Magic Swordsman, Shadows.

Having accomplished the greatest feat in the history of mankind - slaying a demon - the five were given the most special place in this imperial mausoleum, the Hall of Heroes.

At the far end of the front was the grave of a group of warriors, but there were still graves on either side.

"Chronologically, ....... There are two graves that have been added since the Gate incident."

Harriet glanced back down the hall. I saw the names, too, but I didn't recognize them.

I don't know, but from the Empire's point of view, they must have died with a major to get in here.

"You mean to bring Ragan Artorius and his band of warriors back to....... with the Death Knight......?"

Kono Lint looks at me, his face pale, as if to ask if he should. All other things aside, Ragan Artorius is Ellen's brother, so it shouldn't be done.

It's like, "You're not doing this, are you?

But then again, I'm the devil's son, right?

"I know what you're thinking, but there are no remains of Lagan Artorius."

"Why?"

"There were no bodies left, anyway."

I can't help but say that because I don't realize that neither the Devil nor the body of Lagan Artorius has been destroyed in the Nihil.

What if.

If Ragan Artorius' ashes were here, I'd be in favor or against Deathknighting them.

I think Olivia would have said yes, and Harriet would have said no.

I.

Honestly, I'm not sure.

Just as I chose not to bring back Loyard and Effinghauser, I don't think I would have made Lagan Artorius look like that.

But if the remains were there, I wonder if unleashing the Death Knight of Lagan Artorius on his murdered father would have been some kind of vicious and satisfying revenge.

Although I have no intention of doing so.

"We don't have time for rambling. We're going to do a ritual, though I'm not sure how many of them will happen."

-Snarl

Olivia summons Tiamata, a magic sword, in her right hand.

There's no time for sentimentality, and no need to worry about the ashes of the non-existent Lagan Artorius.

Bringing back some of the greatest heroes in human history.

It's just a shell, but it's going to be a powerful shell.

Kono Lint narrowed his eyes at Tiamata, the black energy of corruption rising in him.

"Okay....... Let's get started."

Olivia smiles wickedly.

In the hands of the villains of the century, the desecration of the heroes of the century begins.



* * *



The time is night.

But there is no one to enter the mausoleum, and it is so deeply buried that our rituals cannot be noticed from the outside.

Someone from the outside might be able to detect it, but she had that part covered. It was clear from his reassurances that he had a plan.

Olivia was mumbling something in the center of the tomb, four levels underground, with her magic sword Tiamata stuck in the floor.

And the ghostly energy from Tiamata was trickling out and permeating each tomb.

Even as I pretended, I could feel the ominous energy being infused.

Me, Herriot, and Kono Lint watched the ritual from our perch at the head of the stairs to the third floor.

"By the way, I thought my sister was a priestess of Tuan....... What the hell is going on, and what is that sword......."

Kono Lint doesn't speak English, so I have no idea how Olivia Ranze is able to wield such evil power.

"Tiamataya."

"Tiamata? Tiamata is a holy relic, right? That....... Not sinister."

"Long story short, the gods and demigods are actually the same thing."

"......What's that?"

"So that's Tiamata."

"Oh, no, come on, explain it to me, what are you talking about!"

"......I'll tell you."

When he realized I was being a little too cursory, he grabbed Kono Lint and walked me through it.

Misconceptions about the gods and goddesses and the changing nature of holy objects.

The ritual was long enough that Herriot had time to explain it to Kono Lint.

Of course, even when I explained it to him calmly, it was still hard for him to understand or accept.

"Nonsense......."

"People have been thinking all wrong all this time."

"Hey, that's weird. There's no such thing as a demon, but that....... It doesn't make sense for a demon to have powers....... That's....... That kind of power....... Divine power? Not like black magic or something......?"

"Think of it this way, Lint, the gods may not be who we think they are at all. They may not even be the Five Great Gods in the first place. They're just names given to them by mortals."

"Nor....... No......."

Kono Lint doesn't have a strong belief in gods.

But no one denies the attributes of the gods as beings.

There are the Five Great Gods, and there's this thing called demonology.

In fact, it's not even that, and even the belief in the five great gods is just a name given to some absolute power, and even the name of the five great gods can be wrong.

In fact, I learned that in Lizaira, the vampires originated from the gods.

The gods are unknowable, and that includes me.

Even I don't know if there is such a thing as will, and if so, when and how it manifests itself.

So maybe discussing the gods is worthless.

It's just that power exists and it manifests.

-Woof

Kono Lint stared blankly at Tiamata, who oozed ominous darkness.

I don't need to be told that it's ridiculous or that it's impossible.

It's actually happening, so it's possible.

Because what you see is what you get.

"Nonsense......."

Pure divine power.

Its power is manifested in its opposite.

Olivia didn't move, just mumbled something to make sure she was paying attention.

For a very long time.

It's been about two hours since Olivia began her ritual.

"ugh....... 읍......."

Kono Lindt started to yawn, then shut his mouth as if he didn't think this was a good time to yawn.

Or maybe just a little yawn. I think I'm going to get one.

"...... normally takes this long?"

He shakes his head.

"Well, that's what rituals are for."

I've never made a Death Knight myself, and I've never seen Olivia make one.

But Olivia was on a mission to purify the fallen Tiamata.

"Hmmm....... If it's going to take this long, I don't mind here, but it might be a little tough in a national cemetery......."

Herriot said.

"......Yes."

I didn't expect it to be easy, but if it takes too long, you may need to drastically revise your plans.

It's out of sight, out of mind. In a national cemetery, we don't know who will see what we do, when or where.

Even if it's nighttime, it's pretty embarrassing to be seen by someone.

-No.

But in the distance, Olivia must have heard our conversation, because she shook her head.

-It doesn't normally take this long.

-Pak!

Olivia narrowed her eyes and plucked the tiara from the stone floor of the cemetery.

"Are we done?"

Has he already been Deathknighted and has he been absorbed into the sword, or has he been summoned back?

Olivia shook her head as we walked down the stairs.

"I'm not done, I haven't even started."

"......what?"

"It's not responding at all, no matter how much divine power I pour into it."

Olivia stares at the silent graves.

"Did they do something to it? Purified with pure divine power, blessed, or whatever......."

Olivia hummed and crossed her arms.

"I'm not sure, but......."

"Could it be that too much time has passed since his death?"

At Harriet's question, Olivia shook her head.

"I've heard stories of the ...... pagans making Death Knight out of ashes, and even if it's all rotted away, my divine power is enough to scrape together the traces and force it to rise."

Olivia has a lot of power.

It's almost enough power to make it work, but it doesn't.

Herriot gets a puzzled look on his face.

"Are we prepared for this? I didn't hear that from Charlotte."

"I mean, no matter how much he doesn't like the two of us, he's not going to lead Reinhardt astray."

Charlotte is royalty, so she should have some idea of royal funeral customs.

If I were preparing for undeadization, I would have made that clear.

"Maybe he didn't tell me because it was too basic? That's possible. Or maybe I have too much faith in my abilities. Hmmm....... But honestly, I'm pretty confident I can raise makeup bone dust....... This is the Empire, after all. Maybe there's a special way to do it that I don't know about......."

It fails.

Corpses in the Hall of Heroes could not be revived.

"Well, we're special people, so I guess we can do that, and it's not like this is the end of the world anyway, we can go somewhere else, right?"

Harriet comforted Olivia, who was looking downcast.

Harriet is right. There are tons of graves in the national cemetery.

It's a shame we couldn't revive the Heroes of the Mausoleum, but we won't be stuck here much longer.

"Da, where else....... somewhere else?"

Kono Lint was fed up with being told that we had the following in store for our misbehavior.

"Yeah, you don't have to come with us this time, although we'd love to have your help."

"Oh, no....... What....... What to do......."

You don't need Kono Lint this time. Of course, there's no one better to help you escape than Kono Lint, but this isn't an imperial palace or a temple, so Herriot can do it.

Kono Lint seemed to be debating whether or not to go through with this again.

We may have tried something and failed, but we didn't rob an imperial mausoleum.

If you don't have to do something bad together, why do it?

I was about to say that, because I don't think it's a bad idea to get out of this.

"It's weird to say the least."

Olivia said.

"What is it?"

Olivia bit her lip at my words.

"That's weird."

I don't know if it's hard to accept that I've failed, but there's certainly no one with Olivia's divine powers.

However, if the empire does something special and you're prepared to deal with it, I guess you can't help it.

"Weird, this."

Olivia suddenly walks off somewhere.

Toward the grave.

"What, what are you doing?"

Herriot paled at the sight of Olivia standing in front of the grave.

Olivia squatted down in front of the sarcophagus and gripped its lid with both hands.

A tendon sprouted on Olivia's forehead.

"Eat!"

-GGGGGGG!

The lid of a giant sarcophagus, immovable to a normal person, begins to open with the sound of scraping stone.

No, what are you doing?

"Aah! Tea!"

-Giggle!

The sound of scraping stone rang out, and Olivia forced the closed sarcophagus open.

"Yeah....... I knew it."

A wry smile tugged at Olivia's lips as she looked down at the sarcophagus.

Suddenly, Olivia, who has opened the lid of the closed coffin, looks back in our direction.

"Empty."

"......what?"

"?"

"What?"

"Nothing."

I walked over to Olivia's side to see what she was talking about, and I couldn't help but freeze.

The inside of the sarcophagus was empty.

Nothing.

Conor Lint and Harriet stumbled over, frozen when they saw the coffin was empty.

Maybe it's a case of Lagan Artorius.



[Ludena Yan].

[Rest in peace, the great hero who stood alone against the darkness of the Darklands and protected tens of thousands].



I don't know who it is.

But if there's an expression for sleeping here, then the ashes should be here.

Despite the three of us being mesmerized, Olivia started opening other coffin lids.

-GGGGGGG!

-Thump!

"Here."

-Thump!

"Here."

-Thump!

"Hmm."

-Thump!

Olivia's expression hardened as she opened the other five sarcophagi in a flash.

"It's all empty."

Olivia didn't fail.

In the first place, there were no remains.





Episode 556.





"They're all empty."

The second floor of the Hall of Heroes.

Olivia and I opened the other sarcophagi to find that the remains were gone.

There were so many sarcophagi that I couldn't open them all, but I was pretty sure they were all empty without checking.

Not only was Herriot missing, but Kono Lint was too.

"This is....... I think......."

Harriet stares at me, still.

"......If we could think of it, so could someone else."

"Yes......."

Raise the undead heroes of the past and use them for power. Olivia's idea was unusual and grotesque, but it came from a human mind.

Who says we can't say what we think of others?

"Well, by the way....... Someone, like us, came in here like this and....... revived the body and walked out?"

Conor Lindt was frozen.

"It's weird that you're not freaking out after all this, and frankly, I wouldn't have gotten in here so easily if I wasn't capable of it......."

If the mausoleum had been robbed long ago, there should have been a big fuss.

Kono Lint's statement that we may not get caught is true, but others must have left a trail.

"Where is the evidence that it has to be some other faction doing this?"

"......?"

This is stupid.

"If it was the imperial family, of course there wouldn't be a fuss. Who the hell knows?"

The imperial family reanimates the remains of the mausoleum as undead.

It's a horrifying thought, but it's not something that can't happen.

Only the Imperials can confirm that.

"This is ridiculous. The Empire would do such a thing, Bertus?"

We were going to do everything we could to survive the war, to win the war, and we were going to use every means at our disposal.

So Bertus can make that choice.

"Not for sure. We haven't figured out the Empire's use of the undead yet."

The empire may have had other reasons, and they may not have had anything to do with undeadization.

It's just a guess because the body is missing.

Olivia says with a stern look.

"We should go to the national cemetery."

We don't know what happened in the imperial mausoleum.

But there's no use for it here anymore.

"This might not be the end of it."

Olivia's eyes narrowed as if she were imagining something sinister.



* * *



The sarcophagi in the Hall of Heroes were all empty.

In a way, we were planning a felony and stumbled upon a bizarre case.

We are under no obligation to investigate this case.

But we need to figure out what happened.

The most likely candidate is the Empire.

But Olivia wanted to go one step further, and she knew it wouldn't be the end of the story.

Kono Lint didn't mind not having to accompany him to the national cemetery when his work at the mausoleum was done.

But he followed us, demanding to know what was going on in this strange business.

It didn't exactly follow, but rather led with its spatial movement.

We made a quick exit from the imperial palace and traveled with Kono Lint to the national cemetery where the night fell.

It was night, so the cemetery was naturally deserted, and mourners would have no reason to be in this location at this time of night.

That's why the vast cemeteries were empty, but the temples were lit.

The resident priests, administrators, and guards will remain.

A graveyard area for those who were not able to enter the Hall of Heroes, but made their mark.

We've reached the outskirts of the cemetery, out of sight of the temple's lights.

"What the hell is going on here......?"

Konorint looked at Olivia, whose face had hardened into a cold mask of fear.

"I won't know until I see it."

In the darkness, Olivia begins to scan the graves, headstone by headstone.

A graveyard of warriors.

None of the names are familiar, but Olivia walks past them one by one, staring at the headstones.

"What are you trying to see?"

"Date."

When Harriet asked, Olivia answered simply: "I don't know.

Olivia scanned the tombstones wordlessly, and soon she was standing in front of a grave.

Maybe they were trying to find a more recent grave.

"I'm going to start working, cover me up."

"Is ...... okay?"

"I'm not going to do this on a large scale. If it's just one, it's hard to get caught."

Since we're going to be doing something different than the original plan of a massive undead resurrection, it's easy to hide.

No one comes and goes, but it can't hurt to be careful.

Herriot casts stealth and other concealment spells, while Olivia rests her hand on the tombstone and begins to channel the holy power of Corruption.

Konorint stares at me with a look of fear.

"You can't possibly....... that this place might be all empty....... that it might all be empty?"

If not only the mausoleums of heroes, but also the graves of fallen soldiers in the national cemetery are all empty.

What happens then, and how do I deal with it?

His lips were quivering.

"I don't know, I'm not sure about anything until I see it for myself."

"......."

At my words, Kono Lindt shook his head.

How much time has passed.

-Woof!

The flat green grass behind the headstone began to stir.

If the area is shaking, it means something is trying to come out of the ground.

We're good here.

Because that's what it means to have something to revive.

"Ugh, ugh......!"

Kono Lindt's complexion turned blue and he began to tremble.

-Woof! Cringe!

-Swoosh!

Soon, the grass stirred, and a skeletal hand emerged from the earth.

Resurrection of the dead.

To be more precise, it's resurrecting from the dead.

Konorint averted his gaze from the sight, and I watched the half-resurrection crawl out of the ground, arms outstretched.

-Grrr

We could see it crawling out of the ground with a chilling rumble.

A rotting corpse buried in the ground rose, shrouded in a black aura of corruption.

It wasn't completely decayed yet, so there was still some flesh attached to it, which made it all the more gruesome to look at.

Kono Lint didn't dare look at him, and Harriet covered her mouth to keep from feeling nauseous.

Olivia stares at the still, reanimated corpse.

"Ugh....... But the bodies are still here....... still there, right?"

"I guess so."

At Herriot's words, Olivia could only give a knowing nod.

Olivia stares at the skeleton, which has come to life and stares back at her with blank eyes.

Only the decaying flesh had been resurrected, without the spirit.

"I need to get a few more spheres up."

After staring at the reanimated skeleton for a long time, Olivia only added briefly, "I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to help you.



* * *



One by one, Olivia reanimated the bodies, not in a grand ritual, but as if she were burglarizing them in the dead of night.

Five phrases in total.

This was a very small number in the grand scheme of this cemetery.

"Say something, if you know something, I know something. If you don't know, say you don't know......."

Harriet muttered to herself uneasily as she watched Olivia, who hadn't said a word, just revived the corpse and stared at it.

The reanimated remains could only stare after us.

"Go back."

Olivia didn't respond to Harriet's comment, but spoke briefly.

-Grrr

And the ashes began to burrow back into the ground from which they had sprung.

"Put this back. I don't want you to find out what you've been digging up."

"What?"

"Go ahead, do it, I'll explain in a minute."

At best, Olivia returns them to their graves.

Herriot watched, nervously, as they crawled out of the ground and dug their way back into their graves.

Herriot telekinetically buries the dirt and grass and glues the torn grass back together.

I can't say it's obvious, but it's enough to fool the eye that it's been dug out. Olivia finally looks at me.

"I've searched five warriors' graves and have not been able to create a single Death Knight. What could this be?"

Olivia says she's tried and failed five times to make Death Knight.

These are the graves of the majors, the warriors among them.

It's not a wizard or anything.

I should be able to make a Death Knight or two, but they all failed.

"It's like the bodies were all switched."

It's not like an imperial mausoleum.

The body is there, but it's possible that someone other than the grave's owner is buried there.



* * *



The undead Olivia had raised went back to their graves.

I had to revive it, but I put it back to rest.

"All the graves I've caused are after the Gate, and after the Alliance."

Olivia was reviving the body by looking at the date, not the name.

"They're relatively recent burials. According to Mr. Sarkegar, the Allies are cremating most of the bodies, but the ones buried in this national cemetery after the Allies left, they were important enough that they had to be shipped back to the ecliptic for burial, not cremation. You know what I mean?"

"......, you know."

"It doesn't make sense that they couldn't make Deathknight out of five of those bodies, all of which were laid to rest in a warrior's tomb."

The body of a man of such importance that even the Allies, who cremate most corpses, must repatriate him to the ecliptic for burial. Such a man's power in life was not insignificant.

Since the body had just been buried, it would have been a perfect candidate for Death Knight.

But in Olivia's eyes, it was subpar.

Sure, maybe a phrase or two.

But it happened five times in a row.

"The bottom line is simple: you can't make Death Knight in a national cemetery by raising any corpse."

Olivia concludes coldly.

"The Empire is really making Death Knight? The Empire has....... who can wield demonic power like my sister....... like your sister?"

Olivia shakes her head at Konorint's words.

"We don't have to assume they're Death Knights, but if they're trying to get hold of the bodies of people who were powerful in life, we can assume that they're building something like that or experimenting with it, even if they're not Death Knights, and it doesn't have to be Kieran's power to create undead with Death Knight-like powers, because that's what black magic is, right?"

"ah......."

The process is different, but the result will be similar.

You don't need to know about demonic powers to create undead. There are similarities between black magic and the powers of Kier.

If we make Deathknights with the holy power of corruption, the Empire can make them with black magic.

"It might not be the Death Knights, as I said, and it's possible they're doing something other than actually creating the undead. But the Empire can't be uninvolved. This place and the Imperial Mausoleum are both under Imperial control, so hoping it's a third party and not the Empire is a bit optimistic."

Olivia's conclusion is that empire will never be irrelevant to this situation, and I agree.

The Empire may be creating the undead from the bodies of those who have died for humanity, or they may be doing something more.

It's just that the Empire did what we're trying to do first, and to say it's evil is to lie down and spit in the wind.

It's just shocking.

"That said, the move to repatriate the body to the ecliptic is more likely to be a ruse designed to steal it and do something else with it along the way."

"......I guess so."

It's a disguised procedure for establishing important majors and burying fallen warriors in the Zodiacal National Cemetery.

Bury someone else's body and use the actual body for something else.

Repatriating a body to the ecliptic is already an excuse in itself.

"But we've never seen the Empire field an army of undead."

"That's right....... I've never seen or heard of an army like that."

Kono Lint and Herriot said.

"You're saving it. For later."

Just as it's obvious when we fight alongside the Allies, it's obvious when the Allies start fielding battalions of Death Knights. There's going to be pandemonium.

It's an army you can't use unless you're really cornered. Olivia looks at me.

"If that happens, you have a plausible excuse. There are only so many things you can say and get away with, like the Empire is the Devil's army."

"......I guess so."

Let's say the Empire really does need to field a Death Knight army.

We tell them it's a demon army that has nothing to do with us, and that's that. The Alliance will panic, but it's better than admitting that they have a Death Knight army on their hands.

Because, as Olivia said, it's a continental reality right now that if you say that everything bad that happens in the world is my fault, most people will believe it.

The empire is stockpiling power.

You'll have to draw on the power you've stored up by raising the bodies of the fallen, but only at the very last possible moment.

Now that he had the excuse of being a demon, Bertus chose to reanimate the bodies of dead heroes.

Of course, this didn't happen in the original, because there was no universal excuse for a new demon, and even if there had been, it wouldn't have been used until the end.

We have no reason or right to blame him. If Bertus hadn't done it, we would have.

But Kono-Lindt couldn't help but wonder if it was shocking that the Empire would do such a thing with their own hands.

What is evil when we do it is evil when the empire does it.

"Unbelievable......."

For a while, he just mumbled incoherently.

Well, at least it would make some sense if a defined enemy did this.

In this case, it's technically a betrayal.

Isn't it possible that while we're calling them heroes for dying for humanity, behind the scenes we're reanimating them as the undead, creating an army of the dead for emergencies?

In my case, I don't care if it's known.

I'm a demon, and it's only when it's known that a demon creates an army of the dead that bad guys do bad things.

In fact, I was about to do the same thing against Bertus' wishes.

It's human nature that when a bad guy does something bad, it's ironic, but it's human nature.

I'm kind of like that, but I'm not an empire at all.

But if it became known that you were doing this, your empire would be torn apart.

"I think Bertus is taking an overly risky gamble."

I had no choice but to say so.

A risky gamble.

However, it's a gamble.

"By the way, you can't replenish your Death Knight at....... I'm afraid."

Herriot sighed with a complicated expression.

Bringing dead heroes back to life and using them as an army doesn't seem like the right thing to do.

I'm glad we don't have to do it ourselves, but I'm sure it's already happening in the hands of others.

This is both a good thing and a bad thing.

According to Herriot, we failed to replenish the Death Knight, and he had a very nasty suspicion.

Olivia shrugged at Harriet's comment.

"No? There's still one more to go?"

Huh?

What does that mean?

"What's left?"

"There was one more place I was going to go. I'm going to go there."

Olivia puts her hand firmly on Konorint's shoulder.

"Lindt, can you help me one last time?"

"Is that ......?"

"Are you going to help me?"

"Yeah, sure!"

Sadly, our Mr. Lint was not one to turn down an offer like this.

"Where are you going?"

Olivia's eyes narrowed at my question.

"If this is the work of the Empire, then the places that aren't part of it should still be intact, right?"

"What?"

"Oh....... No way......."

I didn't understand, and Harriet looked at me like she knew what she was talking about.

"The tomb of a saint."

Tomb of the Saints.

The tombs of the saints overseen by the Crusader Knights and the Great High Priestesses were, naturally, beyond the reach of Imperial influence.

In Charlotte's case, she still assumed we were going to rob the Hall of Heroes, and even if Bertus was actually making Death Knight, she wouldn't touch the remains of royalty.

But the tombs of the saints.

I can't comment directly, but I think it's pretty obvious what's in there.

"No, he, he....... Can I?"

Olivia's stepfather.

Former leader of the Crusader Knights and a man who died at my hands.

Someone who died a villain by my standards, but was said to have died honorably while fighting a demon.

Surely the grave of Leviathan is there?

"I'm going to make up for not being able to do it when she was alive."

Olivia smiled, and we were dazed by her smile.





Episode 557.





The Tomb of the Saints is located in the basement of Crusader Headquarters.

And, as with most Allied forces, the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses were fully committed to this war.

As a result, the Crusader headquarters was operating with minimal staff.

Naturally, there are no palace or temple-level barriers at Crusader HQ.

It's not like I'm undead, so I can't get in and out.

As such, infiltrating the Crusaders' headquarters should be relatively easy compared to the Imperial Palace or Temple.

There are only a handful of people, and we're going to a place that's obviously off the beaten path: the tombs of the saints.

It's an easy place to infiltrate in the first place, and with Kono Lint's help, it was deceptively easy to make it to the Cemetery of the Saints.

"Damn, I really don't know what's right anymore."

When you're forced to help us do what we're trying to do, you're probably wondering if it's worth it.

But when he realized that the Empire was doing this by hitting him, it seemed to Kono Lint that all of his value judgments about good and evil became irrelevant.

He who is first to do evil is first.

That's why Kono Lint decided to help us for the third time to finally create Deathknight in the Tomb of the Saints.

"It's not as big as the imperial mausoleum, but this place is huge."

Tomb of the Saints.

The cemetery, located in the basement of the Crusader Knights, was not as massive as the imperial mausoleum, but it was ancient and solemn.

The overall atmosphere is not that of an imperial mausoleum.

At regular intervals, the walls of the huge communal hall were embossed with the holy symbols of the deities the dead saints worshipped, along with their names and biographies.

Like a morgue.

Within those walls are the remains of dead saints.

It's more like an ossuary with a coffin than an urn.

The coffins in the wall totaled more than ten stories in length.

However, the gap was quite wide, so the coffin at the head of the peak was almost seven meters up.

The tombs of the great saints, in particular, had their tombstones set in the ground, not against the wall, and their coffins buried behind them.

"The Crusader Order doesn't have a long history, so there aren't many saints' remains."

"You mean there will be more tombs in the great hall of each of the Five Great Patriarchs' headquarters?"

"Yes, but it's pointless, since all the other capitals would have been destroyed except for the Great Temple of Als in the ecliptic."

The Crusader Knights were created for the Great Demon War, and their history is not very long. As such, the remains of the saints were likely to be found in other crusades.

"Still, given its short history, most of the saints who enter the Mausoleum are chosen for their military accomplishments, not their theological ones, so I think we'll get more Death Knights from this side, so we won't need to go to the Great Battle of Als."

Those who died in the Demon War.

Those who died in the Gate debacle.

After all, a major is an accomplishment, so the saints of the Crusader Order will most likely be priests or paladins.

The absolute number of saints, at least, will be the remains of those who served their purpose in creating Death Knight.

"Keep the door closed. If anyone comes in and sees you, you'll be in trouble."

"Yes."

The great entrance to the catacombs. Herriot is in charge of blocking the door.

"Reinhard, can you check it out, because I'm in a bit of a bind without a body this time."

"Yes."

I turn to the common wall and place my hand on the opening of a sealed sarcophagus in the wall.

It's a sarcophagus that doesn't even have a handle, because once you shove it into the wall, there's no reason to open it again.

Without this body, things get a lot more complicated.

-Snap! Puck!

I smash the sarcophagus against the wall with my bare hands and check inside.

"I have."

"Okay, so you're saying that the Crusaders never joined in on this undead fun."

I was surprised that no one was surprised that I was able to break down a stone wall with my bare hands. Kono Lint wasn't surprised either.

Anyway.

This is when it became clear that the Empire was responsible for the evaporation of the bodies. If the entire Alliance was involved, the tombs of the saints would be empty.

What's happening now is imperial dictate.

Eventually, this time, I realized that the body was still intact.

-Bam!

Olivia stands in the center and strikes with her magic sword Tiamata.

"Okay, let's get real."

-Woof!

The power of corruption begins to trickle out of the blade.

There will be no failures this time.



* * *



Olivia said it wasn't supposed to take that long in the first place.

It only took me so long because I didn't realize there were no bodies in the imperial mausoleum.

Still, it wasn't a quick fix.

About 30 minutes into Olivia's ritual.

-thump

There was a dull thud, like something hitting the wall.

"ugh....... ugh......."

Kono Lint flinched and slithered toward me.

Yeah, it's a cringe-worthy moment.

The strange echoes continue from the walls of the Cemetery of the Saints, as if something has begun this time.

The sound of hitting something.

-Hududuk

A gray dust of stone dust rose from the walls, echoing from the ceiling of the communal room.

Statues and symbols of the gods shake.

-Thump! Thump!

The banging on the wall starts to get louder and louder.

The slow vibration gets faster and faster.

-Thump! thump! Thump! Puck!

And then there's the sarcophagus, the square tombstone embedded in the wall, whose lid is beginning to crack.

-Bang!

Then one of the lids bursts open with a cloud of dust and something crawls out of the wall.

The bones of a saint crawl out from within the walls, the bones of a saint who has passed into eternity.

-Grrr

With gaping eye sockets and pitch blackness all around him, he slips out of the cramped room and falls to the floor.

-Thump!

His skeletal body crashes to the ground, then slowly picks himself up.

A corpse rose to life, and a bony saint stood over it, his entire body radiating a white-hot energy.

-grrrr

Growling in a strange voice, the skeleton wakes up and slowly walks to Olivia's side.

The creeping energy from his body soon becomes a cloak of darkness, enveloping the skeleton from head to toe.

A skeleton shrouded in darkness.

The ultimate undead.

The Saint, resurrected as Deathknight, kneels before Olivia.

"Okay......."

-thump

-Thump!

The sound of awakened beings pounding on the sarcophagus filled the cavity, like birds trying to break free of their eggs.



* * *



The ceremony lasted an hour and a half.

Seventy-five phrases in all.

The Death Knights, now called the Seventy-Five, have risen.

There were definitely things that didn't happen.

However, the remains of saints who had been Deathknighted by the power of corruption were clearly before our eyes.

The underground cavity was sprinkled with stone dust from the broken sarcophagi.

With Herriot's noise-canceling in place, there were no priests who sensed something was amiss and came here.

I don't want to do a restore or anything.

We're leaving, and we're not coming back.

The Crusaders will be up in arms when they find out that the Tomb of the Saints has been nearly destroyed, but it's none of our business because they've already accomplished their goal.

This will not be enough.

But getting enough Death Knights is impossible in the first place. There is no such thing as enough power in this war.

The Death Knights are basically skeletons.

Wounds sustained in life, or parts missing, were rebuilt with the divine power of the Corruption.

-grrrr

The Death Knight has no living self, only an eerie, low rumble.

It's just a shell.

Olivia approaches one of the many Death Knights.

All of us, watching the spectacle in silence.

One of the seventy-five Death Knights. Behind it was the tomb of Leviathan Lance.

Olivia places her hand on the bony cheek of the Death Knight, who is bleeding with a common corruption.

"That's a lot of yelling."

The corners of Olivia's mouth twitched upward in an eerie way, and we watched in disbelief.

Deathknight, which is just a shell anyway, is not a Leviathan.

It's just that it was once a Leveraged Rancher.

Nearly immortal, he was killed by the magic sword Tiamata, which I stabbed into him.

He was brought back from the dead by the magic sword Tiamata, now in the hands of his daughter.

Olivia watched with a sickening grin as a pallid tear-like smoke drifted from the Death Knight's gaping eye sockets.



* * *



When she said she needed to replenish her Death Knight, Olivia must have been thinking of resurrecting Leviathan.

The rising Deathknights smoked out the Reconciliation Blade, and we exited the Tomb of the Saints.

"Is this....... done?"

"I suppose we could go to Als's place of worship, but I don't think it would mean much, just a bunch of old bones."

Olivia shook her head at Kono Lint's question, as if she didn't need to work extra just to get a Death Knight or two.

We're done with the ecliptic.

"......Can I go now?"

"What do you want me to do, take you to the Allied positions?"

"No, I can walk back by myself."

I got mixed up with the wrong guy, and now I'm being forced to help him do something I'll never do in my life.

But Kono Lint left us with bigger questions than the gruesome process of making Death Knight.

Suspicion that the Empire itself might be doing this, or worse.

It would have been impossible to tell what was what.

"Just in case, don't bother trying to figure out how this works."

"......."

Apparently, Kono Lindt had no answer to my question.

"Even if your abilities are optimized for infiltration, it's not worth the risk, and there's nothing you can do about it."

"......I guess so."

This is the kind of thing you're not supposed to know about.

If he tries to figure out what's going on on his own and gets caught by the Empire, something even stranger might happen.

"Anyway, good work."

Without Kono Lint, things would have been a lot more complicated, but it was easy and fast.

I couldn't be happier that I got the job done quickly, cleanly, and without running into any harsh people.

Kono Lint is silent for a moment, then cautiously opens his mouth.

Like you're about to say something you don't know whether or not to say, but you end up saying it anyway.

"The kids in my class are talking about....... do you know?"

"Roughly."

"......."

Those who died in this battle, and Ludwig, who was crippled.

It tells them you're spying on the Allies, but there's no reason to pretend otherwise. You know you're gathering information on the Allies in the first place.

Seeing that sadness, Kono Lint may have felt compelled to use his unholy power to prevent anyone else from dying in this war.

But it's complicated to know if it's right to capitalize on the deaths of people killed in war, and even if it's right for the empire to do it.

You create a Death Knight to prevent someone from dying, but you create a Death Knight out of someone who is already dead.

"All you need to know is ......."

Kono-Lindt didn't mince words about his sadness and grief.

We didn't really talk about it either.

It's just a sad, horrible, cruel thing to talk about.

It's time to go home.

However, Kono Lint doesn't turn away, but looks at me with a grim look on his face as if he's realized something.

"Hey. By the way, you....... I have a feeling you're going to call me whenever you need me in the future like this....... Am I mistaken?"

"Good to know."

"I don't like you, you bastard, I'm with the Allies!"

"Weren't we already in the same boat?"

You're already an accomplice! You can't get out of it!

His complexion is starting to turn white at my insistence.

"Get lost! I won't even look at you when you ask for help from now on, you asshole! I'm not fooled! I'm not fooled anymore!"

-pot!

Kono Lint scowled and teleported away. At his rate, he'd be able to get to the Allied strongholds a long way from here in no time.

If Kono Lint ever loses its humanity, it will be because of me.

"......Will we ever need Lint again?"

Herriot shakes his head.

"Well, that's a mystery. And then you put it there and it obviously falls into the same pattern. Unconditionally."

"Oh, no. I'll still suspect it's Mr. Sarkegar."

Olivia shook her head, as if Kono Lint could be that stupid.

"Well, I assume they'd follow you even if they knew it was Sarkegar?"

"Ah."

"Ah."

He's so despondent, he might follow me later, thinking that if he can be a pretty girl, it's okay.

She's so used to this that she's probably starting to think that maybe it's okay!

Sorry, Lint.

I think I broke you.

"By the way, wouldn't it be a good idea to see what they're doing in the Empire?"

"Yeah, I don't think it's dangerous for us, but I think we should know what we're doing."

Herriot and Olivia have a point.

I told Kono Lindt not to investigate, but our situation is a little different.

I don't need to, and don't intend to, put an anchor on what the Empire does.

But you have to know what you're doing.

"We'll figure that one out later."

Sarkegar and I are here, so do some intelligence gathering and you'll see what I'm talking about.

Right now, tomorrow, the Crusader HQ is going to be in a frenzy.

We're done with the ecliptic.

"Come to think of it, I have an idea......."

Olivia is trying to secure the Death Knight from a tomb in the basement of Crusader HQ. I thought of a possible candidate spot.

"Don't you think there's a graveyard or something like that in Demon Castle?"

That's the Demon King.

Like the imperial palace, the demon castle might have tombs of past heroes and high-ranking demons.

"Why did you send that to us....... Oh, right, you said you don't remember anything."

Herriot's reaction was like, why would the devil ask us that?

"It's worth a look."

"......But Reinhard. You said I was doing something weird, and you ended up thinking the same thing as me."

Right?

If you think about it, Olivia brought both of them back as Death Knights, but I'm a worse asshole, right?

If you're looking to capitalize on something, why not bring back ancient demons as the undead?

Then I had an asshole thought.

Finally, we headed to the demon castle in Darklands.

However, there was no such thing as a tomb of all-time demons in the Demon Castle.

but I don't know if it was already destroyed or if there was never a tomb in the first place.

Fortunately or unfortunately, in the end, we were unable to secure the Death Knight from the Demon Castle.





Episode 558.





We went to the Demon King Castle with some expectations, but we came away empty-handed.

Still, we have seventy-five Death Knights, which Olivia says are superlative.

These Death Knights are much more powerful than the previous ones.

While not the war heroes of the Empire, the heroes of the Crusade who have been elevated to sainthood are by no means inferior.

Upon returning to Edina, we shared our operations with the Senate and others who needed to know.

"The mausoleum is empty?"

"Uh, not all of them are empty. The cemeteries in the Hall of Heroes seemed to be mostly empty."

Charlotte's reaction was unsurprisingly the most alarming.

Charlotte's jaw dropped at the thought of the Empire doing what we were about to do.

"What the hell are you trying to do......?"

"I'll use that force when I think I've reached my limit, but I don't know when that will be."

It's a very powerful army, but one that is bound to have some side effects.

Unless the situation is desperate enough to warrant such a side effect, Bertus will not bring out his army.

It would be nice to not have to deal with such an army until the end.

A cornered mouse will bite a cat, but a cornered humanity will do anything.

Even if it means spitting in the face of conventional ethics and morality.

You have to do something to survive, and this is probably one of those things.



* * *



I thought it would take a few days, but surprisingly it was all done in a day.

This was partly due to circumstances we didn't anticipate, and partly due to the help of Kono Lint.

After catching up, me, Harriet, and Olivia had a late dinner.

Herriot finished his meal quickly and excused himself to go see Lucinil.

Apparently, Herriot was going to spend the rest of the winter learning from Lucinil about her visions of dealing with spirits.

"You should go get some rest, too."

"I'd like to stay with you a little longer, since we don't have to do this often, can't you?"

Olivia shakes her head, "No, no, no.

You can't help but look cute, even if you're pretending to be cute.

Sometimes I think I'll get used to it, and sometimes I can't get used to it at all.

"Well, sure."

"Do you want to go up there? You know, where you hang out."

I thought about going for a walk, but Olivia seemed to have a place she wanted to go.



* * *



Olivia and I climbed the spire with hot tea in our cups.

I often look down on Edina from this spot. Even now, if I don't have anything better to do, I'll spend some time idling. Of course, given the time of year, that's rarely the case.

-Whoosh!

It's winter, and it's high up, so there's a cold wind at the top of the spire.

"Ugh, that's cold."

We're not really affected by the cold, but it was still cold.

Olivia sipped the tea in her cup and shivered.

"It's going to be pretty when it snows, isn't it?"

Olivia says, looking out over the wintry nighttime landscape of Lazak.

"It's just going to make it more crowded, and I don't think they should come."

"Is that so?"

If it snows, the frozen ground will only make life more difficult for people.

Olivia gives me a coy look.

"......."

"No, I'm just curious that you would think of something like that."

"......."

Right.

Instead of thinking about how beautiful the landscape will be when it snows, I think about how people's lives will change when it snows.

At what point did you lose the emotion and start thinking about the practicalities?

I'm not a man fit for a king, and I've actually let go of that job, but I can't change the way I think.

"You were originally an Archdemon, so is that what you think?"

"......?"

"That's weird."

Olivia sits down next to me and leans her head on my shoulder.

"Now that I think about it, you had a lot to hide in your Temple days."

"......I'm sorry."

"I'm not looking for an apology, I'm just saying....... I did."

"......."

It was a time when everything was a lie.

That lie made the situation, the relationship, and the world this way.

"I think you're the real you from your Temple days."

"......."

"So, Reinhard, who has become a demon, is somehow fake."

Olivia looks up at me shyly.

"There's no such thing as a secret, and if anything, you feel fake without it."

"Anything."

"Like you're trying to force it somehow."

"Trying to force yourself into clothes that don't fit, and it looks like you're doing it."

"You're a demon, this is what you're supposed to look like."

"I'm not sure."

"I think you should have just been Reinhardt."

"Bad temper."

"Harsh words."

"Violent."

"When someone asks you for help, you make a face and say you can't help them, but you end up helping everyone."

"I think that Reinhardt is who you are."

"I guess it would have been better to live like that, to stay the way I was and not have anything happen to me."

"Like now."

"You who think only of what hurts, and try to endure it somehow......."

"Sad."

The nature of being a demon.

Olivia seemed to realize that it and I didn't go together at all.

I wore a mask in the temple, and this must be my real self now.

In a way, Olivia is right when she says that everything in the moment of living under a false name must be fake, and everything in the moment of returning to a true name must be real.

But who I am in the temple is who I am, and who I am now is a fake, a forced imitation of who I am.

I can't be a demon or a king.

But I'm forcing myself to do it because I have to.

He said exactly what I usually think.

Everything feels overwhelming as you try to force yourself into clothes that don't fit.

It wasn't without thought, but it's a little more like me in the temple.

"Maybe."

Olivia smirks at my simple answer.

"I sounded like a crazy person today, didn't I?"

"......I think the problem is that you think it's not normal."

"What?"

Olivia's eyes widened.

No, it's not!

You're always a crazy bitch!

If you don't know that, that's even crazier! That's even crazier!

Then again, I'm probably an asshole for suggesting we go to Demon Castle.......

"Chet, you're only mean to me, and you're mean to that kid, and you're mean to Charlotte, and you're mean to Ellen, and you know they're always so nice and forgiving, and you're only mean to me, and you're mean to me. Do you feel sorry for me? Do you want to tell me everything that's been building up? Do you want to tell me?"

"......I did something wrong."

"But you know what?"

Olivia wraps her arms around my waist.

"I don't really hate that stuff, do I?"

"Why, why, why......."

"I think you're actually the most comfortable with me. I actually kind of like it."

I've come to accept that a little roughhousing is just part of being friendly.

"Maybe not actually, but it makes me feel a little better to think about it."

"...... Uh, what do you want me to do with the pros and cons?"

I don't know what to say as I watch his face go from sullen to cheerful to depressed again.

"I'm trying. I don't want you to feel bad."

"......."

Olivia has a lot to be sorry for.

I even try not to feel sorry for myself when I know I should.

Olivia said she would stand by me even if the world abandoned me, and she has.

The world may not have abandoned me, but it didn't change the fact that Olivia was by my side forever.

"Actually, is it a little weird to feel sorry for you after all the times you've saved my life?"

"You saved me, too."

"That's that, and this is this."

Isn't that what you're supposed to say when it's the other way around?

When Olivia found out I was a demon, she used her position and influence to try and save my life, even if it meant pulling a fast one, and apparently it worked.

Of course, there are some things that Olivia did that made me realize I was a demon.

The question of why the devil would kill Leviathan and let himself escape.

Now that that's out of the way, they can't help but trust me more after realizing I'm the devil.

In the case of Ellen and Charlotte, they felt betrayed, while Olivia was the opposite.

"Knowing that I was the reason you didn't get to go to the Miss Temple contest was kind of nice, now that I think about it."

"No, I mean, how do you go to the Miss Temple contest when your life is on the line?"

In the end, we didn't get to see Ellen in the dress, but the circumstances were different in the first place.

If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't be able to save Olivia and Adriana from going to the Miss Temple contest.

"You came to me anyway, that's all that matters."

Olivia hugs my waist harder.

"Now that I think about it, you couldn't have beaten my stepfather back then, Reinhard, you weren't exactly hiding your strength or anything."

"I did."

My people, of course, know that I wasn't hiding some kind of power in the temple.

I was truly incompetent. Most of my power and skill came from the Temple.

Olivia didn't see how I fought.

"How did you win?"

"I used a magic sword."

It was a monster that could survive a storm of flames and lightning and regenerate after its heart was pierced.

If it weren't for Tiamata, there would be no way to kill Revere Lance.

"Well, using that wouldn't have made me a match for you."

That's a valid point.

I shouldn't have been able to beat Leverier Lance. Of course, there was a lot of help, including situational conditions, and I wasn't the only one fighting.

But even with a magic sword in hand, Leviathan Rancher was no match for me.

"Well, whatever."

Blah, blah, blah, blah.

There was nothing else to say.

In the end, I went up against a foe I couldn't match, and I won.

It was reckless, but we did it anyway.

I risked my life to save Olivia and Adriana. At my words, Olivia sighs heavily.

"You're a weird kid."

"Only my sister would do it."

"Yeah, I'm letting you get away with being so mean to me because you did something to me."

So you're trying, Olivia said, and hugged me harder.

Perhaps the subject of Leviathan shouldn't come up between us; after all, I did kill Olivia's stepfather.

But this is a unique situation.

Olivia couldn't help but hate her stepfather.

He even went so far as to resurrect their bodies with Death Knight.

"No matter how you slice it, my stepdad and you are bad blood, right?"

"That guy has been screwing me over from start to finish. ......"

"Unbelievable?"

Crusader Knight Commander Reverie Ranze.

He was removed from his position as leader of the Crusaders because of the truth I revealed.

Then he tried to play puppet master with Olivia, saying it was a millennium and all, and he died at my hands.

And now he must rise as Death Knight and fight for us.

I wonder if there is such a thing as bad blood.

This is the kind of thing I wouldn't say if Leviathan came back from the dead and held a knife to my throat.

I don't care what he's done wrong, he's not just taking advantage of a man's life, he's taking advantage of his death.

"But what's ridiculous is that all of this wouldn't have happened if I hadn't touched her."

"I guess so?"

Olivia's bad blood with Levereer Ranché is all thanks to her.

Twice to save Olivia.

Once due to Olivia's request.

It's a funny and eerie coincidence.

Obviously, Levereer Lance was not a good father, and if he had been, he wouldn't have died at my hands in the first place, and I wouldn't have turned Olivia into Deathknight.

Olivia was forced to be a good girl, forced to live up to expectations.

He lived a life where it was normal to sacrifice yourself for others.

Of course, Olivia is not that person anymore.

What was once called the Saint of Eredian ended up being a twisted and tangled mess of events.

I became selfish, abrasive, abusive, and even asked to do horrible things with impunity.

"My dad wanted something called the Millennial Empire. You know?"

"Yes, because they were going to make the Crusader Knights an entirely independent faction."

"I didn't want to do that shit, I hated it. Why would you make me do that when you're God and Nabal and I don't even care?"

Olivia stares out over the landscape of Razak.

"Funny thing is, now that my father is dead and the world is falling apart, I've become the head of something called the Divine Cult, which combines the ideas of the five great gods and demonology."

"......."

"It's funny to me sometimes that I'm doing something I didn't want to do, something my father tried to force me to do, something I refused to do, and now I'm doing it of my own volition."

"You don't want to?"

"I don't know if I hate it, but it's not very good, is it?"

Olivia looks at me.

"It's like you're playing the devil."

You don't like it, but you have to do it.

It's not forced.

Neither Olivia nor I really want to do it, but we do it because we have to.

You're just trying to force yourself into clothes that don't fit.

"I wonder if we'll end up going to war with the Empire, and we'll end up becoming the masters of the Five Great Houses, either by destroying them or by absorbing them. I wonder about that sometimes."

It won't be called the Millennial Empire.

But what Revere Lance wanted Olivia to do.

Somehow, Olivia was getting closer and closer to it.

Is it really possible to plant a new faith in this land?

Olivia Ranze, who rules them all.

It's not as if Olivia doesn't have the potential to be the first superstar of that world.

"How happy would my father be if he were alive to see this?"

Olivia says.

It was a terrible joke, told in a tone of voice that didn't have the slightest hint of sincerity.

"Stop talking crazy......."

"Why, aren't you like the stereotypical kid who doesn't understand his parents and doesn't listen to them when they're alive and only comes to his senses after they're dead?"

"So please stop......."

I don't know about anything else, but you're never a filial sister!

Just because Leviathan Lance was a trashy stepfather doesn't mean you're a filial piety! If anything, you're worse now!

"Whatever."

Olivia puts her arm around me.

"It's windy."

The wind was as cold as the horse.

December.

Now, it's going to get colder.



* * *



No amount of power is ever enough.

But with the first round of reinforcements complete, we began to hunker down for the next Allied advance.

Olivia seemed to be working with the priests and paladins of the Holy Order on ways to enhance the Death Knights already created, or to permanently undead the monsters.

Charlotte was still serving as regent and attending to Edina's affairs, while Harriet was doing her usual magical research, sometimes alone and sometimes with Lucinil.

And I didn't really have anything to do in Edina anymore, except for image training with iris.

Charlotte already knew more about Edina than I did, so she was already my perfect backward compatibility, and I became a nuisance.

So I arrived at the Allied garrison to do the next thing I needed to do.

-Angel

Black cat.

What changed and how.

What's going on.

I'm going to check it out with my own eyes.





Episode 559.





You could stay a kitten forever, but that would be unnatural.

I don't want the onlookers to wonder, "Why isn't this kid growing up?

So over time, it was growing a little bit each time it appeared.

"You're alive, boy."

I also recognized the guards guarding the Royal Class garrison.

"I don't know where you've been sneaking around and following me."

Definitely.

We can't do this until the war is over.

Despite what the guards say, this army is not in a fixed location, and there are constant battles in which many soldiers die.

But a cat that survives and reappears is actually pretty suspicious.

It's been a while since the end of the Occupation of Serandia.

Not surprisingly, the mood in the Royal Class garrison was much dampened.

Three people were killed in the last battle, and the Royal Class has a big hole to fill, especially in low numbers.

Delfin Izadra.

He was a good, nice guy, just like Ludwig was.

According to Sarkegar's report, Scarlett and Ludwig were in trouble and he died trying to save them, putting himself in danger.

While any death would be unfortunate, Delphine's death was bound to be pretty devastating.

Arguably, it's the death of the most characterized character in the original.

Elementalism is a very powerful force, and yet it's sobering to realize that you can lose your life in an instant, and no one is exempt from that.

Even if I saw in a preview a future where I would be killed after a fight with Ellen. If I let go and wait for death in the next battle, I will die.

Changing the future is easy.

It's just hard to change it to the future you want.

I'll have to check on Ellen, but for now, I'm going to wander around the Royal Class garrison.

The first classmate I met in the garrison was Klippmann.

"......."

Even in royal class, there are those who are cat-crazy and those who are not.

Ludwig, Klippmann, and Ledina were not interested at all. Or, to be more precise, they looked away.

I just don't have the heart or the time to give a damn about the little beast.

But now Cliffman was staring down at the cat he'd been ignoring.

"......was alive."

Then he leaned down and patted my head once.

Somehow, I realized there was a lot of meaning in that relieved gesture.

He then walked away without another word.

More important people should have survived, not these little beasts, but they didn't seem to think so.



* * *



When I'm in cat form, I tend to be a doublethinker.

It's a cat, not me.

So when someone pets me, I think they're petting the cat, not me.

If I don't think that way, I can't stand the idea of people, young and old, touching me.

I'm borrowing the cat look, but I like to think it's the cat that's cute, not me.

Of course.

Doublethink, as usual, is just platitudes.

Just something....... If I don't at least think about it, I'm going to lose my mind with self-pity.

According to Conor Lindt, I am a pervert.

It's the worst kind of pervert, the kind that turns into a beast.

Of course, it's not just the guys who were my classmates in the Royal Class Garrison.

There were seniors and juniors. They were happy to see me (the cat) after a long absence, even if the mood was somber.

Honestly, the worst part of being a cat is not being petted or having someone touch your paw constantly.

"You're hungry, eat this."

-.......

It keeps trying to feed me something.

I'm not actually a beast!

I don't want to heat up milk or anything!

Do you guys know the humiliation of putting your head down on a plate and eating something?

Real cats don't think about that stuff, but I do!

"Aren't you hungry?"

-Angel

I don't know if it's a new thing, but there are some guys in the restaurant tents who give you what they've been eating.

Painful.

I actually ate it with my eyes closed a few times, lest I be labeled as having an advanced taste in wildlife.

It's hard being a beast and having to do beastly things.

In a generally subdued mood, I wandered around the Royal Class garrison.

-She said?

-You never know when you're going to need it, so keep it charged up as much as possible. It's not even half full yet.

-We're going to be here until winter is over anyway, so what's the rush?

In the distance, I could see Redina and Kaier arguing.

What's different about what we've seen so far is that things seem to be reversed somehow.

I'd seen Redina snapping at Kaiir all the time over the arc crystal charging issue, and I knew they had a very bad relationship.

-It's not like we don't have monsters, and you're the one who told me to keep them charged because you never know when you'll need them.

-No, I mean, how many times do you tell me I'm wrong? Come on, really....... You're telling me I did everything wrong.......

-How many times have I told you that you're not doing anything wrong to me. Why don't you get it?

-I know....... I know, but there's no need to be so urgent. You don't understand what I'm saying.

But for now, it was a weird situation where Kai was doing his own thing and Redina was stopping him.

-I'm doing it because I can, I'm not always pushing myself, leave me alone.

-A.......

Eventually, a red-eyed Redina cried, and Kaier left her alone and walked off somewhere.

"That asshole is doing it again."

A sound next to me made me turn my head, and there was Kono Lint, arms crossed, tongue in cheek.

He looked down at me and lifted it up.

"Where have you been hiding and now you show up?"

...... You're not talking to Reinhardt, are you?

He didn't realize I was turning into a beast, did he?

Even if I did, I honestly don't think it would make much difference.

The only way to find out is for Reinhard the Pervert to become Reinhard the Crazy Pervert.

Kono Lint glares at me.

Like you're thinking about something.

He's an idiot.

You're an idiot.

"To ......."

After saying something unintelligible, he put me back down.

After walking away for a while, he looks back at me.

-Angel

Let's just shake our heads.

-...... to this.

He did it one more time and then walked away.

When I try to see it and it's not there, I'm an idiot.



* * *



Of course, I've always been interested in cats, but not as much as I used to be.

Some of us are relieved that these little beasts are still alive, but in the end, we can't help but think about the ones that are gone.

Barracks and mess halls aren't the only things you'll find in a Royal Class garrison, of course.

-Ka-ching!

"Can we try ...... one more time?"

"It's ......."

I'm watching Ludwig pick up his fallen sword in the open-air training grounds of the Royal Class Garrison.

His opponent was Scarlett.

Ludwig smiles sheepishly and grips his sword with his left arm.

"Sorry, I'm not used to it."

"......."

Ludwig was practicing his left-handed sword.

I didn't think he'd give up easily, but he's trying to make a breakthrough with only his left arm.

Scarlett looks at Ludwig as if she's going to cry.

"Ludwig, I can always help you more, I can always do more, but......."

"Even if you only have one arm, you can still enchant."

Ludwig was not wrong. Even in his current state, Ludwig would still have a level of combat prowess that no ordinary soldier could match. A superhuman is a superhuman, even if he's missing an arm.

But thanks to Moonshine, Delphine had also been elevated to superhuman status.

Such a delphin is dead.

In a battlefield and fight where everyone is dying, Ludwig would have a high probability of dying if he went into battle in that condition.

It's suicidal.

"Ludwig, I will fight to the death for Ludwig. Because of me....... Because of me, Ludwig, Delphine......."

"No, no."

Scarlett started to cry, but Ludwig shook his head firmly.

"No, it's not your fault."

"......."

"It's my fault, it's all my fault for being weak."

That's a strange thing to say.

If Delphine's death wasn't Scarlett's fault, it shouldn't be Ludwig's either.

But Ludwig blames himself for everything.

Pathological levels of self-loathing.

I wonder if Ludwig has come to suffer from that too.

"I'm sorry, I know this is a lot to ask of Scarlett, I didn't think of that. I'm sorry......."

"Oh, no, that's fine."

"I'll do it alone, it's not a fight that requires sword skills anyway, and killing monsters doesn't require skill."

You said being able to hold a weapon with your left hand is important, not skill.

Convinced that it was selfish of him to ask Scarlett, to whom he is indebted, to watch his swordsmanship, Ludwig begins to enchant himself, holding the sword in his left hand.

Scarlett offers to help, but Ludwig declines, saying he thinks Scarlett would be better off with personal training.

Scarlett finally left the theater with a tear in the corner of her eye.

Responsibilities.

Guilt.

The relationship between sharing something like that was sad and unfortunate from afar.

Ludwig wasn't the only one on the stage.

There were many other seniors and juniors who were also engaged in dueling, training to strengthen their powers, and so on.

I look at Ludwig as I sit in the corner of the room.

"Suck!"

-Woof!

Train with weighted strikes, including kicks as well as swords in the left hand.

It's superhuman training, so the scarecrows aren't just any scarecrows, they're special scarecrows built to withstand powerful blows and physical force.

-Puff! Thump!

"Poof!"

-Hair!

Ludwig, however, is unable to keep his balance and falls when he tries to kick, and is struck in the head by a ricocheted sword as he swings.

Ludwig was right-handed.

But in the end, a sword is more likely to be used with both hands, especially when fighting monsters.

I lost my dominant hand, and two-handed swordplay became impossible.

Losing an arm is not math.

So it's not that half the combat power is gone, it's that most of it is gone.

I watched as Ludwig, who had virtually lost everything, tried to make do with his left hand, with what was left of it.

-Thump!

There's a loud bang, and it's not just the scarecrow that Ludwig hits.

But the other seniors were all looking at Ludwig with a bit of annoyance.

Perhaps it was the eeriness of the sight of Ludwig, crippled and wounded, sweating profusely, yet still able to do so.

Ludwig is basically sincere.

I knew that from the beginning of my enrollment.

However, I wonder if you can call it sincerity to lose an arm and still beat a scarecrow to fight more.

That's not sincerity, that's insanity.

Ludwig was superhuman and beyond the category of ordinary human.

But in the end, it's a cart missing a wheel.

-Thump!

"Boom!"

I couldn't even get my balance right and would fall over, and of course my sword was terrible.

While someone's desperate efforts can be admirable to watch, Ludwig's were merely hopeless.

It's just trying to do something it can't do.

You'll be able to fight even if you don't have arms, and if you don't have legs, you'll be able to fight with prosthetic limbs.

But when it's not humans you're up against, but monsters, you'll inevitably die if you're missing something in your arsenal, even if you're fighting at full strength.

If Ludwig was a wizard, he might have been a psychic.

But when you're fighting one-armed, you're just trying to find a place to die.

So seniors, juniors, classmates.

Seeing Ludwig like that, I couldn't help but get a little nervous.

Right now, the Allies are raising the dead as Death Knights. But that doesn't mean you have to fight Ludwig.

That's just an obsession.

Obsession with doing one more thing.

It's just, it's anchored in evil.

Ludwig didn't scream in pain or throw his sword away.

I didn't fall to my knees and scream about why things weren't working, or say things that made me hate the world.

-Thump!

-Puck!

-Ka-ching!

He loses his balance, falls over, picks up weapons that have been knocked away, and relentlessly beats on the scarecrow despite not even being able to properly power up his attacks.

Just as there is no shaking, no despair, no pain.

You're just beating a scarecrow to a pulp.

Never giving up is a characteristic of Ludwig, and it's a setting I've given him.

But I couldn't help but feel eerie about Ludwig's refusal to give up, even when he should have.

At this point, you should give up.

You will die in the next battle.

Ludwig thought the world was supposed to give him what he wanted, but the world took his arm.

Ludwig is no longer the main character.

So I should give up now because there will be no next time, but I don't.

I'd rather see Ludwig give up and go back to the back of the story.

I hope you're not running for your life.

But nothing seemed to stop Ludwig.

There seemed to be nothing I could do to stop that insane obsession, that need to do something.

As humans, there are times when we have to give up.

I realize with my own eyes how dehumanizing Ludwig's characteristic of not giving up was.

There was nothing sublime about Ludwig.

It's ugly and hopeless.

The sun was starting to set as the exhausted seniors were slowly leaving.

"Ludwig."

Someone who was still on the stage approached Ludwig, who was drenched in sweat, even in this cold weather.

"......Yes."

"I don't know what day it is, but that's enough."

"......?"

"You can't fight more."

It was Klippmann with a serious look on his face.

He came to me because he couldn't stand to see me in this mess anymore.

"Go back to the ecliptic, you've got your majors, you're good enough."

Ludwig shakes his head at Klippmann's words.

"No, I can do more."

"No. I can't."

Klippmann stands before Ludwig with his sword in its scabbard.

"If you don't know why not, I'll tell you now."

As if to dare him, Klippmann positions himself as Ludwig is enveloped in blue magic.

Ludwig looks only at Cliff and nods.

"You want to duel ......? Then you'll have to enchant......."

"You don't need to use it."

Cliffman has no weapons.

"I don't need that much to deal with one asshole."

"......."

Rather than watch Ludwig run to his certain death, Klippmann seems to want him to wake up and get off this battlefield.





Episode 560.





Ludwig wasn't angry or outraged by Klippmann's call of an asshole. He wasn't that kind of guy in the first place.

But we stuck to our guns.

-Puck!

-Thump!

-Bam!

It was painful to watch.

Klippmann played Ludwig without any real enchantments.

Ludwig had blue magic all over him, but he couldn't even touch Klippmann.

Without an arm, Ludwig's superhuman agility and strength were hindered.

First of all, I couldn't even run properly. I was off-balance, and my runs were clumsy.

Without a weapon, Klippmann used Ludwig's strength against him, knocking him down, pinning him down, and stomping on his legs.

Ludwig's unoccupied right side.

Attack only weaknesses.

Without even an enchantment, Klippmann literally toyed with Ludwig.

Ludwig's left-handed sword was untouchable by Klippmann's.

Rather, as if the sword itself were Ludwig's penalty, Klippmann used the trajectory of Ludwig's sword to catch, kick, and subdue Ludwig.

It's almost as if using a weapon is a weakness.

"You were always strong, but....... I think you've gotten stronger, Cliffman."

Ludwig rose to his feet, propping himself up with his left arm, and smiled weakly. Klippmann was neither laughing nor angry.

"You know it's not."

"......."

"You're weak, badly."

Ludwig had no answer to Klippmann's point.

If Ludwig had been in his original state, he wouldn't have been able to overpower Kliffman like this, not even with a magical enhancement.

"There are people who train with just their left hand, just their right hand, and become masters of their weapons that way. It's not like there weren't one-armed swordsmen, and I'm sure there were some in the master class."

Kliffman says.

"But you've got two months at most, three months at most, and there's no way you're going to get there in that time. It's not going to happen."

You have to adapt to a different body, a different fight.

If Ludwig keeps this up for another 20 years, it could be a master class in one-handed monster slaughter.

But we're running out of time.

To think that in two months we'll be able to fight as we are is neither arrogance nor conceit, it's just the delusion of an overly optimistic fool.

"I have to do something. I can't give up like this. Even if I die, if I can save at least one person from dying because of me......."

"I thought you said Delphine wouldn't have died without you, didn't you?"

"......."

Ludwig's eyes widened at Klippmann's rant.

It's amazing how Cliff, a man who can't deal with people, can say such harsh things.

Too many deaths changed everyone.

And Cliff was no exception.

"Would it be rude if I told you that you overreached to save Scarlett, and that's why Delphine died trying to save your overreaching self?"

"No offense, it's true."

Ludwig nodded meekly at Klippmann's rant.

Ludwig himself is probably the one who thinks the most about what Klippmann said.

That's why I was kicking myself.

Ludwig was not outraged by Klippmann's words.

Nod your head in agreement.

"That's right, I killed Delphine, it's all my fault, my weakness......."

"If you know it's wrong, don't make it worse."

"Yeah. So I need to find something I can do with this body......."

"That's more wrong."

Cliffman shakes his head.

"If you die trying to do something, you're going to think that at least you tried, so there's no shame in that?"

"Don't you think about how the people left behind feel?"

"You know what it's like to be left behind, and how do you think it's going to make other people feel if you die fighting over a topic like this?"

"Ludwig. You seem to be thinking of beating the scarecrow until this winter is over, but don't."

"The best thing you can do is get back to the ecliptic."

"Stop acting like you're going to die right now. Go back to where there's no fighting."

It's not that I don't understand Cliff's feelings when he says this to Ludwig.

Doing nothing is helping.

If you die, you're just making everyone else suffer more.

"You're caring, you're nice, you don't say mean things to people, you know?"

As if he knows what Ludwig is thinking, Klippmann walks over, puts his hand on Ludwig's shoulder, and looks him in the eye.

Consideration.

Goodness.

"Now you have to consider us."

"......."

"You're having a very bad effect on the entire Royal Class garrison."

An obsession with fighting that borders on insanity.

The one-armed man, gritting his teeth, stumbling, falling, and still trying to get up and do something.

They don't see human greatness in it.

You're looking at a one-armed man flailing in despair.

People look at Ludwig now and despair.

"You're not looking out for us, you're not looking out for the people. You're looking out for us by going back to the ecliptic. You're looking out for us by staying alive. You're looking out for us by staying alive. That you're safe, that you're in a safe place. Go back."

Real caring.

It probably never occurred to Ludwig that he was being a nuisance to people.

I didn't realize how much I was ruining the mood and making people feel like they were about to die.

Ludwig doesn't give up.

But Ludwig is basically a good guy and tries to be considerate.

You shouldn't be here.

That's caring.

So give up.

"......."

Ludwig couldn't deny Klippmann's words.



* * *



Klippmann left, verbally abusing Ludwig.

Ludwig was the only one in the dimly lit hall.

Like Klippmann's words, Ludwig's actions had a dark shadow of death about them.

Ludwig's mortality was literally palpable, so aside from feeling sorry for him, people couldn't help but think that he was going to die soon.

It's to everyone's detriment.

If his work only affected himself, Ludwig would be stubborn.

But Ludwig realized that his stubbornness was hurting others, too, thanks to Klippmann's words.

Ludwig stood there for a moment, saying nothing, then hung his sword in the armory and left the theater.

It was unknown whether Ludwig would break his stubbornness and meekly return to the ecliptic, or whether he would fight on nonetheless.

But it was clear that he was thinking about how his actions would be perceived by others as he rushed to his death, and how those left behind would feel if he actually died.



* * *



After watching Ludwig, I continued to wander around the Royal Class garrison.

"Ah, there you are."

When Adriana saw me, she squatted down and stroked my hair.

"I'm glad you're okay."

Adriana smiled slightly, but there was a deep sadness beneath her smile.

The death of Ard de Gritis.

Ard and Adriana's relationship was a strange one, one in which they were friends and not friends, but whether they were friends or not, the fact remained that they were comrades in arms on the battlefield.

It's only natural that Adriana would mourn his death.

Ard bumped into me at first, but after we apologized, there was no grudge left.

I even thought he was a good guy after all.

Adriana petted me a few times and then headed off somewhere.

Of course, just because someone is dead and gone doesn't mean you have to cry every day.

It's impossible to be upset and sad every minute of every day. You'll still be able to laugh, you'll still be able to have fun, you'll still be able to talk, you'll still be able to sing.

But even if you don't cry every day, the shade builds up.

I saw the indelible shade of sadness creeping into everyone's complexion, and it was thick on Adriana's.



* * *



Ellen wasn't in the garrison in the first place, and when I went into her barracks, I couldn't find her. Somehow, I'd been killing all day and she wasn't there.

I'm curious about Ellen's condition, but I'm here to gather information and get the full picture of the Royal Class garrison.

So, seeing that Ellen's barracks was empty, I continued to wander around.

For now, the most important thing is the context of the Empire's reanimation of the dead.

First, what happened to the bodies in the imperial mausoleum.

And what happened to the switched bodies in the national cemetery.

And what happens to the bodies of the fallen.

If you're actually doing something like that, or experimenting, is it because there's a secret room somewhere in the Allied garrison where you're doing it.

I'm making some educated guesses, but I don't have any visual confirmation.

In the case of the Titan, which Adelia and the Archduke were developing, we already had information. We don't know the details of the technology or methods, but the fact that they were building a giant weapon was not top secret.

Rather, it would have been a secret that such a weapon was in the works and would have been a huge morale booster once completed.

Indeed, many soldiers who saw the Titan's majesty must have felt that there was hope for the war as they watched the behemoth crush their enemies.

But reanimating a corpse is supposed to be top secret, so neither Sarkega nor I had any information about it.

The scary thing is.

The dead of the Royal Class, I wonder if they too will be resurrected as Death Knights.

In the case of Ard and Delphine, the bodies were never found.

In the case of first-year Kadina Ein, there was a body.

We don't know what the funeral arrangements were. However, it may have been stolen and Deathknighted in some way.

What happens when a dead friend realizes they've become a Death Knight.

And one more scary guess.

Turning someone undead is likely to involve black magic, unless you're using Kieran's powers.

B-6, Anna De Guerna.

A guy who has a talent for black magic and actually raises dead monsters to fight on the battlefield.

I saw that his tent was empty.

The time is night.

It was late at night and he hadn't returned.



* * *



At this point, we're not sure if Anna is actually involved in that work or not.

But it doesn't matter how talented you are, if you're working on such an important and secretive project with a wizard who's only 20 years old.

The Magical Research Society, creators of the Power Cartridge and Moonshine.

Anna's ability to do this has already been confirmed, as she helped Christina create Moonshine.

And in the first place, it's hard to call twenty-year-olds children, even if Adelia's knowledge of the Archduke and the Duchy of Saint-Thuan was crucial to the creation of the Titans.

Temple sophomores are special even within the Royal Class because of this.

An internal club of sophomores, albeit with one junior, had already created two history-making artifacts in their time as students.

I even made a Titan out of it.

There are demons, and even warriors.

Second-year Royal Class graduates are now treated as a very special breed in the Temple's long history.

So the likelihood that Anna de Guerna, with her black magic talents, is involved in some covert project the Empire is working on right now....... should be considered high.

I got KonoLint to cooperate with me in creating Deathknight by saying I had no choice.

There's nothing stopping the empire from making that offer to Anna.

They may even ask Anna to resurrect the bodies of the dead because they have no other choice. Anna isn't even the only warlock available, as the Temple has a warlock curriculum and warlocks.

I look at Anna's tent, which is empty.

Where did it go.

Is it coming back?

Anna's tent was open, so I went in and looked around, but of course, there was nothing there to really inform me.

-Apple

I also misplaced the catnip scent in the tent and got stunned for about 30 minutes.



* * *



Sickness.

Anna's tent was a minefield in a different sense for me.

I'm clearly gifted with poison resistance, so why doesn't it work on catnip?

Narrowly escaping the catnip leaves, he escaped Anna's tent.

If it's late at night and she hasn't come back, I wonder if she's going to spend the night in a lab or something.

As I stagger out of Anna's tent, I hear the distant clink of armor.

-Well done, warrior.

-...... four.

In the distance, Ellen was returning to the Royal Class garrison.

Apparently, he'd been on a mission all night.

-Angel

"ah......."

Ellen's steps quickened a little as she heard a distant cry.

Ellen looked at me in front of Anna's barracks and remembered something she'd forgotten.

He's been busy as hell, and judging by the amount of work he's had to do even now that the Serandia neighborhood has quieted down, he's not going to have time to care or think about anything.

As she approached in her armor, Ellen squatted down to touch me and flinched.

Ellen looks at her gloves.

There was a gross, dried bloodstain.

I wonder if they've been slaying monsters.

-sigh

He carefully removes his gloves and gently tickles the tip of my nose.

I don't really care if I don't take it off, but he seemed worried that it would affect me.

The gloves come off, revealing Ellen's still slender, white hands.

He touched the tip of my nose with his hand a few times.

"Goodbye......."

Ellen started to speak, but her mouth fell open.

I wonder if they think that saying goodbye is a word that doesn't fit the reality of this place.

I could tell that Ellen was in so much pain that she had to choose what she said to the animals.

"You've grown a lot."

-Angel

Ellen pats me a few times, then looks toward her tent.

"It must be cold. Let's go inside."

-Angel

White steam was coming out of Ellen's mouth. There was no denying it was cold.

Ellen led the way, and I followed.

I wasn't going to look up information about Anna today anyway.

Like everyone else, there was an indelible shade on Ellen's face.

What's going on with the spirits?

The more she was pushed, the harder it would be for Ellen to endure.

At least there wouldn't be any major fights this winter, so there would be relatively fewer deaths.

Once inside the tent, Ellen removed her armor and headed for the bathroom.

No, instead of walking away, he looks back in my direction.

"wash......."

-Hello!

"......You still don't like it."

Ellen headed for the bathroom alone, not wanting to be pushed.

According to doublethink, I'm not Reinhardt, I'm a cat, so I don't mind going in with him!

If it's not, it's not!

In the bright light of the tent, it was clear that whatever monster they had captured had left a trail of gory blood on Ellen's gloves and armor.

No, you weren't up against a single monster, you were up against a group of monsters.

Even as the garrison held its breath, people like Ellen and Saviolin Tana would have no time to rest.

I sat on the cot and waited for Ellen to come out of the wash.

By the way.

I always feel this way whenever I see something like this.......

Let's say everything works out later.

I don't know if we should call it reconciliation or whatever.

Anyway, let's say you're done.

If Ellen then realizes that this cat is me.

Isn't this just killing itself?

Honestly, I don't think I have anything to say about that.

This is the perversion of perversions, right?

I thought about it and ended up laughing.

I don't know what's going to happen, and I'm worried about getting caught.

I don't mind being caught doing this a million times if it all works out.

I was yawning like a cat in the middle of all this, when Ellen came back.

Ellen had changed into comfortable clothes and was wearing slippers.

The only time Ellen will ever be comfortable is when she's back in this barracks.

Normally, I'd be wrapped up in all that fancy armor.

It's frustrating.

No, it's not the armor that's stuffy, it's something else.

Ellen sat down on the cot for a moment, then pulled me onto her lap.

Then he starts scratching his back.

It smells good.

I don't know if it's more because I'm a cat, but.......

Uh.......

It's kinda weird, but it's a good, kinda weird feeling.......

It's a real death penalty if you get caught with this......?

Even in casual clothes, the unknown amulet around Ellen's neck continued to dangle.

I wonder if that amulet is protecting Ellen.

Or is she just holding on because she's strong, because she's special.

I don't know.

But Ellen is still here.

Sitting me on her lap, Ellen looks down at me.

"I'd forgotten about that."

-Angel

I wonder if they've completely forgotten that they used to keep these cats in their barracks and pet them.

It's not that I forgot, it's just that I didn't have time to think about it.

It's too much to worry about, and she'll have a lot of work to do after this battle is over.

So when she saw me in my cat form, Ellen looked like she had just realized something she had long forgotten.

Ellen puts me on her lap, and this time she scoops me up and looks me in the eye.

Ellen shakes her head.

"Should I feel sorry for you?"

-Angel

"I feel weird."

-Angel

"If you think I'm glad you're okay....... I don't think you should."

There were battles in which too many men died to rejoice in the survival of a single cat, and there were casualties even in the royal class.

How much pressure and responsibility is Ellen feeling?

"I think there are some people in the world....... who shouldn't have been born."

Ellen picks me up and holds me still.

"I think there are some people who would have been lucky not to be born."

I can't believe you're even thinking about that.

We blame ourselves for all of this, and we wish it had never happened. We wish we never existed in the first place.

So did Ellen and so did I.

We end up thinking the same thing.

"If I were as small as you....... if I were as small as you."

Because it has such a huge impact on the world that it's a terrible, terrible thing.

Still, it had to be fixed.

Ellen seemed to come to admire the insignificance.

If you were insignificant, you couldn't have had more than an insignificant impact, so you think you wouldn't have caused this.

"If I were a nobody....... would have been nice."

Ellen's words.

"Then....... would have been nice."

It sounded awfully sad.





Episode 561.





For a moment in her sleep, Ellen seemed carefree. She didn't seem troubled or worried.

But even that was short-lived, as I began to break out in a cold sweat.

It will give you nightmares.

I would be intentionally nightmares by Airi, but Ellen would be unintentionally nightmares.

Whether it's the spirits trying to consume you, or the countless deaths you've seen, or the guilt you feel.

"ugh......."

I pitied the sweat that broke out on Ellen's forehead, but I wasn't Airi.

I couldn't do anything but curl up a little closer to Ellen, who was having a nightmare.

To my surprise, just by doing so, Ellen snuggled up to me in her sleep and soon began to breathe evenly.

Is this animal therapy....... What is that......?

Of course, some.......

The.

It's too close.

Well.......

Uh.

Yes, it did.



* * *



The next day.

Blurry-eyed, Ellen sat up.

"......."

-Angel

Ellen looks down at me.

It's an eerie sight, but I've gotten used to it.

The eyes were empty. It looked like something had taken over its consciousness, and it moved more like a machine than a person.

Ellen looks at me lazily for about three seconds, then looks away and stands up. Something other than Ellen is moving her body.

It's not that the conversation isn't happening.

I know he actually goes on missions like that and always comes back in one piece.

Bleary-eyed, Ellen went into the bathroom, washed up, and came out, ready to put on her inner armor and activate the armor cradle.

-Crack! Crack!

The seams of the armor connect on their own, and Ellen is dressed in a gorgeous warrior's armor.

The Cloak of the Sun and the Sword of the Moon were summoned to his shoulders and waist.

Ellen left the tent without looking back at me.

This happens over and over again, and eventually, when Ellen's consciousness lasts less and less time, she disappears.

I can't do anything.

Forcing the spirits out of Ellen's body is not something I can do.

Lucinyl is the only one who can do that right now. Not only that, but all the other Lord Vampires must be present.

And Lucinil and the other Lord Vampires of the Senate will not perform the ritual, no matter how much I ask them to. Antirrhinus, in particular, will refuse or sabotage it.

Even if you can pull it off, someone has to deal with that huge collection of spirits.

It doesn't matter if you enter the body of someone who hates you or someone who loves you.

It doesn't change the fact that Ellen is the only one in the world who can handle it.

At some point, you're going to have to risk it all and do something at the end of the day.

Hoping to save Ellen then.

I watched the back of something that looked like Ellen leave the barracks without a single word of greeting.



* * *



Ellen left the Royal Class garrison first thing in the morning.

In that state, Ellen is a machine, but she's not harming anyone or causing damage. Most people don't even realize that anything has changed.

In the first place, Ellen is soft-spoken and does what she's told, so unless you know her well, you don't know what's wrong.

I don't know if it's Ellen I'll have to fight one day, or something that's taken over her body.

In the previewed future, I lose to Ellen, and she commits suicide over my corpse.

We don't know if she's really Ellen or if the demons have taken over her body.

I've been practicing image training so that I don't lose when that moment comes, but I keep losing.

If you can win once in real life for the price of dying a million times in your dreams, that's good enough, but you never know until it happens.

No matter who's in control of Ellen's body right now, she's doing what needs to be done, and I'm no different.

I saw that Ellen's condition was slowly deteriorating, though not to the point of being critical.

I headed back to Anna's tent, but it was still empty.

I could tell right away if he hadn't returned or if he'd slipped in late and left early in the morning.

The inside of the tent was no different than what we saw yesterday.

Anna didn't come back yesterday.

The nature of magical research and experimentation often requires all-nighters, and professional researchers even sleep in their labs.

And just like yesterday, the Royal Class students who see me talk about cats and don't realize that I'm wondering where Anna is.

And, I hate to say this, but it's weird on Ellen's part to say things like this, like she's talking to me.

When they saw me, they didn't say anything, they just petted me or talked amongst themselves.

There are inevitable limitations to gathering information in the form of a beast.

That is, it's impossible to detect.

Since it's impossible to ask questions, I can only gather information from human-to-human conversations.

Goro.

If it was a human, you could just ask her where she went, and it would be solved, but since it's a cat, you have no idea where she's going or what she's doing unless she comes up in people's conversations.

And the problem.

"When is this guy back again?"

"He's grown up, too."

-Angel

People come up to me and talk about their cats, but they don't talk about anything I'm curious about.

Even if you do overhear something, it's frustrating to be hovering around the millennium mark, waiting for the topic of Anna to come up.

Should I just call this a conorint?

He might know where Anna went.

By the way.

I don't even want to tell you that the cat in the Royal Class garrison was actually Reinhardt.

That....... I realize that it doesn't really matter if Kono Lint finds out anymore, because I've technically told him something he shouldn't have known, so what difference does it make if he knows more?

I don't need to hear any more of your weirdo shit here.

You don't even have to reveal that you're a cat, you can just go back to being beautiful as usual....... or something along those lines, just make sure you somehow run into him outside the Royal Class garrison.

You're right, there's only one woman in your life who's going to be like this, and it's either Sarkozy or me, so you know the drill.

However, Cono Lint is a non-combatant in the first place, so his usefulness is always in play.

Because they can move anywhere at a moment's notice, cono lint are actually the hardest to find.

And if you tell them not to find out what's going on, and then call them back, they're just as bad.

No, but he's not really trying to figure this out on his own, is he? He could get himself into a lot of trouble.

It's clear that Anna hasn't returned to the garrison.

But that doesn't tell us if Anna is really involved in this or not.

Sarkeghar is also gathering information, so even if I'm wrong, he might have something.

For now, the limits were clear on my end and I was only in the Royal Class garrison.

Sarkhegar, looking at the entire Allied garrison, might have gotten something different.



* * *



Specified time, scheduled meeting point.

Returning to my human form, I met up with Sarkegar in a secluded spot in the supply depot area of the Allied garrison.

"It's hard to gather information."

"...... also does."

It's not that easy to get information about Titan, but in this case, it's the kind of research or experimentation that should never be publicized.

So it was going to have a different level of security than Titan.

"Basically, wizards have a habit of not wanting to let anyone know what they're working on, so security is tighter than in other places."

"Habit?"

"Yeah, it's kind of like a dog burying a bone."

Sarkozy's quote was funny in this context, too.

Wizards have a pathological aversion to revealing their work to others, which is why they tend to be obsessively security conscious.

If it's more of a habit, it's something you do even if it's research that's not necessarily a secret.

"Also, wizards tend to encrypt the document itself. This is true for collaborative research, and even more so for individual research."

"......What a bunch of tired people."

"We found that each garrison of wizards had a large amount of classified documents, but very few of them could be understood."

"You're saying that the classified documents may have nothing to do with this?"

"Yes, Your Highness."

Wizards' security obsession and encryption is the stumbling block right now.

In the case of Titan, it was a very large project that was extremely difficult to hide. In the first place, each part of Titan was huge, and the transportation itself required a huge amount of manpower.

"What about finding a place where they're doing research or experimenting?"

"As I said, the garrisons of each mage group are often much more tightly guarded than the Royal Class garrisons."

With so many candidates, and most of them hard to get into, it's hard to know where to go. The Alliance is a moving army. Still, even within this garrison, it's a testament to the Wizards' obsession with security that they've organized areas with strict access control.

The Imperial Mages' garrison would be difficult for Sarkega to infiltrate, and even if he could, it would be even more difficult to obtain conclusive evidence.

In other words, Sarkegaard hasn't really figured anything out yet.

"Hmmm....... Well, in this case, it's not much different from Titan, but......."

"If that's really what's going on, you'd need a huge area that would be hard to hide."

It's an experiment on thousands of bodies. While the size of the output may not be comparable to Titan, the scale of the experiment itself should be comparable to the Titan project.

Highly secure experiments.

But an environment with too many eyes on it.

I wonder where the hell the Allies are doing that experiment.

I couldn't figure it out.

If Anna is part of the experiment, you can find out where the research is by simply following her. However, she doesn't stay at the research site or return to the Royal Class garrison.

"I guess we'll just have to keep looking. Keep investigating, but don't do anything too risky. I'll do the same."

"Yes, Your Highness."

Sarkegar nodded, then turned into a black cat and disappeared into the distance.

Something.

Is it really that complicated?

I think you're missing something very simple.

Yeah, it was a weird feeling.





Episode 562.





Wizards are basically smart people.

No, smart is not enough, geniuses become wizards.

I found it funny that the behavior was similar.

He's obsessive about encryption and security because he's afraid his research will be stolen. It's probably because it happens all the time.

Of course, the places where the wizards actually do their experiments and research are heavily secured and numerous, so it would take time to break into every single one of them.

Eventually I returned to the Royal Class garrison, wondering if I really needed to call on Kono Lint.

The best I could do was walk around and see if I could pick something up.

So, like yesterday, I was bound to run into some royalty.

"Huh? You're back, where have you been?"

She's got a bunch of stuff in her arms, and she wants to pet me, but she's stomping her feet because she has too much on her hands.

The core developer of Titan, who is sure to play a bigger role in this war than anyone else, remains fierce.

I'm sure Adelia will be busy this winter maintaining and improving Titan.

Some people, like Adelia, are actually getting busier on these days off.

Adelia has a talent for summoning magic, but she's essentially a non-combatant. She'd be more useful in combat if she could apply her magiccrafting skills.

Adelia eventually exited the Royal Class garrison with her hands full, glaring at me as if she had somewhere else to go.

There's no point in chasing after Adelia, since all she'll be doing for the rest of the year will be Titan-related.

As I walked around the tents, I focused on listening for sounds from inside.

-Ludwig, it's not like there's nothing you can do back in the ecliptic.

From one of the tents came the voice of Mr. Mustang, whom I hadn't heard in a very long time.

I wonder if we're talking.

I sat down near the tent and focused on the voices.

-You've got a lot of experience with monsters, so you could be an instructor at a cadet academy, and you're a pretty good magical enhancer, so you could help teach magical enhancement classes to moonshine drinkers. That's meaningful enough, no. It's very important. You know that.

-Ne.......

Klippmann had some harsh words for Ludwig yesterday, telling him to go to the back. He told him to stop acting like an asshole and spoiling the mood.

But that's probably because you don't want Ludwig to die after all. I told him that if you really cared about people in this situation, you'd be gone from here.

But Mr. Mustang is different.

-You don't have to be in combat and killing monsters to do something meaningful in war. The logisticians, the drill instructors, the recruiters, the people in the ecliptic, their hard work and support is what makes the coalition move the way it does. Who would think what they do isn't important?

-Yes, they're important, of course....... I'm not ignoring them, I'm not saying I don't think they're necessary.......

He seemed to be trying to lull Ludwig with nice words, to convince him that there was a lot they could do in the rear and that their work was no less important than the work on the battlefield.

There's never anything Ludwig can't do.



As Mr. Mustang says, Ludwig has a lot of experience dealing with monsters. Not just in this war, but ever since the Gate debacle, Ludwig has been fighting monsters for nearly three years now.

After all, he's a veteran.

Monsters are unpredictable, but Ludwig has seen that unpredictability over and over again, so he can pass it on to recruits and others unfamiliar with fighting them.

You could be an instructor, teach enchantment, or even work for the Zodiac Guard.

In a vast evacuation zone, it only takes one small monster to kill people.

Ludwig's role in the Allied army, with its hundreds, thousands, and tens of thousands of powerful monsters to face, would be small, but in the rear, Ludwig would be able to trample those lesser monsters to death with his bare hands.

-Go back to the ecliptic, there's a lot you can do there too.

I can't see the expressions on Dr. Mustang's and Ludwig's faces, but I can sense the despair in Ludwig's silence.

The sadness and guilt that comes from not being able to fight anymore, but rather knowing that your presence is demoralizing people.

I couldn't help but think that was harsh.

In the end, Ludwig lost his arm and Delphine died.

But it definitely saved Scarlett's life.

Everyone knows this, but they don't want Ludwig to die, so they try to force him back, even though he now wants to fight more.

I don't know which is correct.

Is it right to let him keep fighting, even if it means risking death?

I don't know if it's fair to treat them like dirt and force them to go backwards.

-Ludwig, there's no need to rush into a decision. The Allies are going to be in Serandia for a long time, and it would be a good idea to return to the ecliptic to clear your head and think things through.

Don't make a decision right away, but take your time.

-......I'll think about it.

Ludwig wants to stay on the battlefield, but no one but himself wants that.



* * *



Kliffman's rant, and Mr. Mustang's persuasion.

I watched from a distance as Ludwig emerged from Mr. Mustang's tent with a calm expression on his face.

What's next for Ludwig?

It might be better if he just left the fight altogether.

He's a reckless fellow, and if we leave him here, he'll be dead in the next fight. I agree with Mr. Mustang that there's something to be said for going back to the rear and staying there as a trainee or recruit or whatever.

Is the original protagonist going out like this?

Leaving Ludwig's desolate backside behind, I wandered around the Royal Class garrison some more.

Ellen is gone, and Anna hasn't returned.

If all else fails, I'll call Kono Lint again, but he's not in the garrison either.

Just like that.

I've been walking around and picking up stories.

-TsudamTsudam

Somehow, after a while, I found myself sitting on Adriana's lap, her hand tickling my chin.

"Want some?"

-Pet.

As Adriana takes a bite of the jerky she's torn into thin strips.......

I wonder if this is just a beast now.......

For some reason, I'm starting to feel more comfortable with this one.......

No, I mean, this whole being cuddly just for being alive thing doesn't make sense, does it?

I honestly don't know who I'm supposed to be saving or what I'm supposed to be majoring in, but I'm treated like a big deal just for walking around, not getting killed, and keeping up with the Allies.

How comfortable do these animals have it? As long as they're cute, of course.

She's got me on her lap, playing with me, as does everyone in the room, but Adriana looks troubled.

It's not a cheerful expression by any means.

Adriana was sitting on a crate near the Royal Class Garrison's training grounds.

Next to the crate was the large hammer and shield that Adriana had been wielding, hanging at an angle.

Adriana, who used to wield a sword, is using a shield and hammer in this battle.

Superhumans have an abnormal amount of strength compared to normal humans, so the weight of the weapon itself shouldn't be an issue.

There are a number of people who have switched their primary weapons from swords to hammers, axe spears, or other heavy weapons such as large two-handed swords or yamados as a result of fighting monsters, and Adriana was one of them.

The hammer Adriana wields is a weapon that a normal person would have to use both hands to hold, much less a strong person.

Adriana fights with this in one hand.

Block with a shield, smash with a hammer.

I'm sure Ludwig could handle a weapon like that with one hand.

Whether or not Ludwig is used to that kind of fighting, it's his grim demeanor that makes it seem like he's going to die.

Everyone's trying to stop him from becoming a moth to the flame.

Anyway, Adriana was taking a break from practicing her fighting skills in the training center when she spotted me.

"It's quiet......."

Adriana looks out over the deserted rehearsal hall, muttering to herself.

The stage isn't empty, but it's also not crowded. There aren't that many people in Royal Class in the first place.

"Adriana......."

"Ah, Redina."

At the sound of a voice next to me, I turned my head, and there was Redina.

Redina sat down next to Adriana, looking depressed, and wordlessly wrapped her arms around Adriana's waist.

As if on cue, Adriana opened her arms and wrapped them around Redina's shoulders.

Redina burrowed into Adriana's arms.

"......."

"......."

Ard de Gritis is dead.

Just as sophomores are devastated by the death of a classmate, so are juniors.

They didn't say anything, just held each other still.

I know it's hard enough to bring something up.

Redina cries in Adriana's arms, breathless, and Adriana pats Redina's shoulder, wide-eyed.

It had become a place where tears could come at any time.

And it's only going to get worse.

"I don't know what to do......."

"Kaier Il....... are you talking about?"

"......Yes."

Kaier.

And Redina.

Yesterday I saw them getting into an argument or something.

However, the behavior seemed to have changed a bit from what we were seeing.

Adriana seemed to know what was going on.

"If you thought it was......."

"Did you apologize to ......?"

"I said....... I don't know, you don't seem to want to listen to me at all....... You say you're not doing it for me....... That's all you say......."

"Is he really in danger of his life?"

Listening to the back-and-forth between the two, I couldn't help but realize what was going on.

While charging the Arc Crystal, Kaier would occasionally try to charge it beyond his limits. It was draining his life force.

In battle, if not in peacetime, there's often a sense of urgency. Even when he knew he couldn't afford it, Kaier would charge up until he was exhausted.

Even Redina was often yelling at me to charge until I collapsed.

But she didn't realize it was draining Kai'er's life force, and Kai didn't tell her, because if she did, it would be a waste.

The attitude was that if it meant sacrificing a little bit of longevity, a little bit of life, it was worth it to help where the magic was needed right now.

Redina had no intention of urging Kaiir on or brushing him off any further.

But Kaier isn't sweating for Redina in the first place, so it doesn't matter what she says.

If Kaier dies, the Arc Crystal becomes useless.

Then she won't be able to cast her magic like she does now.

Of course, Redina isn't crying in Adriana's arms like that because she's afraid she'll be useless.

"I don't know what to do....... I don't know......."

Can they do something called an apology and reconciliation?

If we reconcile, will anything change?

Kai is not trying too hard for her, so her apologies and encouragement mean nothing to him. So even if they reconcile, Kai will still be pushy when pushy comes to shove.

You're not going to die right away, so it's okay.

If you push yourself for a while, you won't die right away, that's a fact.

But how long that will be is anyone's guess.

War takes someone's life.

And it continues to gnaw at the survivors.



* * *



Redina returned from talking to Adriana with the grass dead, and Adriana took me off her lap and focused on training alone.

I left the training grounds and wandered around the Royal Class garrison again.

Maybe it was the winter, maybe it was the atmosphere, but it was a lonely, deserted place. It wasn't very warm, so it was better to rest in the warm barracks, so I didn't have to go outside unless I had a mission.

Anna hasn't returned, and neither has Ellen.

I'd rather wait for Kono Lint to come back than be stuck here with Anna, who might come back at any moment.

I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm going to use my Kono Lint Chance again, and I'm in the most likely place he'll be if he returns to the garrison.

Restaurant marquee.

It's inevitable that people will flock here to eat during lunch.

Adriana in training, Ludwig in training, students gathered in the cafeteria tent for lunch.

And I waited for Kono Lint to appear among the students, as this dining hall marquee has always been my seat.

By the way.

It was a little weird.

Never mind the bowl of milk in front of me.

It's one thing to not have Anna and Ellen.

Kono Lint didn't show up at the dining hall tent, either, so we'll assume he was on another mission.

I was watching a group of Class B guys eat at a round table.

B-3 Scarlet

B-10 Lanyon Sesor

B-11 Ludwig

There are only three B-class people in the cafeteria from sophomore year.

Only three people showed up for lunch.

There are two deaths in class B.

Ashur at B-4 and Delfin Izadra at B-9.

We know that the Detomorian is on the ecliptic.

Charlotte, of course, can't be here.

Telepathic, B-9, Ivia lives her life at the General Headquarters.

It was then that I realized what I was missing.

I was so focused on looking for Anna that I didn't realize who else was out there.

Aside from Anna, who can't be here, there are two others who have been wandering around the garrison for the past two days and I haven't seen them at all.

B-5, Christina

B-2, Louis Ankton

Neither of them, like Anna, can remember ever seeing each other.

I was so focused on Anna de Guerna that I didn't even realize the others were out of sight.

Well, Anna does.

What are the other two, and why aren't they there?

-Ludwig, what are you going to do?

Listening to Lanyon Sesor's cautious questions.

Finally, I realized what I was missing.

If Ludwig were to make a backward return, he would be returning to the ecliptic, which is obviously where Ludwig would be.

-Wouldn't it be better to go back to the template?

Temples.

-Once....... Just to give it some thought.

With permission, some of the students will be able to return to the Temple to stay.

I had completely forgotten about the soldiers on vacation until I saw them on the ecliptic.

I hadn't thought of something so simple.

If the Imperials wanted to conduct secret research on something, they wouldn't be doing it in a snowy Allied garrison in the first place.

The temple is as good as empty right now.

But the Temple has been a cradle of learning and research, and even has a university.

Facilities should be more than enough.

Rather, there is no reason to do so here, as there is tremendous risk in conducting such research in an Allied garrison.

Inevitably, we had assumed that since we were developing Titan on-site, we would also be experimenting with the undead here.

If you want to do secret, covert research, you should do it in the temple, not here.

If Anna were a researcher, she would be at the Temple in the first place, not somewhere in this garrison.

But.

Thinking about my speculation with someone who doesn't have one, I couldn't help but think about it in a different way.

If you're not just returning to the Temple to rest for the winter, but because of your research.......

Well, Anna does.

Why are Louis Ankton and Christina?

Not in the first place.......

Louis Ancton was not a researcher on a large project like Titan. He was not included in Adelia and the Archduke's project, even though he was capable and knowledgeable enough to help with the research.

So what the heck has he been doing all this time?





Episode 563.





Louis Ankton's talent is academic.

They can't use magic, so they can't help in combat.

But he was still with the Allies, and I saw him again and again in the Royal Class garrison.

Louis Ankton is a sorcerer, a wizard who can't do magic. He actually helped design the Power Cartridge and Moonshine.

In the original, Louis helps the kids improve their magic level, and I'm sure that's what he's doing here.

Sorry Louie, but technically Louie is backwards compatible with Herriot.

But that's because we're comparing apples to apples, not that Louis is a bad boy.

While he can't actually use magic, he has the talent to fully understand and design all lines of magic.

There's a problem with starting there in the first place.

Louis Ankton had nothing to do with Adelia's project, Titan Research. But he would have been a great help.

Louis Ankton is not affiliated with the Titan project.

He may have been working on refining and improving the combat magic of the mages, but he's more than capable of handling the big stuff.

Still, Louis' lack of involvement in the development of Titan suggests that he was working on a completely different project.

Louis Ankton has a talent for understanding black magic, literally.

So if Anna is working on a project involving the undead, Louis Ankton could help her with it, or even lead it.

So, while we don't know for sure yet, we do know some things.

Anna is not eating and sleeping in a lab somewhere in this garrison.

There is no reason to conduct research related to black magic in this Allied garrison in the first place.

The temple will have a lot more facilities and will be easier to secure.

You're in the wrong place at the wrong time.

To learn the true nature of what the Empire does, you must go to the Temple, not here.

Is Anna really involved, and is Louis Ankton involved.

If she's involved, what the hell is she doing.

What you think is a death knell is likely to be very different from what you think it is, and you can't predict what it will be.

Do I really need to see that?

If so, how?



* * *



When I realized that Louis Ankton and Christina were gone, I realized that I was being lopsided.

I had assumed that the desolate atmosphere of the Royal Class garrison was due to the aftermath of the Battle of Serandia.

It's winter, it's cold, and there are a lot of people hanging out in the barracks.

But it wasn't that, it was the fact that there weren't many people there, giving it a lonely vibe.

The garrison won't be moving for the winter, and the monsters around it are less of a threat now that Serandia, a key monster spawning area, has been cleared.

Royal class members get special treatment, so they were being accommodating to those who wanted to return to the temple to spend the winter.

I've seen soldiers who seem to be on vacation in the ecliptic, and I can't imagine there are any in Royal Class.

If I knew one, I'd know ten, and if I knew one, I'd only know one.

We don't know if there's actually a relevant experiment going on in the temple.

But with Anna almost certainly back at the Temple, it's very likely that the experiment, if it's happening at all, is happening at the Temple and not at the Allied garrison.

The facilities and security are far superior at Temple, and there's no need for risky experiments in a snowy Allied garrison.

It's ridiculous.

If it's a vacation or a school break, it's normal to leave school.

This is the way it is, and the students would rather go back to school than take a vacation.

I finally get a proper look at the dingy Royal Class garrison.

What's going on.

How do we verify that?



* * *



Bertus was on the Yellow Planet.

Tetra, the emperor's office in the Imperial Palace.

Bertus starts reading the report.

For a moment, Bertus was speechless.

Saviolin Tana didn't speak either.

After a long silence, the Emperor spoke briefly.

"Lord Tana, if heavenly punishment is given to those who have sinned, what punishment should I receive?"

Terrible things.

I couldn't have said it better myself.

The greatest sinner in the world would be Bertus, for the sin of the one who ordered it would be greater than that of the one who did it himself.

God's punishment for such a person shouldn't end with the taking of their life.

Bertus wondered what punishment was worse than death.

"Your Majesty, all of this is for the future and well-being of humanity. You are making a decision for the good of humanity. You cannot call this a sin."

"Do you really think so?"

This was an overly exemplary answer.

"......."

Just because it's necessary doesn't mean it's not a sin.

Both Tana and Bertus knew it was just words to comfort the emperor.

That's why Tana had no answer to Bertus' overly direct question.

Because you can't block the sky with your palm.

"Well, there's no such thing as punishment, so I'm just saying."

If God watches over the world, why is there sin in the first place and why did the Gate debacle happen?

"When I think about it, it would be funny with or without the punishment."

"Funny......?"

"What kind of ridiculous joke is it when you give someone a trial they can't overcome without sin, and then judge them?"

"......."

"If there's no punishment and no reward, why did this have to happen in the first place, and what did the gods throw this into the world for?"

"......."

"Well, I don't really care about gods anymore. I'm starting to think so, though......."

Bertus clicked his tongue briefly.

"I apologize, Lord Tana. I must have gotten carried away. It's useless......."

Bertus washed his face a few times.

Retribution.

There is no such thing in the world.

Then why is there sin at all.

Who is responsible for the sin.

Who should bear the burden and who should be punished.

"By the way, do you have a handle on what's going on with the Crusaders?"

"......We don't know which groups are specifically involved, and the scene is beyond our ability to investigate."

Not long ago, Bertus had been informed of the destruction of a tomb of saints beneath the Crusaders' headquarters.

A cemetery has been destroyed and the remains stolen.

"It looks like Elion Bolton will be returning to the ecliptic soon."

"......Yes."

The work of the Crusaders is the work of the Crusaders.

Hoping this doesn't spark anything, Bertus looks at his tea, which is now cold.

"One of my classmates died, and another was crippled."

"Yes......."

Dead classmates.

And a crippled classmate.

"Ludwig, I don't know about you, but I thought stubbornness wasn't your thing."

"Yes, it is."

Saviolin Tana had watched Ludwig's swordplay when she was a dormitory warden for Charlotte's bodyguards.

Originally an excuse to watch Reinhardt's sword, Ludwig has long since grown accustomed to stumbling and falling and begging for instruction.

Similarly, Delphine had been looked at, but not specifically.

Delphine is dead and Ludwig has lost his arm.

Bertus, of course, knew everything about his classmates, if not in detail.

And Bertus was getting the full scoop on each of their performances, not only during the Temple years, but also during the Gate debacle.

Ludwig.

One of four classmates who awakened without ever learning to enchant.

Even though the comparison is between a warrior and a demon, Ludwig was unrivaled for someone his age.

It's a monster.

If it weren't for the war, he'd be in the master class in a few years.

"I know you're not the kind of guy to give up like that."

"Probably, yes."

And not just skill, but personality.

His best friend, Delphine, was dead, and he'd been picking dangerous battlefields throughout the Gate crisis, so he wasn't about to give up the fight just because he lost an arm.

Stubborn to the point of death.

Even without seeing it, Bertus knew what was coming.

To prevent the death of a classmate's dog.

Before the moth burns out.

"Tell them to return to the template."

Bertus issues an imperial decree.



* * *



There are some people in the world who don't need to be persuaded or convinced.

If you want someone to come, you tell them to come; if you want them to go, you tell them to go.

Bertus is such a thing.

This is how the world has come to be, and still is, at least in the land of men.

Torn between anger and despair, between fighting on and fighting on, between Klippmann's rants, his friends' persuasions, and his teacher's advice, Ludwig needed time to think.

"Ludwig, this is His Majesty's imperative to return to the Temple."

The Emperor's orders came from the mouth of Mr. Mustang.

"If we go to the warp spot and deliver these papers, we'll be able to return to the ecliptic."

"......."

Mr. Mustang gave me detailed instructions on where the warp spots were in the Allied garrison and who to look for.

It's a shame.

Longevity doesn't come by accident.

A direct order to return to the temple, even if he was a classmate, because he was wounded and would insist on fighting, shows how gentle the emperor is.

A royal class, even a crippled one, who didn't need to be bothered.

It's the right thing to do.

I don't need people to convince me, I don't need a reality check, I don't need Ludwig to accept it and go along with it.

Go back.

With those words, Bertus can force Ludwig's behavior, and Ludwig has no choice.

Dr. Mustang was also very impressed that Bertus, now Emperor, cared so much about Ludwig himself.

But when he saw Ludwig's stern expression, Mr. Mustang's face hardened.

"Ludwig, it's Huang Ming. It's not something you can refuse. You know that, don't you?"

An attitude of hesitation.

It's an imperial gesture.

You can't say no, even if you're going to get your head blown off.

Coercive consideration.

"Yes, sir. I know. Of course......."

Ludwig nodded steadily.

Mr. Mustang breathed a sigh of relief, because he hadn't expected Ludwig to yell at him.

Ludwig receives the document containing the Emperor's decree and stares at it in silence.

Ludwig knows that no matter how much he wants to leave this battlefield, he cannot refuse this order from the Emperor.

Now, really, I can't help it.

What you have to accept, you have to accept.

You have no place on this battlefield, and so many people care about you that they're trying to get you to leave.

You can't deny it anymore.

"Even if I go back to the ecliptic, there must be something I can do, right?"

"Well, I told you, there are plenty of places that need you. You have friends in the dorms now, so you won't be lonely."

Mr. Mustang thought Ludwig might be stubborn, so he smiled and nodded at Ludwig's comment.

No stubbornness, no obsession, no desire to fight.

His brief resolve and determination to kill the demon with his own hands is eventually broken by others.

Finally, with the Emperor's orders, Ludwig must leave the battlefield.



* * *



I didn't have to say a long goodbye.

The very next day.

Ludwig said a quick hello to his Royal Class sisters and brothers, packed up his things, and headed for the warp point.

Lanyon Sessor and Scarlett followed to see Ludwig off for the last time.

"You've got Christina, you've got Louis, you've got Anna, you've got Detomorian, so you're not going to be bored."

"I see."

"Take care, Ludwig."

"Thanks."

Ludwig lost his arm saving Scarlett's life, and Scarlett's expression is tinged with guilt as she realizes that it was her fault that Ludwig had to leave.

"Don't be sorry, Scarlett."

"Ludwig......."

The more Scarlett hears this, the more distressed she becomes.

You've decided to leave the battlefield.

So let's not get carried away.

As Mr. Mustang says, even in the ecliptic, Ludwig thinks he has a job to do.

Whatever it is, their work is not insignificant, and he believes he can do something about it, even if he can't fight in this war.

The Emperor's command is something to be thankful for, not something to be bitter and divisive about.

If I ever ran into the Emperor, I'd have to get down on my knees in gratitude.

Between people and transports returning to the ecliptic from the warp spot, the mages in charge of the warp begin casting Mass Teleport.

Beyond the boundaries of the warp spot, Ludwig gestures to his friends who remain on the battlefield.

"You have to be okay."

Death is a sad thing.

Wishing your friends well in distant eclipses is the only thing left to do now that news of the battlefield is out of reach.

That's a shame.

Ludwig leaves, knowing that there is no place for him now.

"Yes, Ludwig, too."

I will fight for your share, and I will survive to the end.

Scarlett told Ludwig so again and again, and Lanyon Sesor waved at him until the end of his long, long mass teleportation cast.

Mass teleportation casts take time.

It's not a spell that anyone can use, it's a way of transporting people and supplying people at the same time, so it's activated at certain times. And the warp spots were not the only ones in operation in the Allied garrison.

So until mass teleportation was activated from the warp spot, Ludwig could watch the supplies and people arriving on the ecliptic, one by one.

Ludwig hadn't been back to the ecliptic since his departure, so it was his first time at a warp spot like this.

But even Ludwig, who had never been to a warp spot before, couldn't help but notice that something was out of the ordinary.

"......Crusaders?

It wasn't just soldiers returning to the ecliptic for the winter, but paladins as well, gathered at the warp spot.

That's as far as it goes.

Paladins, however, were far more numerous than the others.

"Are we going to go all the way back to the graveyard?

And the leader of the Crusader Knights, Elayon Bolton.

Even Ludwig could recognize the faces of the heads of the big groups by now.

Ludwig couldn't help but feel strangely uncomfortable as he saw the seriousness in their expressions.

What happened.

That wasn't the end of it.

-Ellen......?

-Is Ellen going back, too?

-Yes, I'm just going to go back for a second.

In the distance, Ellen approached, causing Lanyon Sesor and Scarlett to look up when they spotted her.

Inevitably, everyone's eyes shifted to Ellen.

A warrior, Ellen Artorius, approaches the warp spot, dressed in plain clothes rather than her usual ceremonial armor.

In many ways, Ellen was an exception to the rule, allowing her to use as many warp spots as she pleased, with permission from Command.

But this isn't the same Ellen everyone is used to seeing.

You are holding something in your right hand.

-Hello!

-Buck!

-Ahhhhhhh!

In Ellen's right hand was an odd cage, with a black cat inside that appeared to be panicking, spinning in place and crying.

-I thought it would be safer to leave it in the ecliptic.

-Yes.

-Yes, that's right.

-Cat!

Ellen hugged the cage like it was precious, and the cat bounced around in its narrow confines, wide-eyed with panic.





Episode 564.





I was caught off guard.

Back at the garrison, Ellen sat me on her lap and petted me for a while, and I fell asleep before I knew it.

No, honestly, I slept next to Ellen and petted her so often that I couldn't sleep without learning from her.

The next thing I knew, I was in a cage.

It was a conspiracy.

It was a ruse.

I had an agenda.

Ellen got me.

I don't know who or what she was talking to, but Ellen seemed to decide that I was better off in the Temple than on this dangerous battlefield.

If I'm a real cat, it's a miracle I've survived this long and somehow managed to follow the Allies.

In the end, it's not the monster that's the problem, it's the fact that you've been crushed under the weight of your luggage.

I can see what you're thinking.

Ellen can't stay at the Temple forever.

So you want to send it somewhere safe, even if it can't see you in the future.

Just as Ludwig is dangerous and you want to send him back to the temple, I'm just as dangerous and you want to raise me in the temple.

-Hello!

No matter how much she cried and scratched in her cage, I could see Ellen gritting her teeth and holding it together.

It's sad to see them go, but they're probably better off in a safe environment with someone else.

You can try to break the cage all you want, but from that point on, it's out of control.

Not only Ellen, but also Scarlett and Lanyon Sessor, listened to her and nodded in agreement, and Ludwig, who had decided to return to the ecliptic, shook his head, but didn't say anything about it being futile.

What....... Ludwig is in no position to give a cat's ass right now.

-Step away from non-transmitters!

Mass Teleport casting is ending.

-Hello!

-Buck!

"Frustrating. I'm sorry. I'll untie you in a minute."

Ellen whispered quietly that she thought I was crying because I was trapped.

-Flash!

The flash of mass teleportation enveloped us.



* * *



Ellen was particularly busy, but in the end, the garrison is unlikely to be in danger. So she had plenty of time for this.

Rather, Ellen should absolutely be given a break.

I use those precious, rare, I-don't-know-how-many-days breaks to drop my cat off at Temple.

This is a problem.

That's a pretty big deal, too.

In the future, if I am entrusted with the Temple, I will not be able to use Operation Cat in the future.

I suppose you could disguise the other cat, but isn't it a little suspicious that when one cat disappears, another cat immediately appears?

I'm sure the Temple stray would be a better seller than the Allied Garrison stray, but I'm not a cat!

Back on the ecliptic, Ellen pulled on a hood to avoid being recognized.

You're headed to the royal class dorms, and there's no reason why you shouldn't be accompanied on the way.

Ludwig, who lost his arm and is now ordered to wait in the rear.

Ellen returns to drop off her cat.

This makes Ellen look like a crazy person, but there's no way she's going to get away with this behavior. Because of what she's done so far.

Ludwig and Ellen are not close friends.

But I wouldn't call it a bad relationship.

"Did you get a vacation?"

"That's not it, I'll be right back."

Ludwig asked, and Ellen answered in a low voice.

He sounded guilty.

Ludwig seemed to think he was to blame for losing his arm.

He blames himself for everything that's happened since Gate, so he's bound to blame himself for Ludwig.

And no matter how necessary it was, Ludwig seemed to think it was bizarre that he was caring about a cat when he had lost his arm.

Ludwig certainly doesn't think it's Ellen's fault.

"Will....... temple, right?"

"Yeah. But I'm not going to stand still. I'm sure there's something I can do in the ecliptic, even if it's like this....... there must be."

Ludwig says cheerfully.

"There will be, I'm sure."

Ellen replies in a low voice. The good thing about Ludwig is that he's a bright guy.

War and a lot of bad things have darkened him, so he's lost a lot of that, but Ludwig doesn't want his melancholy to be contagious.

"For now, I'm thinking boot camp or guard work, so I can handle the smaller monsters, and you know how dangerous the refugee camps are?"

"Right."

Ludwig was forced to return to the ecliptic, where he seemed to find work that called to him.

"Don't overdo it."

Ellen added softly.

After all, given his personality, it seemed obvious that once Ludwig had gotten used to wielding a weapon with his left hand, he would devote himself to anything that involved fighting.

The dangers you would face in the ecliptic would be less than those on the battlefield. But there were no guarantees that you wouldn't get seriously injured trying to kill a monster.

"......You should."

The sleeve of Ludwig's right arm fluttered.

I've already come to the ecliptic.

So it's not possible for a black cat like me to reappear in the garrison.

Is this a permanent seal for Operation Cat?

Should we do a puppy or something like that next time? I think I'm going to end up on a leash.

No, and there's no guarantee that Ellen would be as cute as she is now if a different beast showed up in the first place.

It's not about being cute, it's about being able to get attention or not! It's not about being cute!

No....... Is that what it is after all......?

In the long run, it's a huge disruption to information gathering.

But it's also a good thing in the short term.

It's a situation where Ellen is personally carrying me to the Temple, to the Royal Class dormitory.

This means you have a high probability of running into Anna de Guerna, who will be there, and it's a great time to see what they're up to.

I even bumped into some of the B-class guys who would be back now.

So if you think about the information gathering I need right now, there's no better situation.

In the long run, it will be frustrating not being able to spy on Allied garrisons.

It's not hard to get out of a royal class dorm for a few days and then dump it somewhere in the temple.

But if I do, I won't be there when Ellen comes back to check on the cat later.

What if someone tries to force you into a royal class dorm?

It's getting to be a bit of a headache.

But what the heck.

I am guilty as charged, for the beast has been put in a cage for befriending man.

You just have to go with the flow.

The temple is far away, and the magic train has stopped running, so Ludwig and Ellen walk toward it.

"Earlier, I saw a group of Crusaders looking very serious....... including the leader of the Crusaders."

"Ah."

"Do you know what's going on?"

Ludwig asks, and Ellen nods as if that's the story.

Ellen's access to the chatter at the General Headquarters meant that she had a different level of information than Ludwig.

"I don't know the details, but....... Something happened at the Crusader headquarters."

"What happened?"

"Yeah, the headquarters cemetery of the Crusader Knights was grave robbed....... I heard they were hit by something similar."

Word would inevitably spread to the Alliance headquarters, which would of course reach Ellen's ears.

No one really knows what it was about yet.

Ludwig's mouth drops open at the absurdity of the grave robbing story.

"Why would anyone do that?"

"I don't know, maybe that's why the Crusaders returned to the ecliptic to investigate the incident."

"I see......."

Ludwig nods in agreement.

Elion Bolton and others are going to have a field day investigating this senseless and heinous act.

But our Death Knight has already been replenished.

We'll never know that the missing remains were used against us in any way, and even if we did, it wouldn't make a difference. The Crusaders won't be able to find us anyway.

"Why in the world would they rob a tomb? Is there treasure in there?"

"I'm not sure."

We don't know if Ellen really doesn't know what's going on, or if she's just pretending not to.

And I couldn't tell if he knew about what the Empire was doing or not.

"......."

"......."

There's another awkward silence.

Ellen and Ludwig didn't say much to each other.

They weren't exactly close to begin with.

As you approach the main entrance to the temple.

"I wish I was as strong as you."

"......."

I lost because I was weak.

Weak and injured.

Weak.

In the end, Ludwig hates his weakness and seems to be sad that he can't have Ellen's strength.

"You......."

Ludwig looks at Ellen.

"Are you thinking of getting back at Reinhardt....... to get back at Reinhard, right......?"

Ellen's eyes widen at the cruel question.

Now that she can't do it herself, she wants Ellen to do her part.

Don't say no.

That's not the answer you want to give Ludwig.

No matter what I thought, I rather hoped that Ludwig would tell me what I needed to hear.

"Someday....... that we have to fight....... I'm thinking......."

Ellen finally said, with a stern look on her face.

Ludwig is not going to be satisfied with Ellen's answer.

"......I'm sorry. I'm not the one who gave you....... It's not like I can do anything about it......."

However, he finds himself in the position of having to hope that someone will take revenge for him.

Your own weaknesses.

It seemed to hate me more.



* * *



So.

I fell for Ellen's ruse, so to speak.

I couldn't fall asleep without being petted, and when I woke up, I was in a cage.

He was returned to the ecliptic, still in his cage.

We don't know if Ellen thought of this on her own or if she decided to do this after talking to others.

But regardless of who in the Royal Class garrison came up with the idea, no one would have disagreed with the decision.

No matter how often you see them and want to pet them, they'd rather grow up in a safe environment than a dangerous one.

That might be problematic for future information gathering, but it's fine for getting me out of there.

Unless someone locks me up, I can go back to Edina.

There's a teleport scroll just in case, so it's obviously possible.

So.

By the way.

I was misunderstanding again.

I thought Ellen was trying to get me into the Temple Royal class dorms.

In fact, Ellen did return to the Temple with Ludwig.

I had to pause at the main entrance to the temple.

"Is this your cat?"

"What? Ah....... Yes."

Something tells me the guards would ask such a strange question.

After all, Ellen did take me to the Royal Class dorm.

But.

After Ludwig went back to the B-class dorm to organize his things, Ellen arrived at the Royal Class sophomore, A-class dorm.

"Is this the cat?"

"Yes."

Setting the cage down, Ellen carefully opened the entrance.

"Grow it."

In front of me was the Emperor Bertus.

From the look on Bertus' face, I'm guessing we've been over this before.

"......Yes, that's not hard."

No.

It's too safe to play it safe.

Not in a temple, but in an imperial palace, a tetra!

It's too safe to go anywhere!

No!

-Ahoy!

Ellen jumped up and clung to my chest in a panicked embrace.

-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"......Hold on, it's okay."

Ellen gently pushed me off of her and tried to sit on Bertus's lap.

-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"...... doesn't seem to like me."

"......."

Bertus smirked at me as I rambled on, and Ellen couldn't help herself.

No!

From the moment I enter the palace, I won't be able to go outside, and everyone in Edina will be screaming that the demon king is missing!

Not the cat in the temple.

Ellen was trying to make me the emperor's cat.



* * *



What if I was actually a stray that had somehow infiltrated the Allied forces?

A kitten that stumbles into an allied army, gets cuddled by a warrior, and eventually becomes the emperor's cat.

This kind of status is reserved for beasts, not people.

There's no such thing as history in the animal kingdom, but if there were, it would be a big deal in the animal media.

It's a foreign topic. Uh.

But I'm not a cat in the first place, I'm just a demon turned into a cat to gather information.

...... Isn't this more international?

Anyway, thanks for thinking of me, but this doesn't work.

I can live with a temple, but never an imperial palace.

It's not about the palace, it's about being the emperor's cat.

You're going to be stuck.

It's about making sure Ellen is in the safest place in the world.

Even Bertus has no intention of saying no to Ellen's request.

If it doesn't work, it doesn't work.

I did everything I could.

When Ellen would try to pick me up from Bertus or sit me on her lap, I would twist and turn, cry, and grind my teeth.

"I didn't realize I was so unloved by animals."

Somehow, Bertus was hurt.

No.

It's not like that.......

"......Why is this?"

Ellen began to stroke the mad cat on her lap as if it were the highest dignity of mankind, the emperor.

It's an animal, it doesn't know what it's doing, and I think they both understand it that way.

Ellen is a picture that Bertus will not be able to pass me off as because I hate her so much.

This.

If you really try to force it, it will revert to its normal behavior and you will have to use force to get away.

What happens after that, whether it's a fight or whatever, I hate to imagine.

This is a rare sight, by the way.

Somehow, we're able to watch Bertus and Ellen in private, and we're not suspicious at all.

"I could have gone to the palace."

The emperor is who you call, not who you go to see.

Even if Ellen is special, I'd rather have her come to the palace, even if it's just to drop off a cat, but Bertus came in person.

"Oh, I've been here for a few days, checking in on the Temple side."

Is this something that I'm supposed to check that's related to the experiment?

Is there really an experiment going on in the temple and Bertus is checking it out?

But this conversation alone is a clue.

If Ellen knows about the topic, there's no need for Bertus to blurt out that he'll "check it out".

"I see."

It's clear that Ellen doesn't know what's going on, because she says it as if she doesn't want to know.

I don't know if that's a good or bad thing.

It was clear that Bertus didn't think it was a good idea for Ellen to handle this.

"Ellen, I'm not going back right away, but you're welcome to spend the winter here. It's never safe around Serandia, but you've done the most work to clear the neighborhood, and you haven't had much rest. Apparently, this cat has no intention of staying with me. Wouldn't it be better if you stayed here and took care of it?"

-Angel

Right.

"......."

Ellen wordlessly tickled the back of my head.

This is the hardest I've ever worked, and I can't even take a break.

Ever since the Battle of Serandia, Ellen has been busy cleaning up the monsters around her.

But you should be more or less done with that now, so you don't have to sit in your garrison waiting for a mission.

Normally, Ellen would have left me with Bertus and headed straight back to the Allied garrison.

"It's been a while since you've been back to the dorms. Get some rest while you're here."

Bertus didn't meet Ellen in the palace, but in her dormitory.

This was partly because Bertus had been at the Temple for a few days, but it also seemed like he was trying to get Ellen some rest upon her return to the dorm.

"......May I?"

"Who else but you would do that?"

Ellen looks down at me, her hands on my waist as she sits on my lap.

"Do I deserve....... do I have it in me?"

I could see the self-pity and guilt in his eyes.

Part of Ellen's relentlessness and refusal to allow herself a break was due to guilt and self-pity.

That left Bertus speechless for a moment.

"This whole thing happened....... And what happened this time....... I feel like it's all because of me......."

I knew she was blaming herself for Delphine's death and Ludwig's, too. I stared up at Ellen as the corners of her eyes turned transparent.

Ellen.

Bertus.

And me.

It's almost as if the people who were most responsible for the Gate fiasco are all in this room together.

"If we start talking about who was really the cause and who was really the problem, it would be endless."

"......."

"Just like the gate situation won't end if I beat myself up thinking this might all be because of me. It doesn't end because you're harsh on yourself."

"......."

"You've seen how weak humans are."

Every day, I was confronted with people dying far too easily.

Humans break, die, and get hurt so easily.

"You're strong, but you're only human."

"......."

"You're getting screwed, too."

At Bertus' words, Ellen clutched the amulet around her neck.

"You don't have to be in the Alliance to fly through the winter, and if the Alliance falls apart without you, there's no point in being in the Alliance in the first place, and the Alliance needs warriors who are all in, not warriors who are all out, and to be that, you need to rest when you need to rest."

"......."

"There is no such thing as a tireless human being, and it's time for you to rest."

"......Yes."

Throwing yourself into the fray, into the fray, into the fray, diminishes a person, and Ellen is no exception.

The last thing the Alliance needs is a risky warrior.

You are a warrior who will spend the winter rebuilding your body and mind and return to full strength.

As if Bertus' words could not be refuted, Ellen nodded, clutching the amulet.

It's been a long time since I've heard Bertus speak in person.

I knew it was different, but it was a strange feeling to see it in person.

Bertus, the villain, was now something you couldn't really call a villain.

In the first place, Bertus was rarely a villain to me during my time in the Temple; the closest I came to that was right before the Gate debacle, but that didn't happen because he was a villain.

After the Gate incident, Bertus felt like the mask he always wore was off.

Bertus is filled with self-pity, guilt, and responsibility.

But what's even worse is that Bertus didn't do this when he was a villain.

Bertus, no longer a villain, is presumed to be up to something even more terrible.

"Take a break, I need to talk to Ludwig."

"Yes."

With those words, Bertus rose from his seat.

Luckily, I didn't get dragged to the Yellow Star Emperor.

Ellen looks at me with her head down.

"I should have gone."

Ellen says in a depressed voice.

"I'm....... keep....... with you."

It had multiple meanings.

No matter how long you decide to rest, you'll eventually have to return to the Allied garrison.

It also means that Ellen doesn't have a lot of time to take care of the little beast.

And finally, that it would cease to exist.

I couldn't stay with her, so Ellen found someone who could stay with me, and that was Bertus.

-Angel

"......eh."

Ellen eventually let out a long sigh and pulled me into a hug.





Episode 565.





The royal class dormitories were full of students who had decided to spend the winter here and had gotten permission.

However, the power hasn't come back and some people have been unable to return, so we haven't seen many people.

It was originally a royal class dormitory with a capacity of only one hundred and twenty students.

There weren't many people there to begin with, and even fewer now, so the atmosphere was very low-key.

Ludwig unpacked his things in his long-awaited dorm room. It wasn't much, and it wasn't a lot.

After roughly unpacking his things, Ludwig exited the room and bumped into someone.

"Ludwig......."

"Uh, Detto. It's been a while."

Detomorian, his complexion unusually sallow, stared at Ludwig's loose right arm.

"......I heard that."

"This is how it happened."

Ludwig scratched his head with his left arm and smiled sheepishly.

Detomorian was not surprised, for those who had returned earlier had heard of Ludwig and Delphine.

"How are you?"

"It's me....... Nothing happened......."

Ludwig nodded his head in relief at the Dettomorian's words. Ludwig looked around the deserted halls of the B-class dormitory.

The only thing that comes and goes is the Detomorian.

"What about the others?"

"I think they're all busy with research."

"I see. You didn't come here to rest......."

Louis, Christina, and Anna have just returned to the dorms.

These three are not rear-guarded like Ludwig, but are back in the dormitory because they have work to do.

Not yourself.

Unlike Ludwig, who was forced to remain in the Temple by the Emperor. They will be thrown back into the Allied ranks whenever the battlefield demands it.

And the master of it all.

"Looks like you're back."

Bertus stepped into the hallway of the B-class dormitory and held up a hand to Ludwig.



* * *



Detomorian said he had some work to do and headed for the clubhouse, leaving Ludwig and Bertus alone in the B-class dormitory.

Since becoming emperor, Bertus has rarely had to face his classmates, with the exception of a few.

It's not Ellen that Bertus sees most often, but rather B-7, the telepathic Ivia, who serves as his liaison to the General Headquarters.

Ellen is next, followed by those involved in magical research.

So it had been a long time since Ludwig and Bertus had seen each other in person.

"Be comfortable, because that's what I like."

"Uh, ah....... Yeah."

Ludwig scratched the back of his head with a sheepish grin as he tried to figure out what to do.

"For your attention....... Thanks."

Ludwig felt that he had to say so, since he had brought him back to the temple himself.

"You don't look grateful at all."

"......."

By all accounts, Ludwig was more despairing of his situation than grateful; he only said what he said because he had to.

"......No, no, thank you very much."

"I understand that you want to fight more, and I know that even in your current state, you're probably more capable than the average soldier. But....... you're not a regular soldier."

"......I know what you mean."

It's true that most common soldiers are being used as expendable and are dying in battle.

However, even such common soldiers are crippled, and if they survive, they are no longer used in combat.

Ludwig is a Royal Class troop that can still fight, but is very important.

When they die, the morale of the entire Royal Class suffers.

That's why he's been sent to the back of the line, and Ludwig knows what that means.

It's just a shame.

You can't fight anymore, and you have to take a back seat because you're making your classmates feel like a burden.

"Delphine's work is at....... I'm sorry to hear that. I didn't talk to her much, but I heard she was a good friend."

"......."

Bertus didn't know Delphine, but Ludwig had countless memories with her.

I watched helplessly as someone so dear to me died before my eyes.

That was Ludwig's nightmare and reality.

"It's all my fault."

"......?"

"Delphine was trying to help me, so it's all my fault."

Ludwig mumbles, his eyes blank.

"I'm weak, I did it all wrong......."

Bertus watched as Ludwig blamed himself.

In this situation, Ludwig was blaming himself, just as everyone else was blaming themselves and Bertus was blaming himself.

Bertus was about to say something about how it was inevitable, or that he hadn't saved Scarlett, when he was silenced.

Ludwig is broken.

It's not that it's all that special or particularly rare.

Like everyone else, Ludwig is just going through the same process.

Now that it has retreated from the battlefield, it will slowly rot in helplessness.

What Ludwig needs is not sympathy or comfort.

"There's plenty of work to be done in the ecliptic, and plenty of places that need you."

It's important to realize that you don't have to be on the battlefield to find meaning in your existence.

"I'll get you a spot in the Guard. It's not official, but at least give it a try. You can decide later if you want to do it properly."

You'll need to make them feel like they're not helpless.



* * *



Ellen was the only one in her now sophomore A-list dorm.

Naturally, there are fewer people in Royal Class right now.

As a result, meals were not eaten in the dormitories, but in the great hall of the dormitories, where the grades were mixed.

Ellen was always a very large eater.

But on the battlefield, time is of the essence, and food itself is a commodity.

So Ellen ate less than the average soldier on the battlefield, where she needed to eat well.

-Omnomnomnom

After being in a place where she felt comfortable for so long, Ellen ate quite a bit, though not as much as she used to.

The quality of the meals in Temple Royal Class was also much lower before and after the Gate incident.

So Ellen didn't eat like she used to.

-NomNomNom

Still, it feels good to see you eating so much after all these years.

...... But the idea is that the animal is happy to see its master and eat well. Doesn't that make sense?

Anyway, I'm happy, so what the heck.

This kid ate as much as birdseed on the battlefield.

Was Ellen actually getting good gas mileage?

"Ellen, did you bring the cat?"

"Yes."

"It would be good for him to grow up here. That's a good idea. Ellen, are you staying here too?"

"For now."

"That's right, you need to get some rest."

As a result, other members of the royal class I encountered in the Allied garrison would recognize me and often give me a quick pat on the back or say something to Ellen.

I was sitting next to the straight table where Ellen was sitting.

Ellen handed me a sausage to make sure I had something to eat, and I was munching away at it.

It's out of shape, so you can eat it.

Of course, you didn't follow me to the restaurant to get a sausage from Ichabod.

What I'm looking for are class B guys.

First, Anna De Guerna.

None.

Secondarily, Christina and Louis Ankton.

None.

Ludwig and Dettomorian are the only two Class B guys here.

I thought I'd see Anna, Christina, and Louis Ankton in the dorms, but they were nowhere to be seen.

They can't drive the conversation, so if their name doesn't come up, I don't know what's going on.

Somebody say something!

Anna, Christina, and Louis.

Someone ask me where it is!

-Detto, are Louis and the others in the lab? Is that where they eat? I don't see them. Continue.

-Wouldn't it be.......

-Ah, so you're staying there? Isn't that too much to ask?

-I do come by from time to time across the pond.......

Ludwig!

You are the best.

They're here!



* * *



Playing.

When I looked at myself objectively, there was nothing else I could say.

A few days after returning to the temple.

I was literally playing with it.

-Taktak

As if to say, "Come on up here," Ellen sat down on the bench and patted the seat next to her, and I leapt up and onto the bench.

-Angel

I didn't do much of anything except walk around with Ellen.

Luckily, Ellen didn't leave me to Bertus and head back to the Allied lines.

Ellen also seemed to be taking a break from Temple.

Originally, I was going to do information gathering.

But I can't bring myself to do it.

First of all, Ellen is always carrying me around, and secondly, the B-class guys don't come back to the dorm very often, except for Detomorian and Ludwig.

I'm pretty sure the three of them are in the temple, but it's hard to see their faces.

I think it's in the lab or something like that.

And you already have a pretty good idea of where that is.

The fact that I don't see the three I'm looking for is already information enough.

It's not like they're coming back one or two at a time, but if they're gone at the same time and not coming back at the same time, they're together.

That's why we know that the Empire's secret research includes all three.

Secret research involving the remains of a warrior.

In the case of Louis, his understanding of all areas of magic is excellent, so it's understandable that he's involved in the project.

Anna's talent for black magic is obvious.

But her talent, her alchemy.

I don't understand why you need an alchemist.

What the heck am I doing?

For now, I'm going to wait and see what happens, rather than do anything overtly suspicious or return to my human form to investigate or spy.

I've been told that Edina has a pretty generous amount of time to gather information, so that's probably the least of my worries.

So, with nothing to do, all I could do was sit back and watch Ellen rest.

Sometimes she would be unconscious and dazed for long periods of time, but she made no move to leave the ecliptic. When Ellen was in this state, she would sit in a daze for a while, and then wake up after some time.

"Here, I used to come here a lot."

-Angel

A hill on the Temple Walk.

This is where I used to run a lot.

I played with Adriana often, countless times on my own, and many times with Ellen.

Ellen gazes wistfully down the hill.

I didn't have to tell him what I was thinking.

You're probably thinking the same thing I am.



* * *



The military uses that phrase.

Breaks are also a tactic.

Naturally, managing fatigue is crucial to maintaining a military's combat effectiveness, so it stands to reason that rest is a very important part of military operations.

So when I say breaks are a strategy, I'm not just saying it, it's a strategy. And a very important one.

Ellen was always at the front of the line for most battles, as she was responsible for scouting and killing, and she was often the last to return once we had captured something, as she was out pacifying the neighborhood.

First to the battlefield, last to return.

Sure, she had the occasional day off, but Ellen would always jump out of bed at the call of command.

Then Ellen is resting.

Ellen was convinced by Bertus that she needed to rest.

For the sake of others, Ludwig returned like a man driven to the rear of the battlefield.

For the sake of others, Ellen accepted that she needed to rest.

You're not falling asleep on a cot while on the battlefield.

You're safe, in your room where no one is looking for you, asleep in your baggy pajamas, oblivious to the world.

Ellen ate and she ate, but she also slept and she slept a lot.

Like you're trying to catch up on sleep you've been missing. Like you're trying to get all the sleep you're going to get later.

I've slept for upwards of twelve hours a day, sometimes missing meals and even naps.

How tired was I?

It's not just a coalition issue.

Since the Gate incident, Ellen has been called into battle against monsters nonstop.

When one place is cleared, another place, another battlefield.

They've been working tirelessly, slaying monsters.

For Ellen, it was like getting her first real break after nearly three years of gatekeeping.

I was busy after Gate, and so was he. But I didn't keep fighting. In fact, there were more days when Edina's internal affairs troubled me.

Heck, I didn't even take a break from Lizaira for very long.

However, Ellen had to fight and fight and fight.

Ellen was asleep, hugging the quilt as if she were dead.

This is probably the first time Ellen has taken a real, long break since Gates.

So it's inevitable that you'll fall asleep over and over again as if you were dead, as if to relieve the fatigue that has accumulated in your soul.

But Ellen's door is very slightly open.

When Ellen wakes up after a long sleep and sees me sitting in my room, she apologizes, and after that she sleeps with the door open for a little while.

As in, come and go as you please.

The Class A dorm is empty anyway, so there's no one looking for Ellen.

It knew that if I disappeared, I'd be back soon, and it didn't want to lock me up.

Of course, Ellen doesn't know that you shouldn't actually keep your cat like that.

The time is early night.

Let's go to the B-class dorm.

The three I'm looking for might be back today.





Episode 566.





A B-class dorm in the middle of the night.

-Ludwig.......

-Welcome back.

They include Christina and Louis Ankton, and Anna de Gerna.

And Detomorian and Ludwig.

There were five of us sitting around the table.

-I'm fine, I think there's still something I can do.

When Ludwig started working as a guard, he would leave the Burinake Temple in the morning and stay outside all day.

I don't know if it was Bertus's breath or something else, but Ludwig had found something new to do, and a lot of the despair was gone from his expression.

You have to do something to get past the despair.

Maybe this will help Ludwig regain a bit of his former cheerfulness.

"Huh? This is......?"

-Angel

Christina's eyes widened as I approached.

All three of them panic because here's a cat that's supposed to be in the Allied garrison.

"Ellen brought her, and she's resting in Class A dorm right now. I think I'll probably keep her here."

All three nodded at Ludwig's explanation.

"Oh, I see......."

Anna glared at me, then scooped me up and sat me on her lap.

......somehow.

Maybe I'm just too used to sitting on someone's lap.

I've been shapeshifting for too long, don't you think I'll get used to being human again?

Three.

I'm pretty sure we're working on the same project since we both came back at the same time on the same day.

We all sat around and talked for a long time about the injured Ludwig, the death of Delphine, and other such things, and I sat on Anna's lap and listened.

Ludwig did not cry as he said this.

However, just because you're not crying doesn't mean you're not sad.

It's not that I've gotten used to losing him, it's just that I don't know how to express my sadness.

Ludwig believes that Delphine died because he was weak.

Of course, no one said that Delphine's death was due to Ludwig.

Klippmann says it with the nuance that you're to blame for Delphine's death to get Ludwig to give up, but I don't think Klippmann actually thinks that way.

Obviously, it's not Ludwig's fault.

But if Ludwig hadn't tried to save Scarlett, Scarlett would have died and Delphine and Ludwig would have lived.

But if Scarlett had died, Ludwig's self-pity would have been the same.

I would have blamed myself for Scarlett's death because I didn't save her. In that case, I wouldn't have lost my arm.

In the end, blame games are difficult and unhelpful.

In that sense, Delphine wouldn't have died if I hadn't existed at all.

In the first place, none of this would have happened if Junior hadn't been in Bali, and the gate incident wouldn't have happened.

The future I knew so little about forced me to face the future I was trying to avoid.

When will all the self-pitying stories ever end?

Not everyone can be happy, but can the story end happily for those who remain?

I watch as they share their grief and eventually get over their feelings.

"So, you joined the Guard?"

Ludwig nodded vaguely at Louis's question.

"I'm not technically a member of the Guard, but I'm helping out with....... I'm helping out with the Guard, like patrols and....... something like that."

Ludwig had been helping out with the guards for a few days and, given his personality, would have gone to the most dangerous places.

You have to see the reality of the refugee camps with your own eyes.

"Is the refugee zone monster problem....... Is it really that bad?"

"I can't say it's not serious, but....... but I hear it's not as bad as it used to be. The real problem is....... not the monster."

"What if it's not a monster?"

Ludwig's expression darkened at Christina's question.

"Hunger is one thing, but....... people are the problem."

At that, everyone's face fell as if they understood what I meant.

Crime.

And hunger.

Refugee zones are not about monsters, they're about people.

Ludwig didn't seem to want to say more.

You've seen the truth of life's desperation and misery everywhere, and it's not going to be solved by talking about it here.

"You must be busy, by the way, because you're not coming back to the dorm."

What Ludwig said to change the subject was what I was waiting for.

Research.

When the subject came up, Christina nodded in agreement.

"Well, yeah."

Christina said so, but Anna and Louis didn't look happy, and that was enough of a clue.

It would be nice to ask them a little bit more. Of course, they won't open up, but the reaction is a good clue.

"What are you doing back at Temple, building another Titan or something?"

Ludwig's eyes glowed even as he realized he could no longer participate, for if more Titans were built, the war would be easier.

No.

Son of a bitch.......

How an alchemist and a warlock created a giant weapon.......

You don't know the difference between Magic Crafting and Alchemy, do you?

"No, that's not our field, it's ....... It's business as usual, just moonshine and stuff."

"Oh....... I see."

The lie was obvious.

You realize that the three of you are part of the same research project.

And Christina lied on behalf of them, and Ludwig didn't recognize it. Of course, there's no way Ludwig would see through such a lie, since very few people would know about the mass disappearance of bodies.

I just nodded, knowing that he wouldn't even think of doubting his friend in the first place.

But.

He's been silent all this time.

"......really?"

The Dethomorian looked at Christina with a sullen gaze, tilting his head slightly.

"Huh? What do you mean, really?"

"I don't think so......."

The Dethomorian murmurs to himself.

And the pale complexion of Louis and Anna, not to mention Christina.

I felt like a fluffball, too.

No, it sounds like you're actually in trouble.

Detomorian, this.

I don't know anything about this, but you're just hitting this with your fingertips, right?

Under the piercing gaze of the Dettomorian, Christina went white.

"What....... I'm sure you have an idea......."

He gave me a strong hint that he knew something, but wouldn't pry unless I told him, so he staggered to his feet and headed for his room with his usual sobbing.

Ludwig looked dumbfounded, alternating between his three pale-faced friends and the Dettomorian.

"Dettoga....... What are you talking about?"

"Well, isn't that what Detto does sometimes?"

As if on cue, Christina immediately changed her complexion.

Nonchalantly, as if nothing is happening.

"Yes, but......."

To be sure, Dettomorian often said things that sounded like he knew, but Ludwig didn't seem to suspect anything.

Because that's how it works.

And with that, I was off and running.

Detomorian.

I know he's not a bad guy, but he's a cheap one to say the least.

Ludwig didn't really understand the situation, and Detomorian's attitude was that whatever the three of them were working on was their own business.

Ludwig goes back to his room, saying he needs to go to bed early because he has to work tomorrow.

"......."

"......."

"......."

I sat in silence, watching Christina, Louis, and Anna exchange glances.

That leaves us with these three.

And then we're going to talk about research.

But they only exchanged glances, not words.

"Let's go inside and rest, everyone."

"......Yes."

"I guess so......."

I wonder if they've decided not to talk about their research at all.

The three of them split up after that conversation.



* * *



The time of night when everyone is asleep.

I exited the royal class dormitory still in my cat form.

I could see the three people I was looking for, and I could be sure that their research project was confidential.

However, the inference is only just solidified.

We don't really know what they're doing yet.

Even if the three of us were the core researchers, it's clear that the project would have included a significant number of wizards, just as the Titan project did.

In fact, I know where I need to go without having to follow those three.

No one would conduct such research outside of the Temple. No one would conduct such a research project outside of the temple, which is the most secure place in the world.

The Titan project was developed in a mobile Allied garrison.

The environment must have been quite harsh, so it was a miracle that the Titan survived its first maneuver.

However, there is no reason why the research environment has to be poor.

The Titan was such a massive, mega-weapon that it would have had to be developed in the field where the Allies were moving.

If it weren't for that, Titan would be in a stable environment.

I'm pretty sure there's research going on at Temple, so it's no secret where it is without me following in the footsteps of the B-class trio.

It's probably the best research environment at Temple.

Temple University.

There, of course, is the University of Magic Research Building.

It's a given that there's research going on somewhere.

The reason I haven't gone there until now, even though I know I should, is simple.

-.......

After running through the Temple of Night, I arrived at the Temple College of Magic, only to find it completely locked down.

There were temple guards in the vicinity of the facility, as well as at the entrance to each lab to monitor access.

The numbers were staggering.

There were so many guards that even if you didn't know anything about it, you'd think they were doing something inside.

I'm afraid it's a bit too much.

It's perfectly possible to enter that area.

It's unlikely that the guards will try to chase away a single cat.

Importantly, the only place I can walk around in this form is the grounds of the research facility.

It would be impossible to enter the building.

Rather, if a big beast tries to enter, it will be kicked out. That's because, whether I'm suspicious or not, an animal might get into the research facility and touch something important.

There's nothing to be gained by walking around the site itself.

So here I was, knowing that the project was going to happen, and I didn't just show up, I waited for three people to come out and spill the beans.

But the three of them are tight-lipped about their research.

Somewhere in the Temple College of Magic research facility in front of me.

There's a huge project going on here that's on par with a Titan project.

How am I supposed to figure out what the hell I'm doing?

ConoLint does not pull.

I also told them not to take my word for it, which is obviously dangerous.

You don't want him to know anything that he doesn't need to know.

You can't turn into a bug. No, you could, but you wouldn't be able to control it.

It's taken me three months to get used to cats, and I can't even get used to bugs.

Should we call Sarkegar over here?

But the neighborhood itself is now heavily guarded.

Obviously, the area where the research is being conducted will have tight controls on not only personnel, but also the environment itself.

Chances are, you've configured your environment to be so precise that it literally won't tolerate even a bug crawling around.

Would Sarkozy be able to find a way out of that situation?

The use of force is obviously not a consideration.

Of course, if you think about it, you can jump right in.

Christina, Anna, and Louis.

If you transform into one of the three, you'll be able to get in right away.

But of course, it's a trade-off.

Frustrating.

It's so frustrating that I just want to grab Bertus by the scruff of the neck and ask him what he's doing.

Of course, if they were going to do that, they would have contacted me a long time ago, so it's too late. You'd be laughing if you asked me what I was doing with the Death Knight in the first place, and I'm not going to give up on it, just as the Empire has no reason to give up on the Titan, even if I were to slap it around.

Somehow.

There's nothing wrong with being ignorant at this point, trusting that the Empire will take care of itself. After all, the research here is for the current war.

But just as everyone in Edina was worried about what if the Titan turned on us, even if it never did.

We don't know if the research we do here will be a threat to us later.

If it was simply a matter of turning it into a death knell like we did, this might not be something you'd need to look into.

But black magic followed by alchemy.

The links don't mesh.

Sounds like a more complicated study than I thought.

I couldn't figure out what it was.

If you're stuck on your own, there's no way you're going to be able to break through.

I gave up.

Let's go back to Edina for a minute.





Episode 567.





It's all in the mindset, and it's actually pretty easy to get back to Edina.

Entering and exiting the temple could be done in the guise of an animal.

Not because I'm an animal, but because when I walked through the gate in the first place, I felt like it had been talked about among the guards beforehand that I was Ellen's cat.

It's like being given an intangible temple pass.

Once out of the temple, Herriot's homemade teleportation scroll would take him straight back to Edina.

It's a waste of scroll, but I can't call Heriot here because he doesn't know I was dragged to the temple in the first place.

It's not uncommon for me to disappear and return after leaving Charlotte in charge of the regency, so no one panicked.

Naturally, the first thing I looked for was Herriot.

Despite the fact that everyone else was sleeping, Harriet was in the lab, not the bedroom, looking at something.

If you don't tell him, he won't rest either.

When I showed up after being gone for a while, Herriot gave me a rundown of what had been going on in Edina.

"You were dragged to the ...... temple?"

"......."

Herriot laughed in disbelief when I told him about my experiences in the Allied lines and the current whereabouts of Cat Mode.

"Caged?"

"Uh......."

"Your pet is ready......."

Herriot said that with a hint of frustration, and I couldn't argue with him.

"But doesn't that mean you have to stay in the cat form longer?"

"I already do......."

"Ah."

"In fact, it still feels a little, well, awkward."

"...... Is that it?"

"Uh, I wonder why humans are so tall."

"...... and."

After nearly a week of low visibility, the ground seemed to tremble as I returned to my human form.

The human condition is awkward!

I told him as much as I could about what had been going on in Herriot's lab.

I thought it was just a matter of reanimating them with black magic, but Christina, an alchemist, is working on a research project.

"I can't believe there's alchemy involved......."

"I don't get it, what the hell does being an alchemist have to do with reanimating the dead?"

"In the first place, alchemy is almost as alcoholic as black magic....... In fact, the frequency of insanity is higher among alchemists than warlocks."

"...... is it?"

"Yeah, Aaron Mede, you remember him."

"...... did."

Well, actually, Aaron Mede, a lowly member of the Black Order, was an alchemist rather than a warlock.

"There's also quite a bit of alchemy associated with black magic....... So they're not necessarily incompatible magical systems, but rather related."

Is it the concept of euploidy.

It would be ridiculous to do forbidden research and touch alchemy but not black magic, or vice versa.

It's a concept that breaks all the taboos if you're doing research outside of society's morals.

That's why there's alchemy based on black magic, and there's black magic based on alchemy.

I'm sure this has something to do with it.

"So, what do you think the Empire is doing?"

Her eyes narrowed at my nonchalant question.

"How do I know that?"

"......Yeah, right."

I have this trust that when the subject of magic is thrown at you, you have all the right answers.......

That said, it also doesn't make sense that Herriot has been an answer vending machine so far.

"Too few clues, and even if alchemy and black magic are involved, it's too broad a topic."

It looks like they're doing something bad with their magic, but what magic?

That's pretty much what the question was.

"Raising the dead is alchemy......."

Herriot thought about it, but couldn't seem to come up with anything.

"In isolation, I don't know, but when I try to think about it together, it's hard."

"Separately, do you understand?"

"If it's black magic, it's alcoholic beverages related to the undead. If it was alchemy, you'd have Moonshine and other enhancement potions."

Herriot doesn't see the connection either.

"I'll give it some thought. Maybe the patriarchs will have a clue."

In retrospect, it was a little silly of me to come back in the middle of the night, not a night owl, and ask for answers.

"Are you going to go straight back to the ecliptic? You're Ellen's cat, not Reinhardt's, and isn't Ellen worried that her cat is missing?"

Herriot says, covering his mouth as if to mock me.

"Are you doing this for ......?"

"Of course."

Harriet giggled, as if she found the sight of me as a pet amusing.

"Or can you stay with me today because I'll let you go early tomorrow?"

"......?"

"As a cat instead."

"Oh, no, why not!"

Stop!

I did it wrong!

"Come on. I'll give you a hug."

Herriot comes over and opens his arms wide as if to hug you.

You!

You seem to think that I, the cat, am a completely separate creature from you.

Why are you doing the doublethink and not me?

"......, please..."

"What, you don't like me, you don't like me, you don't like me?"

"Not....... It's not like that....... You know it's not......."

"Then come on, come on!"

At some point, there is such a thing.

You'll find that you'll listen to anything our paktong says.

This isn't how we're supposed to be, but at some point it's completely reversed and I can't do anything about it!

What the hell went wrong and where?

Eventually.

That.......

Well, just like that.......

I got all cuddly.



* * *



Late at night.

Allied Garrison.

Cernstadt military headquarters barracks.

Louise von Schwarz was sifting through a pile of papers by the light of a single lamp.

In combat, Louise von Schwarz was busy fighting and commanding, and in non-combat situations, she was busy looking at the overall picture of the army.

The higher up you go in the organization, the harder it is to get a proper break from both mental and physical work.

Ellen Artorius and Saviolin Tanada are busy with their physical work.

If anyone is busy thinking, it's the Imperial Emperor Bertus de Gradias.

But Louise von Schwarz is also a personal mastermind who has reached the level of commander in chief.

As such, she was, in some ways, the busiest person in the entire Alliance.

Heinrich von Schwarz kept an eye on Louise's busy schedule, even after the occupation of Serandia ended.

Heinrich had already seen what the war had done to the Royal Class garrison.

It was a disaster, but in the end, the survivors survived and something had to be done.

Now.

Heinrich von Schwarz was at Louise's side, staring at her until his eyeballs bled.

Even though it's way past my bedtime.

The sound of shuffling papers echoed quietly in the command center barracks.

In fact, Heinrich looking at the paperwork doesn't make things any faster.

But the documents themselves paint a picture of the situation in Cernstadt County as a whole.

Troop status, supply status, supply plans, minimum winterization needs, etc.

The documentation is valuable in and of itself.

Louise looks up from her papers to the side of the water.

The eye is straining, but there is no focus.

Louise knows now.

I realize my son is bad at using his brain.

Seeing numbers doesn't mean memorizing them.

It's about deciding what's needed, what's not enough, what's enough, and how to use limited supplies and troops. It's also about figuring out whether or not the reports of each departing commander are true.

It does this by reading the line spacing between numbers.

But Heinrich's behavior is too intuitive, as if he's just trying to memorize numbers.

It's just too cluttered.

Also, because it's cute.

Louise looked like she was about to burst out laughing.

Of course, she's not disappointed.

If there's one thing that's great, that's it.

There are a lot of people who don't even have that.

Heinrich doesn't do this because he knows he's the true heir to the Schwarz family.

It's not that they're doing it because they're ambitious and they need to know this.

Just trying to be helpful.

Louise knows she's only doing this out of the kindness of her heart.

So it's kind of sweet to see them trying to force themselves to do something they don't know how to do.

"Why don't you go in and get some rest, you must be tired."

"......is still good."

There's still no personal conversation between the two.

But slowly, something is changing.

If this is what it takes for this war to end.

I wonder if it could be a normal parent-child relationship later on.

Louise thought it was funny.

They're not exactly what you'd call ordinary, but that's what they both want in the end.

And Louise hasn't yet told her son the full story.

"...... is the youngest."

"What?"

"My friends' work is....... That's too bad."

Louise was also informed of the situation at the Royal Class Garrison.

It's none of her business, but she knows Heinrich cares, and she's heard the news.

Death and injury are not uncommon on the battlefield, but I can't imagine how anyone could be comfortable with what their friends went through.

At Louise's words, Heinrich seemed a little dazed, and then he smiled bitterly.

"What can I say......."

It was a mixture of self-help and despondency.

Even if you do everything you can, some things are inevitable.

It was sad, but I could see he was trying not to think too deeply.

It hurts to think about it, so we turn away from it, like running away.

"Thank you, sister."

Heinrich smiles wryly and looks at his papers.

In conclusion.

Louise is thrilled to see this side of her son.

The cold hard truth is that it doesn't help.

Just as he had not been able to rest for a long time, his son had not been able to rest for a long time.

This winter will probably be the last break.

"Not everyone is allowed to do this, but you know there are those who are allowed to return to the ecliptic or their homeworlds for the winter."

"It's ......."

As long as your hometown is safe, you should have that premise.

During this long break, the Allies were selectively giving long furloughs to those who wanted to go back and rest.

"Go back to your templates for now."

"Is that ......?"

Heinrich looks at Louise with a dumbfounded expression on his face, as if he's been told something out of the blue.

"It means take a break and come back. The big fight is over, you haven't had a long rest, and you deserve it."

The unexpected vacation order left Heinrich a little frozen.

"I'm fine, sister. Just in case something happens......."

His desire to stay in case of an emergency is admirable.

Louise doesn't just want her son to have a break.

"The king will be making an inspection soon."

"!"

The man you knew as your father, but was actually your grandfather.

Constantin von Schwarz will soon make his inspection as the battlefield situation stabilizes.

After all, Louise von Schwarz is the commander of the Cernstadt army, not the king.

"I have some explaining to do to the king, and it will be a very uncomfortable and dangerous place for you, Heinrich. It will be an uncomfortable and dangerous position for you, Heinrich."

A sister who faked the disappearance and murder of two brothers is approaching the moment when she must explain what happened to her father.

There's no telling if they'll ever be found.

But there's nothing good about having Heinrich in that position. Whether the truth comes out or not.

"So, that means stay away."

It's a quick getaway in the guise of a vacation.

For a vacation, for an escape.

In the end, it was Louise's consideration that led her to return to the temple.

"Sister....... Is that okay?"

"...... should be fine."

It must be terrible for her, to kill her siblings, to remain silent, to tell the truth, but she only says it briefly.

But Heinrich understood that forcing himself to stay by her side would not help her in the upcoming inspection.

"Again, it's not about inspections. It's about rest."

Heinrich is no stranger to long hours.

Even Heinrich wasn't among the superhumans who could enchant.

But he was more active than most, so it was clear that his fatigue was building up.

Louise thinks vaguely.

Temples.

If only I could see it with my own eyes.

I couldn't wait to see where my son had spent his life.

But the wind is the wind, and she had an awful lot of work to do.

This winter.

Heinrich will rest when the fight is far away.

However, Louise von Schwarz's place is here.

You never know.

Maybe after this war is over, I'll be able to set foot in the temple myself.





Episode 568.





Alchemy and black magic.

Undead and Alchemy.

I can't figure out what the relevance is, and Herriot can't figure it out either.

The decision was made to call Sarkegar, the Allied garrison, the Temple, and Herriot decided to meet with the Senate to try and deduce if there was any significant connection between the clues.

Antirrhinus, Gazoo of Toyo.

And Friday's gazoo, Lerouen.

Both vampire clans have been studying alchemy for a very long time.

As such, we can make some inferences about what the Empire is trying to do through the Lord Vampires.

We don't know whether Sarkeghar will break into the lab first, or whether he'll come up with a likely deduction at the Senate meeting.

In conclusion, we need to know what possibilities the empire is exploring.

If it helps the war effort, that's great, but it's also important to determine if it's going to be a threat to us in the future.

And.

"ugh......."

I was back in Ellen's room after a long night.

After being turned into a cat and captured by Herriot, he arrived at the ecliptic as a cat because he knew he would only be turned back into a cat if he returned to his human form.

The time is morning.

Even in winter, the morning sun was warm on Ellen's face.

Ellen is lying on her back, her eyes wide open, and she stretches as if she's struggling.

It stretched, almost writhing, as if trying to wake a dead body.

Standing up straight from head to toe, Ellen begins to shiver.

-Burr

No, you're not going to break something while stretching, are you?

He's twitching?

"Ugh....... ugh......."

Ellen stretches out on her belly for a while, her eyes wide as a horse's, and then looks around.

Are you looking for me?

-Angel

"......."

Ellen picked me up from where I was sitting on the bed without batting an eyelid, placed me on her chest, and hugged me to her.

That.......

Now, let's be honest.

Get used to.......

This feeling, I'm not even embarrassed anymore.......

Sorry.......

"Good night......."

-Hello!

No.

Yum!

Isn't that the flow?

Ellen closed her eyes and slept for another two hours.



* * *



Ellen was shriveled up like a jellyfish.

It's nice to see you completely relaxed.

What to say.

It's like a human porridge(?).

Ellen opened her eyes groggily and found me sitting there, unwashed, hugging a pillow and glaring at me.

It's a complete mess, and it's not like he's a human....... So, yeah.

Because the kid who's always been Carl is a mess....... He's just cute.......

Without saying anything.

One minute he's touching my head, the next my waist.

He tapped me on the bridge of my nose.

He buried his face in the nape of my neck, mouth agape.

I felt like a knitter whose only job was to stare at cats all day.

Are you even hungry?

-Snicker

I keep getting that sound.

Ellen stared at me blankly, as if she couldn't be bothered to eat.

Hey, this isn't broken, is it?

It's not broken, is it?

Is this one of those things where you have to get rid of the cat for the greater good? Isn't Ellen going to be one of those people where the cat is the only thing that's bothering her?

In the end, it's just a bunch of people looking at each other.

I've seen him scoop up cats and roll around in bed on his own.

It's nice to see that Ellen still has a bit of her normal self left, after all.

It's not that you've changed, but you can be a child for as long as you want to be.

Still, you can't do that all day, after all.

-cough

My stomach has been rumbling for a while now, but I just keep rolling around.

"I'm hungry......."

Stop mumbling and go eat!

Eventually, torn between annoyance and the realization that I needed to get up, I punched Ellen in the cheek a few times.

-pakpak!

"????"

-Cat!

After a few slaps, Ellen's eyes widen and she glares at me.

Ellen's cheeks flared as if to say, "Go for it.

The nudge backfired.

Do you want to get in trouble?

-Haah!

"......Okay."

Finally, as if she understood, Ellen staggered to her feet and headed for the shower.



* * *



Ellen got up, washed up, changed into her normal clothes, and went out into the hallway.

By the time I realized I'd been idle, it was already close to lunchtime. Ellen walked down the hallway, checking to see if I was following.

Apparently, he's going to eat my lunch while he eats his own.

Class A dorms were different from yesterday.

"......Heinrich?"

"Uh, Ellen."

Somehow, there was Heinrich, who seemed to have just arrived.

"I decided to stay here for the winter, too."

"I see."

Heinrich looked at me and nodded as if he knew what was going on. It looks like we'll be getting a few of these over the winter.

At this rate, I'm sure we'll all be back in Temple in a few years.

Ellen pointed her finger down the hallway, not toward the dormitory dining hall.

"We can eat in the ballroom, the dorms are all closed."

"Oh....... Yeah, I guess so, come to think of it."

Heinrich walked after Ellen, as if Ellen's explanation had convinced him that he should eat as well.

How is the situation at the Cernstadt military garrison?

Once I realized that Louise von Schwarz would never kill Heinrich, I was relatively unconcerned.

Heinrich's expression didn't seem to shade too much, so it didn't seem like there was anything too noteworthy.

I don't know about you, Louise von Schwarz, but I thought you were pretty blunt.

Surprisingly, it doesn't seem to squeak.

Honestly, Heinrich's problem is not something I need or want to care about anymore.

"You're the only one in our dorm, right?"

Heinrich is a member of the Cernstadt army, so he's probably not aware of the Royal Class situation. Of course, he knows everything he needs to know.

"Yes."

"Class B?"

"Ludwig, Detomorian, Christina, Anna, and Louis. That's five. There might be more, but I don't know."

"That's quite a lot, there."

"Yes."

Ludwig had no choice, but Heinrich seemed pretty surprised that there were five returnees from the B class.

"By the way, did you like....... by the way?"

Heinrich said, looking back and forth between me and Ellen.

"It's cute."

Ellen paced, then let out a sharp breath.



* * *



The trio of researchers were not in the banquet room at lunch. They probably headed to the university research building after breakfast.

Unsurprisingly, there was no Ludwig on guard duty, and Detomorian was nowhere to be seen, having gone off to do his own thing.

"Hmm?"

Heinrich scratched his head as he realized that there were five of them in the dorm, but none of his classmates except for the seniors.

"Where did everyone go?"

Heinrich asked, sitting across from Ellen as she picked up her meal.

"Ludwig's in the Guard, three of them seem to be doing some sort of magical research, and Detomorian has....... He's got his own thing going on."

The other four might, but does Ellen even know what the Dettomorians are doing? Heinrich narrowed his eyes at her comment.

"Guards? In that condition?"

"Yes."

"Is ...... okay?"

Heinrich muttered under his breath, wondering if he'd ever be able to do guard duty with his body, even if he was superhuman.

He seemed to think I was a terrible person.

"I don't think he's going to do anything that would put him in danger....... that would be dangerous."

He's less powerful, but as long as he has access to enchantments, and as long as he's as skilled as Ludwig, he's not going to be taken down by anything.

In fact, no matter what the level of the Guard is, Ludwig will be able to do what a platoon, not a squad, of Guardsmen can do with his left arm alone.

They don't call it spare the rod for nothing.

From the moment Ludwig is assigned, he's already among the elite.

Heinrich ate, and I ate the scrambled eggs that Ellen had made.

Taking things for granted is dangerous because it's become so normalized that you don't think about it anymore.

By the way, Ellen is back and so is Heinrich.

With the return of Erhina Kaeir and others, the old Temple vibe will return, but it will be a limited respite.

"Hmmm......."

Heinrich wondered what he was thinking, even in the middle of a meal.

"What's wrong?"

At Ellen's question, Heinrich shook his head.

"No....... I thought I was just hanging out here."

"......?"

"Ludwig is also doing guard duty in that body, and I think it's a bit much for me to be playing......."

No.

If you're here to rest, you'll rest. Why are you trying to copy someone who isn't resting?

When you need to take a break, just take a break!

If you're not going to take a break, why are you back here in the first place?

By the way.

"I was about to make my move."

Ellen nodded, as if she'd been thinking about it.

I wondered why I was so saggy today.

Ellen, were you trying to drive and then do something?

Apparently, in Ellen's mind, this was her last day off.

For some reason, it's been flopping around like crazy.

Ellen takes a bite of her sausage and says

"I was thinking of doing a lap of the Outer Rim tomorrow, and you can take half of it."

"Oh, okay, let's do that then."

He wants to work as soon as he gets back.

And the one who puts him to work right away.

-Cat!

"Do you want to come with me?"

-Hello!

It was my favorite thing to watch, a beast of prey.



* * *



Edina, capital of Razak, royal castle.

Senate Chamber.

"Black magic and alchemy. They're practically inseparable."

As soon as I shared the clues Reinhardt had given me, Antrianus, the head of Toyo, smiled sinisterly.

That's a total of six in this spot.

They were Lord Vampire Five and the scribe Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

I didn't need any more. The topic of this meeting is magic, high magic.

At Antrianus' words, Herriot hummed and twisted his lips.

"It's not indivisible, is it?"

"Doesn't even a scribe know that any magic, when it comes to reaching its peak, requires the blending of disciplines?"

"I know, but......."

"A spell to summon a meteor is impossible to implement without a simultaneous understanding of numerous magical systems, and alchemy and black magic are no different."

As with any magic, when taken to the extreme, it's not just a mix of two disciplines, it's a mix of multiple disciplines.

In that sense, we might as well call all magical systems inextricably linked.

"But we need to know what the Empire is trying to do, not theories and concepts. For one thing, we know they're stealing the bodies of heroes and warriors from the past, just as we took the ashes of saints and reanimated them into Death Knights to power them. Something like that."

At that, Elise's mouth went still.

"Creating higher undead similar to Deathknights doesn't necessarily require the power of alchemy, warlocks are sufficient, Scribe. But the fact that alchemy was used means....... I wouldn't call it simple, but it does mean something different is going on than simple undeadification."

At that, Galarsh crosses his arms and mutters.

"But just because an alchemist is helping doesn't necessarily mean that alchemy has anything to do with it. It's entirely possible that they're working on something else entirely."

In the end, only Christina confirmed that an alchemist was involved.

"And that kid, the alchemist, can't necessarily only do alchemy."

While Anna helped create Moonshine, it's not a product of black magic.

Likewise, it is certainly possible that Christina is assisting in the research with her knowledge of black magic, not alchemy.

Is it really a collaboration of two magical worlds?

Is it an entirely separate study.

Or is it just black magic.

"We have to think about the worst case scenario."

It was Lerouen who commented.

"Alchemy meets black magic, and the ashes are being used. And then. What the hell can we do....... Shouldn't we be thinking about that?"

"Right."

Whether or not that actually happens, you should assume the worst.

It's up to us to predict whether or not that's a threat to Edina.

There's no point in being optimistic about the situation.

"The lords of Thursdays and Saturdays have a knack for alchemy, can you think of anything?"

"Thurday's alchemy is mostly vegetative, mostly botanical. Rather pure, I'd say. Black magic or anything close to sobriety isn't really our thing....... I honestly don't know."

At Herriot's question, Lerouen shook his head.

Thursday.

Theirs is a very pure discipline of alchemy.

It is no exaggeration to say that alchemical knowledge of vegetation is now a large part of Rajak's food supply.

Knowledge of the undead, or rather, anything close to sobriety, is scarce. Alchemy is a vast field of study within the magical realm.

Lerouen didn't seem to have a clue, and Herriot stared at Antirianus nervously.

"From the Lord of Toyo......."

"Well, you're looking pretty excited about this."

"...... This may be rude, but I find it odd that the Lord of Toyo doesn't know about these things, and I do."

-nod

Everyone nodded in unison as Herriot spoke.

Alchemy related to black magic.

If it's evil, vicious, and cruel, it doesn't make sense for that perverted, four-legged vampire to not know about it.





Episode 569.





"Hehe....... What the hell do you all think I am......."

Lucinil made a face at Antirrhinus, who was obviously disappointed.

"Antirrhinus, I suspect you know more than the correct answer, and that's what's bothering me."

"That....... That....... Really?!"

Herriot couldn't help but be enlightened by Rusinil's words.

I'm more afraid of that madman because I think he might know a way to do something even more cruel and terrible than what the Empire is doing now.

In fact, Elise's already white complexion had turned a ghastly shade of purple before she heard anything.

Herriot was beginning to wonder if he'd rather not hear what Antony had to say.

Wouldn't you rather not know what strange and terrifying possibilities lie in the maw of that abyss?

"Well, maybe you should just say nothing to the Lord of Toyo......."

Herriot was newly terrified, as the story sounded more hellish than it actually was.

"Alchemy....... The last patriarch did endeavor to create the ultimate in it, the Sage Stone."

The expressions on the faces of the other four patriarchs changed.

Antirrhinian's predecessor Toyo's gazoo certainly pursued it.

"The Philosopher's Stone?"

Antrianus nodded at Herriot's words.

"I thought it was a legend, like a dragon."

A legendary on par with a dragon.

In other words, it was a bunch of hype.

"Indeed it is, since the previous patriarch failed to create the Sage Stone."

It was hard to tell from Antirrhinus's questioning look what the truth about the former Toyo's gazoo was.

But the story we're talking about isn't about the Philosopher's Stone.

"Of course, my research was a little different than his."

"What was the study?"

"For example, the study of the convergent evolution of species......."

"......convergence evolution?"

"Yes, sir."

Herriot felt like covering his ears.

"There are quite a few examples of different species having similar capabilities, like demons and humans both finding their own ways to handle mana, albeit in different ways."

"Oh, yeah......."

"It's a study of what humans will become if they continue to evolve at this rate. It was a study of what demons would be like if they continued to evolve. It was a study of what would happen if they evolved to have more and more similar features, so that they became the same thing with different roots."

"......So, how did you do it?"

"Failed."

The conclusion was so far-fetched that Herriot and the other patriarchs were dumbfounded.

But what came next was enough to shock everyone.

"To do that, you'd first have to make the growth rate of humans and demons much faster than it is now, so that there would be frequent generation changes, and since you've failed to improve the two species in that way, you'd never see the end of it, would you?"

Everyone else has no idea what Antony is talking about, but everyone in this room is a wizard.

We know what Antony meant by his words.

Lucinil stares at Antirrhinus with a trembling expression.

"......So, you were trying to improve the species itself?"

"Yes, that's right."

The idea was that humans and demons would be able to change generations quickly enough to watch the species evolve, but it failed.

In other words, it was a living experiment. Needless to say, there were live humans and demons involved.

Herriot's complexion was grim.

This is the story of Antirrhinus leaving something terrible.

It was because all the other householders heard the story and were like, "Oh, yeah.

Even Elise was a little freaked out, but not frightened.

Because everyone in this room is old enough and wizened enough to know better.

So did Antirrhinus, and so did the other road vampires.

A shiver ran down her spine at the thought of what her father, a man who shunned unclean and unholy powers, would say if he knew she was in the company of these beings.

Herriot asks nervously.

"So....... Why did you do that experiment in the first place? Was it because you wanted to be one of those....... or something like that?"

"I'm bored, I have all the time in the world, and I have nothing to do, so I'm curious, so what's the point?"

"Ah."

"So I tried it, and I just stopped because it was clear that if I could improve the species, it wouldn't be natural in the first place, so there would be no point in going that route, and evolution doesn't flow in the direction of progress, so it was a pointless experiment in the first place."

After all, Lord Vampires are immortal wizards.

I've lived a long time and I'm curious about things, so I do weird experiments, and there's no big reason for it.

Antirrhinus rambled on about his other alchemical experiments.

Experiments have been conducted to synthesize harpies and humans to create exoskeletons, or to artificially imprint magic circuits on animals to make them magical.

"We've done experiments where we've transplanted the brain of a creature into another creature."

"......Have you done all the weird shit you can think of?"

"The heterogeneous case failed, but the homogeneous case succeeded."

"......No, it worked?"

Sometimes, I've done things that would have been outrageous and succeeded.

In human terms, that's like saying you switched brains from different humans and they came to life.

"Of course, the downside was that no matter how long you lived, you never lived more than a day."

There were some failed experiments, some semi-successful experiments, and quite a few successful ones.

As it turns out, Antirrhinus was a mad wizard.

A wizard who has dabbled in all manner of strange and terrible things.

That's Antony.

And it didn't come as a surprise to anyone. Everyone nodded in agreement that that's what Antony would have done, and Herriot was no exception, even if he was appalled by the story itself.

It's just a guy who seems like a guy doing a guy thing.

I've done a lot of things over the years that deserve to be hung and burned if I touch one.

Antirrhinus was right when he said that alchemy and black magic were inextricably linked.

The experiment itself was black magic in the first place, and I almost always resorted to black magic to make it work.

"Of course, I've experimented with creating a demand lord."

Antrianus looks at Lucinil with a wry smile.

"......itis."

"You're not surprised, are you?"

"It's like you would do something like that. No, it's weird that you wouldn't."

"I can't believe you realize how much I love the Lord of Demand......."

"Shut up."

Lucinil clicked her tongue, as if she didn't think he would.

Herriot knows.

Lucinyl was originally a product of the homunculus experiment, one of the forbidden liquors of alchemy.

When Herriot realized that Lucinil was a homunculus, he freaked out.

That's not all, he's also a vampire.

The fact that you can be a homunculus and a vampire at the same time is already something of a miracle.

"In the end, what I'm trying to say is that it's a misconception and a preconceived notion that alchemy is about potions and reagents."

"......."

"Alchemy, as practiced by the alchemists of the world, is castrated magic."

Herriot listened to Antony's explanation and understood what he was trying to say.

Reagents and potions.

Alchemy wasn't that kind of magic in the first place.

Because only acceptable levels of alchemy were permitted in the world, alchemy was watered down and tarnished from its original meaning.

"In the beginning, alchemy was a forbidden art that dealt with life."

Even the word "alchemy" already overly limits the magical nature of alchemy.

Life experiments.

In other words, Chimera.

There you have it, Homunculus.

That's pretty much the essence of alchemy.

It's only natural, then, that the magic of dealing with the dead would include alchemists, according to Antony.



* * *



Alchemy is rather life magic.

"I suppose you're saying that because you approach alchemy that way, your method is the norm, but Antony is right."

Rusinil nodded in agreement.

"Alchemy is a magical system that is inherently closer to black magic than white magic."

Alchemy is more about sobriety. Dealing with potions and reagents is a very limited and narrow aspect of alchemy, and is an oversimplification of alchemy.

"You're saying that it's very possible that what the Empire is doing now involves chimeras and homunculi?"

"It's inevitable."

Undead are technically animate in the broadest sense of the word.

So it was very likely that that branch of alchemy was being applied.

"So, are you saying you know what the Empire is doing or you don't?"

At Lucinil's question, Antrianus smiled and shrugged.

"Obviously, I didn't see it with my own eyes, so how would I know? I was merely pointing out that it's not all that unusual to have an alchemist in the mix."

The question of why Alchemist is included in the first place is already flawed.

There's nothing strange about its inclusion.

But we're back to square one. It makes sense that it's included, but we still don't know what it's doing.

"But it seems clear that the Empire is doing something."

"Good Lord....... That's a given."

There is no one in this room who doesn't know that the Empire is doing something in the first place.

So we're back to square one, and despite her fear of Antirrhinus, Herriot pokes fun at him.

"Scribe, did you not hear me?"

"The Lord of Toyo is....... did a lot of scary things......."

I can't tell you how many experiments I've done that made my skin crawl and my stomach turn.

"Scribe, what I meant to say was not that I've done so many experiments. What I meant to say was that I've 'failed' so many experiments."

"ah......."

Antirrhinus didn't do this to show off his cruelty and insanity.

They're all one-trick ponies, so it's not like they're snorting, but the other road vampires are.

So, in fact, Herriot was the only one in the room who was surprised by the story of Antony's experiment.

"Chimera and homunculus experiments usually fail. That's because life is such a precise and sophisticated system that it's not easily accessible to magic."

Antirrhinus didn't do it to show off, he did it to tell the story of his many failures.

"That's right," said Antony, "I've been studying and experimenting longer than he has, trying to build a homunculus like me, and of course I've failed."

Rusinil nodded in agreement.

Herriot wondered who made Lucinil and what happened to it, but that wasn't the point of the meeting.

Chimera and homunculus.

It is a very difficult magical system before sobriety, because it involves life.

Herriot thinks for a moment.

Antirrhinus lived a very long time, and Lucinian lived even longer.

When they both tried to study chimeras and homunculi on a given topic, they sometimes succeeded, but mostly failed.

We're at war.

There's no reason to put people and resources into something you don't know.

The Titan project was an adventure to some extent, but it had a solid rationale.

This will be no different.

"Not research or experimentation. You're doing some definite 'work' ....... Is that what you mean?"

"I suppose so."

There's a certain "way" to do something, and empire is about doing it.

It's doing something that's a definite power boost.

But that's already a homophone.

Of course, there's a way to do it, so it's no wonder the project is moving forward.

"But it's strange, the lands of the humans, let alone the Empire, are very strict about prohibition when it comes to black magic."

"Yes....... That's right."

Don't go sober for nothing.

While individual wizards are not immune to deviation, those who study forbidden magic are naturally punished severely.

"Also, the Empire didn't do any sobriety research itself; it was a nation that had a pretty good idea of magic and applied it to itself."

It's a ridiculous situation to argue about the desirability of a man who ate sobriety research and experimentation for a living, but the Empire literally wasn't a country that dabbled in sobriety through the back door.

"Something that must have involved alcohol, knowledge of it."

Antirrhinus smiles wryly.

An empire that has never dabbled too deeply in black magic and alchemy is dabbling in magical work that requires a high degree of knowledge of sobriety.

Of course, you're trying your hand at it because you know you'll succeed.

"Where the hell did that knowledge come from. Isn't that more important?"

The research itself is important, but even more important is the source of the research.

Herriot looks at Antirrhinus, his mouth agape.

Forbidden magic.

Two groups that had vast knowledge about it.

One is the Cantus Magna.

The other.

"No way....... The Empire has joined forces with the Black Order....... Is that what you're trying to say?"

Antrianus laughs at Herriot's question.

"It would be weird if it wasn't."

The suspicion of the undead went beyond the truth of the suspicion itself and suggested a completely outlandish possibility.





Episode 570.





There's no way the Empire hasn't done extensive research on black magic.

But if you're working on a very large project, that knowledge has to come from somewhere.

The Black Order has taken to the continent to deal with the Gate in their own way, and it's taken a toll.

They put most of what was left of their strength into killing the demon with a last ditch effort.

But even the swordsmen and archmages who reached the Master Class, and the last Black Order leader to reach the Master Class, were no match for the demon.

The rebels fled as soon as they realized there was no hope.

After that, the Black Order was no longer able to intervene on the continent.

But the Black Order may have lost its power, but not its knowledge.

It is possible that Black Order remnants are working with the Empire and providing knowledge. The Empire may have accepted the knowledge of sobriety because they cannot afford to hide it.

While we don't know the full extent of what the Empire is up to, we do have a suspicion of another possibility.

But in the end, we had to call it a very important harvest.

"The Black Order tried to kill you. Whatever the Empire's intentions, if this is true, it can't be good for us."

At Eleris' words, Herriot nodded.

It's not just the Empire that thinks anything that helps the war effort is good, it's Reinhardt.

If the Black Order's knowledge could help end the war, Reinhardt wouldn't want to do it.

Silent, Lerouen crosses his arms and stares out the window.

"The Empire isn't doing research, they're doing something with a clear purpose and deliverable, and it's very likely that the Black Order's knowledge is the foundation."

"The Black Order is a very old magical order, and their library of sobriety and research must be the most extensive of any magical organization in the world - next to the now defunct Akasha, I'd say."

"I wonder what the Empire is trying to do with that knowledge......."

"But before we do that, let's get something straight."

Lerouen looks at Herriot.

"You said that bodies disappeared and were replaced in the Imperial Mausoleum and the Hall of Heroes."

"Yes, my lord."

Herriot nodded.

"Are 'all' the bodies in the Hall of Heroes gone?"

At that question, Herriot shook his head.

"I'm not sure about that, because we didn't open every sarcophagus, but the ones we did open were all empty."

"Hmmm, I guess so."

Lerouen looks troubled, and Herriot shakes his head.

"My lord, does it matter?"

"Yes, definitely."

"Why?"

Lerouen shrugs.

"I don't know who specifically is buried in the Hall of Heroes, but I'm sure it's not just physically strong heroes."

Those who made it to the master class.

Warriors aren't the only ones who have excelled in their majors or left their mark on human history.

"Be specific."

Lerouen asks.

"Was the sarcophagus of Mullern, the wizard among the warriors, also empty?"

Herriot's eyes widened at that.

Hall of Heroes.

Lagan Artorius' body was never there in the first place, Charlotte said.

That means there were remains in the other sarcophagus.

Herriot had apparently opened all of the sarcophagi of the Five Champions that day, though not the others.

"Yes, apparently....... was empty."

Olivia Ranze said.

When creating a Death Knight, it's all about the basics.

It's a pretty vicious example, but Olivia is clear that you can't make Death Knight out of Herriot's body.

But it's clear that the empire isn't doing the same thing as Olivia, it's doing something completely different.

"That's pretty....... scary possibility."

The imperial family must have recovered the remains because they have a plan, something they know they can do.

"Are you saying that dead bodies can use magic?"

"Is such a thing....... possible?"

Herriot asked, his face turning white.

"It's not like the undead use magic in the first place."

Antirrhinus points to himself and looks around.

The road vampires in this spot are undead.

"I've never heard of such a thing and didn't think it was possible, but isn't it possible to create a reach?"

Resurrect a dead warrior and call him a Death Knight.

If so, it's not impossible to lich a dead mage.

This magic has never existed, but that doesn't mean it won't.

"If the Empire can resurrect all the heroes and wizards that have ever existed in human history and send them to war, then war is not the problem."

Lucinil says with a stern look.

"The Empire will have more military power than ever before."

If this assumption is true.

Humanity has been weakened.

When the project is complete, the empire will be stronger than ever.



* * *



The Senate meeting revealed nothing, and raised more suspicions.

Until now, we hadn't paid attention to who the remains of our missing heroes were.

There are indications that the Empire may be able to go beyond the Death Knight level and create a Lich.

Of the remains of the missing wizards, only Mullern has been properly identified.

This means that it is possible that the remains of great archmages were recovered along with the remains of other great archmages, many of whom reside in mausoleums such as the Hall of Heroes and the Hall of Wisdom.

What if they were all brought back to life as lich, and could use magic at the same level as when they were alive?

The Empire would have the most powerful army in history.

Elise says still.

"If the war is over and the Empire disposes of those troops, I don't know, but....... If they don't, then......."

"You can't say that there's no chance they're going to target us."

Elise's dire prediction sent chills down Herriot's spine.

It can't be.

There's no reason it shouldn't be.

It's more powerful than ever, so why let go?

We're working together unbeknownst to each other, but we both know it can't last forever.

Galarsh says.

"Whatever the Empire is up to, I may have to destroy it before it's finished."

It's a shared goal to end this war.

But we all know that world peace doesn't happen the moment a goal is realized.

The Empire's preparations will help end the war, but here's the catch.

In the end, it's a fool's errand.

I'm afraid of what will happen after this is all over, so I have to think about destroying the means that might end it all.

If left alone, the war might end more easily.

However, after the war is over, the means that made it easy to fight that war may destroy us.

So should we foolishly interfere with this?

The Demon Wars were caused by humanity's fear of demons.

Gate was also caused by fear and hatred of each other.

And now.

Again.

Everyone is put to the test.

Do you have to watch your opponent wield enormous power?

Or should we go against that plan?

None of this would have happened if you trusted your opponent.

But just as the Empire could not trust the Darklands.

Darkland, too, could not trust the Empire.



* * *



I believe that when you rest, you should rest.

I'd watch Ellen or Heinrich and think, "I can't take a break," and then realize that I can't either.

Add to that the fact that Heinrich wants to go for a spin around the ecliptic as soon as he gets back, and it's not like he's here to rest in the first place.

Come to think of it, the most dangerous place to be right now might not be the Allied garrison with its ever-present troops, but the Zodiacal Gradient. The security here is probably the worst, as is the safety of the Outer Rim.

In that sense, you might as well make sure your neighborhood is safe for the winter.

Ellen and Heinrich seemed to be planning to take a lap around the outskirts.

Ellen travels half a circle from the north end to the west.

Heinrich from the south end to the east halfway.

It was a simple agreement.

"Watch out for the guys with no fire."

"I hope so."

At the main entrance to the Temple, Ellen and Heinrich had a brief conversation before being separated.

It's not exactly an agreement with the Guard, it's an autonomous mission.

It's not like they're going to take law enforcement action in the refugee camps, they're going to go around the outskirts and if there's a dangerous monster, they're going to shoo it away and then they're going to come back.

"Um......."

Ellen stares at me as I follow her out of the temple.

Ellen wore a robe in case anyone recognized her.

Ellen hesitated, wondering if she should take me with her, but eventually pulled me into a hug.

"Let's go."

-Angel

Like Heinrich can handle flames.

Ellen can also use Rafelt's flames to destroy monsters from a distance.

Lightly, like you're going for a walk.

Ellen picked me up and we headed north of the ecliptic.



* * *



Several days had passed since Ludwig had been assigned to guard the 17th Evacuation Zone, southwest of the ecliptic.

Ludwig could not be treated as a mere guard.

And I wasn't even an official security guard now. I was told I could quit anytime I wanted to.

It's not because you lost an arm.

More than just a member of the Temple Royal class, he is a superhuman who is far beyond the average guard.

In addition to being a veteran of the Allied forces, he has remained committed to the policing of the zodiac even after being sent to the rear.

So Ludwig was very much appreciated for his willingness to do something about it, rather than for the parachute treatment.

Ludwig wanted to be treated as a mere guard, but everyone treated him harshly, regardless of his temporary rank, including the captain of the 17th Guard, to which he belonged.

Now, however, Ludwig was facing a troubled-looking guard captain at the headquarters of the 17th Guard, one of the few intact buildings in the evacuation zone.

"You mean support for the marauders?"

"Yes, sir."

"umm......."

Ludwig's words made the captain of the guard uncomfortable.

A few days into his assignment, Ludwig was itching for another assignment.

Swarm missions.

A guard that patrols the outskirts of the ecliptic and fights monsters directly.

Ludwig told the captain of the guard that he wanted to take the job.

Since the lynch mob was not under the jurisdiction of the 17th Guards and was part of a completely different chain of command, Ludwig was asking to be assigned to a different unit altogether.

"We need your help here too, Ludwig. You know that, don't you?"

"......, I'm pretty sure I know that."

"I thought you understood that the work here is not to be taken lightly."

"No, I'm not ignoring what's going on here......."

Ludwig isn't just saying this because he wants to fight monsters.

As with all Zodiac Guards, the one in the refugee zone is very understaffed and needs Ludwig.

Ludwig isn't ignoring the work on this side of the world.

"The work here is making me....... too difficult."

"......."

Crime.

Immediate judgment and action must be taken from time to time for crimes involving humans.

It's almost a lawless zone, and it's not uncommon for guards to be attacked.

Over the past few days, Ludwig has seen the immediate action at the hands of the guards take the form of summary execution.

No trial, no process.

The security situation is so volatile that the guards are given more than a modicum of autonomy.

Ludwig found it challenging to have to take immediate action in such a situation.

Is your judgment right?

Ludwig wasn't so sure.

When you're fighting a monster, you don't need that kind of judgment.

Monsters are evil.

So kill it.

But whether or not refugees who commit crimes really did something wrong, and if that's the case, whether or not we should forgive them because they can't help it.

You never know when your actions will result in the death of an innocent person, or when your poor judgment will land an innocent person in jail.

Work isn't worthless.

It's too hard for me.

Ludwig knows he's not very smart.

You may be wrong.

That's what was killing Ludwig.

Fighting monsters may be hard, but it doesn't have to be a headache.

"I can't do that."

"......."

"You know that the higher-ups won't accept your request, Ludwig."

The Emperor has a seat for you.

If you want to go somewhere dangerous, you're not going to be able to go there, even if you've been told not to.

Ludwig is not a parachute. But he's not a parachutist either.

So Ludwig can't get out of this one.

If you continue to deny the Emperor's favor, you may even be burned in the temple.

I may not even be able to do this.

"......OK."

In the end, Ludwig had no choice but to stay and trust his own shaky judgment.





Episode 571.





Ludwig never liked to kill.

Technically, they're afraid of it.

Still, Ludwig fought because he felt it was the right thing to do.

Ludwig is such a person.

If you have a clear, defined goal, you don't hesitate to run toward it. Even if you're afraid of it, you stay the course.

But.

Ludwig is lost in a problem that doesn't have a straightforward answer.

Until now, Ludwig has relied on his friends to help him with such problems.

Delfin Izadra.

Lanyon Sesor.

Scarlett and Louis Ankton, of course.

The other classmates in B judged me.

Someone made the judgment call for him, and Ludwig went on his way.

But Ludwig is now alone.

And I had to face questions with no clear answers.

In the vagueness of living well, there are no rules and no theories.

So Ludwig didn't know whose hand to raise among those living in vague despair.

There has never been a reason to build such a thing.

Ludwig's justice is nothing more than the punishment of a manifest evil.

The culprit behind all of this.

A monster that seeks to destroy humans.

Where there was an obvious enemy, Ludwig's unbreakable will shone through.

But places like this.

In the chaos, where everyone was neither good nor evil, in the refugee camps, where everyone was just trying to survive, Ludwig didn't know what to choose.

Ludwig thought the battlefield was terrible.

-One more piece! Give me one more piece!

But what a horrible sight it was to see them fighting over a mere slice of bread.

Ludwig walked through a refugee neighborhood of shacks with a guard patrol.

Ludwig has to get used to the smell of poverty, stench, and hunger that permeates everything like grime.

The outfits of the guards were the placenta, hiding in the alleyways of the shacks.

If you're honest, there's no reason to hide.

Are they all guilty of something, or are they planning to commit a sin?

Ludwig gritted his teeth as he watched the adults and children retreat into silence.

No way.

In the lawlessness of the refugee camps, the guards treat most sins with the utmost severity.

Even if I hadn't done anything wrong, I would have avoided it for that reason.

In fact, while talking to Ludwig, I saw a guard on patrol slap a young boy on the cheek for bumping into him.

Ludwig froze as he watched the boy scramble across the floor, his cheeks popping and the corner of his mouth bleeding.

I didn't know what to say to the guard, who smiled sheepishly at me, saying he was being gentle in front of Ludwig.

When Ludwig realized that it was actually a slap on the wrist, he was at a loss for words.

It was a pain in the ass to look at.

Ludwig is currently accompanied by two guards.

"Hmmm......."

Thorntine, the senior soldier, stops in the street and stares off into the distance.

"I think we should go over there."

Beyond the shack, a guard points in a certain direction.

"Is there....... anything?"

"I smell meat grilling."

"Yeah, I think there's smoke, and I don't know why......."

The guard shrugs at Ludwig, who doesn't understand.

"Why would meat be here?"

"......."

Ludwig wasn't so sure he understood what she meant.



* * *



After a while.

"Oof! Oof!"

The skeletal remains stared at the ground with sunken eyes, while the guards clicked their tongues at the vomiting Ludwig.

"It's not uncommon."

The other guards are neither surprised nor appalled.

I'm hungry, so I eat.

It's a no-brainer.

For those who are cornered, cannibalism is sometimes the only option.

The guard's nonchalant attitude.

And the salivating stares as the guards watched the spilled contents from afar.

Ludwig looked at them and gritted his teeth.

This is.

Beyond the hard stuff.

It was painful.



* * *



Cannibalism is punishable by death.

You can't forgive them for that, no matter how starved they are.

If there is no punishment for the behavior because it was an unavoidable choice, it's not that people shouldn't do it in the future, it's that they shouldn't get caught.

In that case, cannibalism becomes the norm in the evacuated areas.

We don't kill because we hate sin, because it is an unforgivable evil.

Some sins could destroy the entirety of this refugee colony.

Ludwig knew that the refugee zone needed help.

When you thought there was something you could do.

He felt that he could find a sense of purpose in that small task.

"......."

But where is the smallness in this?

Some may decide that this is better than risking your life on the battlefield.

Ludwig found the battlefield easier.

It was more comfortable.

This terrible place, where everyone was the enemy of everyone because of a single enemy: hunger, was the most difficult place for Ludwig to work.

I want to run away.

For almost the first time in his life, Ludwig had such a thought in his head.



* * *



Ludwig realized with his own eyes how ridiculous it was that troops were not starving in an Allied garrison.

I couldn't help but wonder why the Allies kept replenishing their ranks.

You might not starve until you're trampled to death by a monster's feet.

For now, the soldiers in the Serandia Alliance garrison will remain comfortable during the winter months.

I couldn't help but feel how important that "eating" was in the matter of livelihood.

There's only one problem.

Hunger.

But the many offshoots of that problem don't boil down to a single cannibalization.

"...... What is this?"

"I don't know."

Ludwig felt an indescribable sense of revulsion when he saw what Sontaine had brought back from rummaging through the shack, bits and pieces of bones frozen together.

You don't even know which bones are which.

There was a lot of mumbling in one corner of the shack, and a guard, sensing something was amiss, went into the shack and brought it back.

Seven people were praying to this bone idol in a small shack.

Not surprisingly, it doesn't resemble any of the gods' holy names.

Heresy prevails.

The Mercenary Church, which believes in Ellen Artorius, cannot be treated as a heresy.

But it wasn't just the warrior religion, strange and unexplained superstitions were popping up all over the refugee camps.

"Demon worshippers?"

One of the guards spoke to the kneeling members of the cult.

"Oh, no, we believe in Esta, our soon-to-be-manifest savior......."

Heretics who believe in an unidentified god.

"For salvation is coming soon......."

Ludwig felt like he was being unraveled.

"What shall they do?"

"You don't have to kill them all."

Does this mean we're sparing them?

-Poof!

"Off....... off......."

No, he was talking about killing only one person.

"Don't believe in heresy."

With those words, the guard turned away.

They don't die because of some law.

One guard.

People's lives hinge on that guard's judgment.

-Damned bastards.......

-Heaven forbid.

Curses were hurled at the backs of Ludwig and his companions as they turned, and the other guards walked away without even responding, as if they were used to it.



* * *



It's best not to think of them as people.

A senior guard who was deciding whether to kill or spare the refugees.

The words were spoken by Sonthein, a member of Ludwig's gunnery guard at this point.

"You might as well think of it as a bug."

"But how can......."

Then I fought to defend the worms, and lost my arm.

I've lost a few friends, and I've lost a few men, defending the bugs.

How does it make sense that the guards here would so easily stomp on their loved ones as if they were bugs?

The Allies are dying for nothing but bugs.

Who are you to judge such things?

Ludwig felt like he was about to burst into tears, but he couldn't bring himself to say it.

Or whatever.

What to do.

It's no secret that none of this happens when their hunger is satisfied.

I wonder if all this is happening because we can't solve it.

The answer is easy.

But there's no way to answer that.

"If you don't think that way, you can't do the job."

Sontaine looks around.

As the adults and children duck for cover, Thorntine speaks up.

"We think of them as bugs, and they think of us as monsters."

Bug-killing monsters.

Guards were just that here.

"Don't go easy on them."

"......."

"I can't tell you how many guys have gone to the goal."

Guards are a collection of monsters.

Refugees don't like guards who kill them like dogs.

I can't count the number of guards who have been stabbed to death because they thought they were different from the others.

Just as the guards summarily execute the refugees, the refugees kill the guards.

The guards treat the refugees badly, the refugees take revenge on the guards, and the guards become even more extreme in their behavior.

That chain of hatred is what is happening in the refugee camps now.

Ludwig nodded grimly at Sonthein's words.



* * *



Well-crafted laws don't stay well-crafted.

As long as there is power to uphold the law, the law can be upheld.

The criteria can be vague.

It doesn't have to be fair.

It doesn't matter if the law has become so vague that it can't even be called a law.

Laws, no matter how fair and great they are, are not trustworthy unless there is an authority, a force, to enforce them.

Therefore, the basis of the law itself lies in its power, not in its perfection.

The refugee zone was a stark reminder of that reality.

There has to be a tipping point at some point in this situation where we're just using violence to keep the refugees down.

At some point, the anger and hatred of the refugees will cross a threshold where they can be suppressed by force, and the state will be overthrown.

Laws, deprived of the only force that sustains them, will become meaningless and chaos will reign.

Hunger.

Cannibalization.

Ethan.

Murder of the guards.

And.

Attacks on guards.

-Pak!

-Die, you devils!

Ludwig catches a fist-sized rock flying toward his face with his left hand and watches as the boy disappears into an alley, shouting hateful words.

For a moment, Thornton is amazed at Ludwig's reflexes. He looks calmly into the alley.

"Chasing?"

"It's okay, I'm the one who got attacked."

-Well, now there's an asshole guard!

Ludwig smiled bitterly as he heard the echo of the boy calling out to him in the alley.

And it's not just the direct attackers.

Gazing at themselves in the gaps of shacks, in alleys.

I can feel the murder and hatred in his gaze.

No matter how arbitrarily the guards beat and kill someone, the stare itself is not punishable.

It's not because you can't see the guilt in their eyes.

We can't do that, because if we kill everyone who looks at us like that, we'll have to push the refugee camps out of existence.

Ludwig shakes his head as he grabs the rock that flew at him.

If he gets used to it, Ludwig, like the other guards, will have to kill refugees.

At the end of the probationary period, Ludwig should also participate in these private sanctions.

I wonder if we can do something like that.

Is it okay to do this?

Ludwig didn't think he could handle this, no matter how much he thought about it.

Fighting was not allowed, and what could be done was to beat, subdue, and sometimes kill the helpless in the name of law and order.

You might as well go back to the temple and stay in your dorm.

Or find something else to do elsewhere.

Ludwig would eventually come to that conclusion.

But leaving doesn't make the tragedy here go away.

Turning away because it's too much to bear is never the right thing to do.

We don't know what's right, but Ludwig had to know that much.



* * *



Patrolling is literally walking from place to place, identifying anomalies on the street and taking action on the spot.

Sontaine's patrols, led by Ludwig, weren't necessarily violent, killing refugees.

Retrieving bodies left in an alley and determining the identity of the deceased.

Mediating to prevent petty arguments from escalating into violence.

Watching for thieves at a food distribution site.

Ask refugees what's going on in the streets to get a sense of the overall situation in the area and if there are any organized criminal groups.

Then there was the case of a child crying in the street because she had lost her mom, and we brought her safely to her parents.

While many evacuees feared and disliked the guards, others did not.

'If this is all you do, you'll be fine.......'

Ludwig smiled as he watched the child run back to him, holding his mother's hand and waving wildly.

Executing refugees was an extreme situation and not something that happened very often.

Some things were trivial, and some things were important and had to be done.

It wasn't all doom and gloom.

Ludwig wandered the streets with Sonntein until the patrol was over.

"That's a restricted area. You don't have to patrol it."

"You have the line ......, right?"

Ludwig saw that there was a cordon down a certain alleyway.

It was like they had closed off a whole section of the site.

Ludwig watched as a grayish smoke billowed skyward from inside a certain area.

It's clear that there's a fire.

"Is there a good reason for a lockdown?"

"There's an epidemic going around."

"......Pandemic?"

"It's not uncommon. We have epidemics all the time."

"Isn't it dangerous, if there's an epidemic with people this close together......."

No matter how much we locked down, if the pandemic started to spread, we would have a huge problem.

It's not going to end with one or two people dying, it's going to be thousands.

No, it's not the pandemic in the first place.

"Shouldn't the priests come to....... shouldn't they be here?"

It is the role of the priests to cure diseases.

Even if you can only afford to heal one or two wounds, priests should be brought in for big problems like epidemics.

But the priests don't come because they're just closing off the plague zone.

At Ludwig's words, Sontaine stares at the smoke from the cordoned off area.

It was clearly smoke from burning bodies.

"The power to cure disease is the power of Tuan, the god of purity."

"Then the priests of Tuan will be able to......."

"A lot of them are dead."

"What?"

"You know how you're treated now......."

"ah......."

"Still, it shouldn't have been this bad, but the worse it gets, the more people hate the priests of Tuan and Alth, as well as all the priests of the Five Great Houses."

The two gods who granted the demon a holy object.

The persecution of their faith had been intensifying since the Gate incident.

Priests would come to treat epidemics and provide relief to refugees, but the hatred of them had already reached a fever pitch.

The people who need help hate the people who will help them.

So when Tuan's priests enter this massive refugee camp during the plague, they have to worry about getting home alive.

Ludwig could not help but realize from Sontag's words that the number of priests who had actually died was countless.

As a result, priests were not allowed to enter the refugee camps.

The epidemic goes unchecked.

"Of course, it's a big problem if left alone, so we've sent out a request for assistance to the Crusaders, so the plague cleanup will be handled by priests with hidden identities. They'll be a little slow to respond, but that doesn't mean they won't."

"......I see."

In order to save people, you have to hide who you serve.

"I'll call it a night on patrol, and you can go home now. I'll report to the captain of the guard."

"Ah....... Got it, thanks."

"Mr. Ludwig."

Sontaine calls out to Ludwig as he turns to leave.

"...... You don't have to do this."

You're not the right person for this job.

The implication was that someone who had returned from a glorious job shouldn't have to do something so miserable and disgusting, and Ludwig had no answer.



* * *



Ellen and Heinrich decided to split up to patrol the outlying areas, north and south.

The bottom line is that Ellen never made it outside the ecliptic.

Ellen returned to the temple, her face white with panic, and set me down on the bed in her arms.

"......."

-Angel

No one recognized Ellen because she was wearing a hoodie, but everyone saw her hugging her cat.

Honestly, it wasn't unexpected at all.

Kids on the street say, "Sis, can I have that?

Can't you give it to me?

Hungry.

Ellen's face turned pale as she followed him around.

They did.

When a group of grown men and women tried to sneak up on her with their mouths watering, Ellen turned on them.





Episode 572.





It never occurred to Ellen that her small, cute cat might be considered food by someone else.

It's unlikely that Ellen didn't know about hunger in refugee camps.

However, since the Gate incident, Ellen has been repeatedly entering and leaving the battlefield via mass teleportation.

That's why we've spent so little time in the ecliptic since the Gate incident.

He is now a member of the Allied forces.

By the look on his face, it's clear that this is the first time he's entered the refugee zone today.

This is the first time I've ever seen a body, adult or child, starved to death, not killed by a monster, but left to die of starvation.

They're not surprised because of me, they're surprised because it's too much for them to handle.

Ellen stood there for a long moment with me sitting on the bed, wondering what I was thinking.

"I'll go by myself."

Ellen patted me on the head and left the room.

Unlike Ellen, I had seen the conditions in the refugee camps firsthand, but I sensed that they were worse than before.

There would be less food to feed the army and less rations to go to the refugee camps, so hunger would only increase.

I wondered if we were in the midst of a plague or something, and I saw the occasional person who looked sick, but not from hunger.

The divine power of Tuan, the God of Purity, is needed, but the refugees hate Tuan and the Order of Als.

Maybe your priests aren't doing their job.

The question of what to eat.

It's winter there.

There will be countless people who will starve, freeze, and die of disease.

The dense population of the ecliptic has surpassed 100 million.

The number of people who die of starvation or freeze to death on the ecliptic over the course of a winter is likely to exceed 10 million units.

It's a shame, and it's hopeless.

But that's not something I can fix.

The population of the ecliptic alone is ten times that of the entire Edina Archipelago.

Edina's food situation is better than the ecliptic, but it's not exactly relaxed.

The same goes for food surpluses.

If there's enough food in Edina to feed tens of millions of refugees, there's no way to get it to the ecliptic.

I can't feed the hunger here.

What I can do.

No, I don't know if you can or not, but what you can try is to get to the end of the gate situation.

What happened next was something I would have to think about later.



* * *



Heinrich and Ellen were out on patrol, and Heinrich was the first to return to his dorm.

-Angel

"Hmm?"

He shook his head when he saw me wandering around without Ellen.

"I thought you were trying to take me to ......?"

Heinrich did not appear to be injured. There aren't many monsters in the ecliptic, and if there were, they wouldn't pose a threat to Heinrich.

It's like that.

If an orc shows up on the outskirts of the ecliptic and starts rampaging, a few dozen refugees will die in a hilarious fashion, but Heinrich can dispose of it with a wave of his hand.

"Hah......."

Heinrich looks out the window and sighs.

To get around the outskirts, he would have had to enter the refugee zone, and he would have seen the same thing that Ellen saw today.

So I couldn't help but make that face.

About two hours after Heinrich's return.

It wasn't until close to dinnertime that Ellen returned to her dorm.

He's coming back safely, of course, but I can't help but feel a little reassured.

A ballroom in the evening.

There were other students, but Ellen and Heinrich and the returning Ludwig and Detomorian were the only two sophomores.

The three researchers rarely return from the lab.

Detomorians have a bad complexion by nature.

Ellen has a bad complexion because of what happened today.

Heinrich has a bad complexion because he sees something similar to Ellen.

Ludwig works for the guard. So he's seen worse, or maybe he's done something terrible. Not surprisingly, he's in a bad mood.

So all four of us started dinner with a bad complexion.

My stomach is in knots.

Ellen paused as she scooped the scrambled eggs onto my dedicated plate.

"......."

A look of guilt flashes across my face that I can't hide.

Like thinking about what a luxury it is to keep an animal when there is so much hunger.

I was thinking that Ellen could not help but think that.

Ellen looks down at me, looking like she's going to cry.

Eventually, Ellen relieved me of the scramble, making sure she couldn't starve me, and gently stroked my hair.

It was as if the hand was telling me that I had done nothing wrong.

Ellen didn't gobble it up like she did when she came back.

You feel guilty about feeding them, so it makes sense that you feel guilty about eating.

It's hard not to realize that eating well and resting is the right thing to do for people.

It just doesn't go over well.

"How was your patrol? I was too wide open to go all the way around."

Heinrich asked.

"I didn't go too far, so I didn't have any problems. What about you?"

"Me neither. I'm kind of bummed that I didn't get to do anything, but that's probably a good thing."

"Yes."

They moved to check on the situation in the outer ecliptic.

If those two just came back from slaying a bunch of monsters, there's no reason to celebrate. That means the outlying areas are dangerous enough to be infested with monsters.

That's why it's better to do nothing at all.

"Looks like we're not the only ones who thought the same thing."

"......?"

Ellen shakes her head at Heinrich's words.

"The Alliance is in good shape, which means the Empire wants to make sure the ecliptic is safe for the winter. They must be running a large mopping-up force."

"......That's great."

Definitely.

If they can think it, so can the empire.

It cannot save people from starvation, but it is pacifying the region around the ecliptic to eliminate the threat of monsters.

Ellen and Heinrich seemed to be contemplating volunteering for an extermination mission to patrol the outskirts of the ecliptic and find and slay monsters.

Of course, Ellen thought about it and shook her head, saying she didn't think so.

Bertus wanted Ellen to rest for the winter, and he wouldn't allow it if she volunteered for a raiding mission.

Heinrich was similarly unable to participate in the lynch mob, so they decided to go their separate ways.

It never hurts to have more hands.

This can't be a bad thing, as it means that if there are any dangerous monsters running around, we can fight them off, or the ecliptic is safe.

In both cases, it seemed like they were going to try to get out to more remote areas tomorrow.

Just....... Can't we take a break?

Heinrich makes a short tongue-in-cheek comment.

"The problem is food."

What refugees are facing now is not monsters, but hunger.

A monster in a refugee camp can kill hundreds of people in an instant, but starvation slowly kills tens of millions.

Everyone knows what the real enemy is.

However, you can't kill what you can't knock down.

You can kill monsters, but you don't know how to kill hunger.

"......."

In the silence, Ludwig struggled to eat with his left hand.



* * *



The King of Cernstadt, Constantin von Schwarz, makes an inspection as the Allies enter a period of rest.

But the king's main concern was not the inspection, but the whereabouts of the two missing princes.

Louise didn't think lying to him would work.

Even the princes' own entourage is suspicious of their disappearance.

And the current King of Cernstadt, Constantin von Schwarz, had already been briefed long ago.

He would have thought about it and deduced the truth.

With only Louise and Heinrich of Schwarz's royal family left alive, I had a pretty good idea of what the vice-king would guess.

Louise didn't make excuses. It wouldn't work.

I didn't even say it was unavoidable. Because you can't rationalize it.

That's why I said it myself.

"I killed it."

I told the vice king, who wanted to know the truth about my two brothers' disappearance, that I had killed them with my own hands.

And he didn't say anything.

Louise is not a talkative person to begin with.

There was no rebuke, no condemnation, no astonishment, no fear.

Constantin von Schwarz looked into his eldest daughter's face for a long time and said only one word.

"Have you nothing more to say?"

Apologize.

Excuses.

Tears.

Grief.

Guilt.

A plea or an angry rant about it all.

When her father asked her that, she nodded.

"No, I don't."

Daughters are soft-spoken because they take after their fathers.

"Yeah, okay."

Just as a daughter's inability to speak doesn't mean she doesn't think, a father's inability to speak doesn't mean he doesn't think.

In the silence, Louise was thinking, and in the silence, Constantin von Schwarz was thinking.

They were a father and daughter who had only the necessary conversations. Just like Heinrich and Louise do now.

"Where is Heinrich?"

"We've briefly reverted to the ...... template."

He knew what that meant.

We can't help but feel for Louise, who took her son into hiding because she didn't want to start a fire.

Constantine von Schwarz did not say a word about his eldest daughter's behavior in killing his two sons.

She didn't make any excuses.

Only each other can know what the other is thinking.

There are relationships that are understood without conversation, and there are relationships that are not understood without conversation.

"Your prince is dead because of Heinrich."

The father-daughter duo fell into the latter category.

Two in the hands of a son.

Two in the hands of a mother.

Heinrich von Schwarz said that for the sake of one prince, four others had to die.

The harsh words stunned Louise into silence.

"If they hadn't all laid a hand on my son, he wouldn't be dead."

A sharp word gets a sharp answer.

The two princes who tormented the young Heinrich were burned to death at the hands of Heinrich, who awakened his psychic powers.

And the two brothers who tried to assassinate Heinrich died at the hands of Louise.

We could have left Heinrich alone.

There will be harsh words, and then there will be harsh words, and then there will be irreparable words.

But Ruiz was determined.

No matter what I was told, I was going to protect my son.

So Louise looked at the silent king.

"I thought it would be a little later, earlier."

"......Yes?"

Constantin von Schwarz's words caused Louise to panic.

"He said he thought it would be sooner."

"......."

"I would have thought you would have gotten your hands on your siblings a little earlier."

Louise never thought her father would feel that way.

Constantin von Schwarz thought it would happen someday.

The child does not know the parent.

Parents don't know their children.

Parents know their children a little better than children know their parents.

So Constantin von Schwarz saw what had to happen.

I can't take it for granted, but I can't help but think it's inevitable.

"Either you're less wise than I thought, or you trusted your siblings more."

Even without Louise's explanation, Constantin von Schwarz was predicting what had happened in the Allies.

Children's strength.

Jealousy and envy.

And stupidity.

And Louise's guilt and love for her son.

Even so, it was going to happen at some point.

"Did you love your brothers?"

"......."

Louise couldn't answer.

I couldn't say I loved it or didn't love it.

I watched my daughter shed tears of unspeakable sadness, self-loathing, and guilt, unable to make a sound.

Watching my daughter with tears streaming down her cheeks and not being able to wipe them away.

I watched my daughter shed tears she couldn't bring herself to shed in front of her son and grit her teeth in front of her father.

"Okay....... That's it....... that's it."

The father could not forgive his daughter for killing her brothers.

I had no choice but to accept the inevitable.



* * *



Whatever the real reason, an inspection was the original purpose, so Louise helped the King inspect the military in Cernstadt.

We talked about the status of the military, its strength and supply.

And after the debriefing, Constantin von Schwarz said the same thing Louise had said to Heinrich.

"Rest."

"......Yes?"

"I will take command of the army for the winter."

Just as the mother ordered the rest because of her son's prolonged fatigue, the father ordered the rest because of his daughter's prolonged fatigue.

"I will see that the Emperor is granted permission. Since you wanted to go so badly, you and Heinrich can spend the winter at the Temple."

An unexpected break.

And to spend it with my son in a place I've only dreamed of visiting.

I've been able to visit places where I wasn't even allowed to see where my son lived and grew up.

Upon hearing of the princes' disappearance, the king accepted what he had to endure and what he had to understand.

After all, the throne is a cruel place.

He thought his daughter might do such a thing, and he had to look the other way because she was supposed to be the king.

What mattered was the heir to the throne.

You'd think that now that what you thought might happen has happened, you'd want to clean up what's left.

You might have thought that there was no reason for those who remained to continue to suffer.

His behavior is not one of understanding, but of resignation.

Knowing that made her feel even more guilty.





Episode 573.





Ludwig headed to the 17th District Guard the next day.

While Heinrich or Ellen could voluntarily patrol the outer reaches of the ecliptic, Ludwig could not and would not be allowed to do so.

They feel deprived or something like that, but they don't know the difference between absolute capabilities.

I didn't dare cross what Ellen and Heinrich could do.

Ludwig makes his way to the guard.

It's hard and it's painful, but do what little you can in the midst of it.

Something as simple as returning a lost child to the hands of its parents is certainly not without meaning.

Hoping that would be the case, Ludwig turned to the guard.

"Ludwig, I have an important mission for you."

"......Important mission?"

"It's a job worthy of Ludwig."

Do what's right for you.

Both the gunner, Sontaine, and the captain of the guard respect Ludwig.

But apart from that, I knew Ludwig couldn't handle the horrors of the camp and the brutality of the guards.

A job befitting such a Ludwig.

"Escort."

Looking at Ludwig, the captain of the guard, Nazik, says.

"Escort......?"

"You know about the pandemic, don't you?"

"Yeah....... I saw it yesterday."

"A priest has been sent to do the cleansing."

Pandemics.

And purification.

Ludwig's eyes widened.

"I'd like an escort from the priest we've sent."

Fighting the pandemic.

What you need to do to save people.

"......Thank you for your consideration."

I know what Ludwig struggles with and what he wants, so I give him this job.



* * *



Priests of Tuan are needed to cleanse the plague.

But Tuan and the Order of Als were being persecuted by the Devil.

Under these circumstances, it was impossible for the priests of Tuan to move in public, even if they were there to cure the plague.

Not only are Tuan's followers persecuted, but the priests suffer even worse.

But the plague cannot be left alone. If the plague spreads beyond the refugee camps and into the ecliptic, it may be beyond the reach of divine power.

That's why Tuan's priests must risk their lives to enter the refugee zone to cleanse it of the plague.

Of course, you can't wear a priest's robe, so you'll have to be stealthy.

You can't be escorted by a large group, or you'll draw attention to yourself, so you have to be stealthy.

Even though you're not doing anything bad, you're trying to save people.

"Priest, this is Ludwig, who will be your escort today."

Ludwig bowed his head as he saw the priest in his graying robes.

"Nice to meet you, I'm Rowen."

"Hello."

The priest, who looked to be about Ludwig's age, looked at him and smiled.

"I don't think you'll make it, but I'll do my best."

Ludwig added, in case anyone was offended by the fact that the only escort the 17th Guard gave him was a one-armed man.

"Yes, please, then."

But the priest smiled gently and nodded, as if he hadn't thought of that at all.



* * *



Ludwig left the 17th District Guard headquarters with Rowen.

Cleaning up the plague. Ludwig's head seemed to clear for the first time in a long time.

It's a simple thing that doesn't require judgment about what's right.

They weren't even dressed in Guard garb to be stealthy, and Rowen had a tattered robe covering his face.

You can't tell that he's a priest or that he's a guard.

If you're doing cleanup work in a plague-ridden area, that's it.

But if it came to it, we might have to use force. Rowen looked at Ludwig walking beside him and shook his head.

"I take it you're not a member of the official guard?"

"What? Oh....... How did you know?"

"As the Captain of the Guard salutes......."

It wasn't even a great line of reasoning.

"Oh....... Actually, I just got back from the Allied garrison, so......."

"You're a participant."

"Yes....... An injury put me in the back of the line, but......."

"You're a great guy, I admire you."

Ludwig felt his face heat up at Rowen's words.

Not because I was ashamed or embarrassed, but because of shame.

Ludwig was only ashamed because he didn't think he deserved it in the slightest.

It's people like Rowen who deserve to be called great.

Priests trying to save people, even though so many people would hate and hate the priests of Tuan.

It's people like that who are great and awesome.

I've been kicked out because I failed, Ludwig thinks, and I don't deserve to be told that.

"We're going to be stealthy, so there won't be any arguments or fuss, and Ludwig, you'll only have to step in if, and only if, you need to."

As if he hadn't done a cleanup job or two before, Rowen told Ludwig what he needed to watch out for.

"Mr. Ludwig, are you good at running?"

"What? Ah....... Yes, I'm sure."

Run.

It's one of the few things Ludwig is confident about doing.

"What about running with people?"

You don't have to tell me who you're running with.

"I'm confident I can do that too."

"If there's a problem, pick me up and run."

Rowen said with a smirk.

If they get into an argument with a refugee, they don't kill them, they leave.

"Yes, I will definitely do that."

Ludwig liked Lowen's approach.



* * *



Today, Ellen joined Heinrich on his ecliptic patrol.

Based on what we talked about yesterday, I don't think we should have to go out, but we were both so sore that we couldn't stand it, so we both left after breakfast.

So I had nothing to do but laze around in bed for a while. Gathering information from inside the temple is also blocked for now.

I wonder how long he's been lying like that.

-TalkTalk

As I sat up in bed, I turned my head, and there was a sparrow.

Cats and sparrows.

-TalkTalk

-Tweet!

The sparrow looks at me and shakes his head.

-TalkTalk

-Second!

It's been a while since I've seen that.

Sarkegaroguman.



* * *



Outside the Royal Class dormitory.

Sarkegaard and I chatted, pretending to be returning students.

Honestly, I don't even need to disguise it.

The interior of the temple is almost unrecognizable. It's not completely devoid of people, but it's very rare. The only people you see are the guards.

Our paktong found Sarkegar and sent him here.

We also heard the results of the Senate's meeting.

That it's rather odd that alchemy is irrelevant.

It's not as simple as making undead as we do.

Alchemy is a magical system that is part chemistry, part biology, and part science.

Dealing with corpses is technically dealing with life, so it's no surprise that alchemists are involved.

As an added bonus, the list of Antony's works made me even more dizzy than I already was.

Empires don't do research or experimentation.

You're working on something with a tangible outcome. It's an exhibition, and you don't have the resources to invest in pure academia.

"......Yes, and there were no Mullern's ashes."

More importantly, the Empire might know how to bring a mage back to life as a Reach.

A leech is essentially a living mage undeadizing themselves. It's what a mage does to his or her own body during life. In that case, the Death Knight retains a sense of self, Olivia said.

What we did this time, however, was to bring a dead warrior, or technically a paladin, back to life as a Death Knight.

What if you raise a dead mage as an undead?

It's a lot of choice, and it's going to be a lot of power.

And in war, the role of the wizard is crucial.

Wizards in large-scale attacks, saturation, and support roles definitely have a role to play on the battlefield.

"Sire, the Senate has said that we may have to use force to prevent the Empire from acquiring that level of power."

"......Yes."

"I think so, too."

I know what you're worried about.

The Hall of Heroes also contained the remains of a mage. But it was mostly warriors who were there.

But the Imperial Mausoleum also contains the graves of wizards who have done great magical work. And I'm sure there are many more.

Raise the remains of the greatest archmages in the history of mankind as relics and raise them as an army?

If so, it's like having a large army of mages that far exceeds the Imperial Mages.

Warriors and wizards who have left their mark on human history.

All of them are resurrected and become an army to save humanity.

The situation itself is very plausible, but it's what happens when the knife is pointed at us that's the problem.

Just because Bertus isn't willing to fight us doesn't mean there won't be a war.

Because wars are fought in good faith.

While the addition of Master Class power is scary, the real problem is the addition of Archmage power.

Titans can't cross oceans, but with the right amount of Archmages, an army of that size could storm Edina.

They don't know the status of Edina, but if she is located, it could really happen.

No.

It's not the army that's the problem, it's the thousand or so Archmages that are Lord Vampires, and you might be able to drop a Titan on Edina.

I didn't want to gate, but I ended up gating.

Bertus doesn't want war, and I don't want it either, but for some reason it might happen.

I'm pretty sure there's some sort of curse that keeps putting me in situations I wish wouldn't happen.

Whether it's fate or a prankster's trick0.

If you leave Imperial research alone, the Gate debacle could end more harmlessly.

But if it destroys the world I've worked so hard to build.

I'm not sure it's my destiny to lose everything like that.

However, if the Empire destroys all the projects you're working on because you're doing research that's too risky, isn't that a bad idea?

I'd rather have a war over this than destroy a key project of my empire.

If I attack the Empire now, war will surely ensue. If anything, my decision may prevent the Allies from advancing any further.

If I leave the empire alone now, the gate will be easier to close, but I could lose everything.

Bertus and I both know that we have no animosity toward each other, we just haven't talked about it.

If things change later, it will be because of other people, not because of Bertus' will.

Or maybe Bertus, who doesn't want war, is killed and the new emperor wants to go to war with the devil.

Everywhere I look, I see a future where I'm at war with the Empire.

If you attack, it becomes a rationale for what you're doing now.

When you are silent, the demands of the world become your cause.

If it's a war you're going to fight anyway, you might as well do it against a weakened empire.

But a stronger empire could prevent the unexpected death of someone like this one.

Maybe Delphine doesn't have to die and Ludwig doesn't have to lose his arm.

What about the countless Allied soldiers I don't know.

If we leave the Empire alone, hundreds of thousands of people might survive, and if the Gate crisis ends soon enough, we can use that money to help the refugees.

But Edina.

My people.

I am also responsible for a country.

The empire has more people, so my country can go away and you can live.

You don't get to make that choice.

I felt like I was at a crossroads.

The choices you make today can make a big difference in your future.

I know this one.

Whatever I choose, I'm sure I'll regret it greatly.

It will be another long day of nightmares.

The issue raised by the Senate is not a tilt this time.

Reanimated warriors and reanimated wizards.

The possibility that we might be able to bring the wizard back to life as a reach.

It all starts with that.

But if this can help end the gate crisis, I must also consider the option of leaving it alone.

On the contrary, if that army helps break the final gate, you may be forced to use Alsbringer against the Otherworldly Dragons because you have destroyed the Empire's new power.

Then I would be effectively committing suicide by stopping this project for the empire.

"And then there's the most important issue."

"Most important issue?"

"It is possible that the Empire has joined forces with the Black Order."

"......."

Sarkegar's words stunned me into silence.

Black Order.

Yeah, if it's a sobriquet involving alchemy and the undead, they're probably involved.

Whatever the Empire is doing, the source of the knowledge could be the Black Order.

The power of the Black Order itself may have waned, but the knowledge remains, and it's not impossible that they've found a group that will find that knowledge more valuable than themselves.

But.

The Black Order tried to kill me.

I thought I had to die because my death was necessary for humanity.

So there's a chance that they still want me dead.

If the forces and empires that are hostile to me have joined forces, I need to see what's going on with my own eyes as soon as possible.

It can go either way.

You can either risk meeting Bertus in person and get the whole story, or send Sarkegar to gather information.

Meeting and talking to Bertus is a very dangerous thing. It's dangerous for me, and it's dangerous for Bertus.

But Sarkegar is not a one-size-fits-all.

And the projects the Empire is working on right now are likely to be places that even Sarkhegar would find difficult to enter.

"I need to see the emperor, in person."

I finally decided that I had to meet Bertus in person.

"Your Majesty, it's dangerous."

Naturally, Sarkegaard was concerned.

"It may become dangerous at some point, but that's not now."

Just as Bertus wouldn't attack me if he knew my whereabouts right now, he wouldn't attack me if he saw me.

You can have a conversation. I don't know about later, but we can definitely have a conversation.





Episode 574.





The choice to meet Bertus or not was always mine.

Bertus knows I'm helping the Allies advance, but he has no idea where I am, and I can always predict where he will be.

Bertus will be traveling between the three locations.

Tetra, the central palace of Neptune.

Allied Garrison Commander-in-Chief.

And now.

"It's a pretty obvious place, isn't it?"

"Yes, obviously....... I see."

The University of Magic research building in front of me.

Bertus must be traveling to and from one of these three locations.

The Imperial Palace is the Imperial Palace, and the Allied Garrison is the Allied Garrison.

And since there is a very important research project going on in the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry research building, I'm sure I'll be visiting from time to time to keep an eye on things.

"If it's that heavily guarded on the outside, it must be harder to get inside."

No matter how sarcastic you are, no is no.

"Still, rather than risk your Majesty, I would rather......."

"Forget it, how long am I going to have to ask you to do everything for me?"

"That's true, but......."

It's not that I didn't want to do it, but the idea of sending Sarkeghar to the Black Order had long since passed me by.

That doesn't mean Sarkegaard doesn't have a job to do.

Sarkhegar will wait for Bertus to appear nearby.

"Bertus won't attack you anyway, just like he won't attack me. If he shows up here, approach him and tell him I need to talk to him, and then we can talk privately......."

Before I could finish.

In the distance, I could see Bertus and Saviolin Tana exiting the research building.

The fact that I was able to spot them so quickly is more a sign of the emperor's frequent visits than a coincidence.

"Less work."

"Your Highness....... Just one more thought......."

"It's okay."

You can be okay with not being okay.

Leaving a worried Sarkegar behind, I began to approach the research wing of the School of Magic.



* * *



Emperor Bertus does not like to travel with large armies.

Not one to shy away from protocol, Bertus ascended to the throne in a time of crisis. It was a time when such things could not be afforded, so ceremonies were either eliminated or scaled back to the point of excess.

This is not to say that we don't have "lots" of troops, but that we don't value security.

Most of the time, Bertus traveled with the viola tana. That's enough bodyguarding for now.

And when you're going to a place that's supposed to be confidential, you obviously can't take a lot of people with you. So when Bertus is traveling, his bodyguard is always Saviolin Tana, who takes care of everything.

As a result, Xavier Tana has become more than just the head of the Chanapelle, but also the Emperor's personal assistant to some extent.

Of course, when the allied armies are marching or there is a battle, others will take over the guard, but now that he's been hit, Bertus is moving with Savior Tana.

So Bertus stopped by the research wing, and he and Tana were on their way back to the palace.

With so few people inside the temple, the streets were deserted, and Bertus and Saviolin Tana were the only ones walking down the orderly but grimy streets.

"You're on track."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"If it's too smooth, that's a problem."

Bertus smiled bitterly, and Tana stiffened, unable to find the words.

"By the way, I didn't expect the three of you to make this much progress so quickly......."

Bertus sighs.

"No matter how many continents we've gathered from, the Royal Class sophomores are incredibly special."

Adelia, the creator of the Titan and Power Cartridge.

Christina, the creator of Moonshine.

And Louis Ankton and Anna De Guerna.

Emperor.

Empress.

Warriors.

And the devil.

The second year of Royal Class is an uncanny breed. So much so that some powerful destiny is felt.

"What about you, Ludwig, by the way?"

"ah......."

Saviolin Tana's complexion has changed.

"It's....... seems to be having a hard time adjusting."

"......I guess my thinking was short."

When Bertus thought about what Ludwig would face in the Guard, he couldn't help but wonder if he had made a mistake in assigning him to the Guard.

Bertus has a lot of work to do, too. So while he cares about Ludwig, he can't give him the attention he deserves.

"Maybe you should take a job at a training center instead."

"I'll ask Ludwig's doctor."

"Yes, and this time......."

-Angel

Bertus stopped talking at the sound of a cat in the distance.

Neither Tana nor Bertus could do anything but stare at the black cat standing still in the middle of a wide, deserted street.

"Um....... That one?"

"You're a cat."

-Angel

The black cat slowly approaches the emperor.

"It's not just a cat, Lord Tana."

"If you say that's......?"

"Ellen's cat."

"ah......."

"I know it was unavoidable in the garrison, but I'm not sure it's right to let them run loose like this in the temple. I can understand not wanting to keep them locked up......."

"Ugh. I've never had a cat, so I don't know......."

It's even weirder that Savior Tana, who's been holding a sword her whole life, should know how to raise a cat.

"By the way, you've come a long way from your dorm, do you even know how to get back?"

I met a cat wandering around in the middle of nowhere.

Had the cat ever roamed such a large area? Bertus didn't know.

But the black cat is coming toward Bertus.

This is strange, because last time I saw Bertus, he was scrambling to get away.

Bertus squats down to watch the approaching cat.

You might be lost, and Ellen might be worried.

"I think we should take him to the dorms first......."

The moment Bertus reaches out to lift the cat.

Suddenly.

The cat's body began to change.

-Kuruk

"!"

"Your Majesty, it's dangerous!"

Saviolin Tana harshly pulls Bertus away, keeping him at a distance.

The cat turns into something.

And then, in a flash, it took shape, and Bertus and Savior Tana froze in their tracks.

"Well, ....... Not for a long time, to be honest."

Black cat.

"It's been a while. Right?"

Reinhard the Demon appeared.



* * *



Ellen's cat has suddenly turned into a Reinhardt.

There's no way to know why, what the reason is, or what the purpose is.

Even if you don't understand the situation, what you see is what you get.

With Bertus hidden behind her, the pale-faced Saviolin Tana drew her saber.

"Wait. No more, no more approach."

Saviolin Tana's expression was tinged with fear, though not hostility.

Saviolin Tana wasn't the only one caught off guard.

"Reinhard......?"

Bertus swallowed hard, stunned by what was happening in front of him.

"I know you're shocked, but you know you're not here to fight, or you wouldn't have shown up like this."

If you were going to kill it, there were better ways to do it.

There's a reason why we're showing it up front.

"I'd like to talk to you somewhere quiet. It's been a while."

Just as time has changed many things, so has Reinhardt.

"If you stay out there too long like this, you're in trouble. You know that, right?"

The streets were deserted, but it was crazy to wander around the Temple as Reinhardt.

Bertus looks at Reinhardt, who has suddenly appeared, with a stony expression.

"Your Majesty......."

Saviolin Tana also stares at the Emperor with a confused expression.

"Okay. Anywhere is good, so let's go in."

Even the Emperor didn't like it when someone saw a demon in his temple.



* * *



Bertus and Tana are the only ones who know that the demon is helping humanity. That's why they know he's not here to fight when he suddenly reveals himself.

Most of the buildings in Temple were empty, including schools and shops.

So I went to the second floor of a nearby vacant storefront that used to be a cafe.

The door is locked, but that doesn't matter to anyone in the room.

Slashing the lock on the closed door with an auror blade, the three sat down.

The tables and chairs were dusty, but no one seemed to mind.

You only need the space anyway.

"I want to tell you something, but let's not talk about cats because it's not important and I don't want to."

Bertus looked at Reinhardt's vulnerable face and couldn't help but notice how he had changed over the years, if nothing else.

It's even more shameless than before.

"Yeah....... Let's call it that, because it's not like I have any idea why."

You would have wanted to keep an eye on Ellen.

We also learned why Ellen had a seizure when she tried to leave the cat with the emperor.

Reinhardt crosses his arms, muttering to himself.

"Let's not even talk about the good old days. Who did what, where did it go wrong, all that stuff."

Talking about fault is also pointless.

Talking about each other's responsibilities when there's only reality to be faced is only going to make things worse.

The demon warned the emperor that his men would cause a gate crisis if he did not release him, but the emperor refused to release the demon.

That's where the gates came in.

But there's no point in discussing it now.

We have a problem to face, and we have a job to do.

Everything else is pointless except to focus on it.

Bertus nodded at Reinhardt's words.

"You do realize we were clearing a path ahead of the Allies, right?"

"Yeah. I knew that."

Bertus looks at Reinhardt and asks.

"Can you really manipulate the weather?"

"To a limited extent."

Reinhardt doesn't say it's necessarily Liana de Granz's superpower.

Bertus' and Tana's faces hardened at the mention of something no mage could do.

"It's okay, you know what would have happened if you'd tried to use that power to destroy the human race."

"......."

"......."

If a demon were to go on a rampage in the middle of the ecliptic while the Allied forces were in full force, the ecliptic would be devastated.

Now, it's one thing to know that it might happen, but it's another thing to actually have verbal confirmation that the devil can do it if he puts his mind to it.

Humanity should have perished long ago, except for the mercy of the Devil.

But most people hate the devil without even realizing it.

It only takes a day for the Devil to really wipe out the human race, but no one thinks about that.

If the devil threatens the emperor with the very existence of humanity, it is the reality of the empire and of humanity that he must listen, no matter what he says.

However, so far, the Devil has never interfered with humanity in such a way.

"I'm not here to threaten or blackmail you, I'm just here to ask you a question."

Reinhardt asks quietly.

"One of our main sources of power is Death Knight. We used up a lot of it during the Battle of Serandia, so we tried to replenish it last time."

At that, neither Tana nor Bertus are silent, listening to Reinhardt's words.

"That's why I tried to resurrect him as a Death Knight in the Hall of Heroes in the Imperial Mausoleum."

"......what?!"

Bertus and Tana couldn't help but be stunned. To be told that they had tried to break into the imperial mausoleum at such an inopportune time would be astonishing.

"The method is secret, but I got in anyway."

Worse, they've already been breached without realizing it.

Bertus listens to the story with a pale face.

"But....... You see, the coffins are all empty."

"It's not just the imperial mausoleum. I've also confirmed that the bodies of Allied soldiers killed in action are being switched and buried in the national cemetery."

"Just like we tried to make Death Knight, it seems like the Empire is doing some crazy stuff....... I don't know."

"I've been trying to sneak up on them rather than make contact, but I knew I couldn't do that. That's why I came to you."

I'm not going to say, "You shouldn't be doing that, you shouldn't be doing that, you shouldn't be doing that, because I'm doing something similar."

"But you need to know what's what. Because I am, and my people are very uneasy, and you may have aligned yourselves with those who may be my enemies."

"I only have two questions."

The demon stares at the emperor.

"What are you doing at Temple College of Witchcraft and Wizardry?"

The substance of the study.

"You guys are in cahoots with the Black Order."

And suspicious alliances.

"You'll have to explain."

The devil asked two questions.

What research is being done at the Temple School of Magic.

And if they're in cahoots with the Black Order.

There is silence.

Tana couldn't speak before Bertus, so the demon only looked at Bertus.

I don't know if it's before the devil approaches, but the devil asks outright.

Unless you've done something like that, silencing the devil himself is impossible.

"I knew you were watching us, but....... It's kind of weird to realize that."

Bertus said with a bitter smile.

"Yes, we're doing something with the bodies of our fallen heroes."

Bertus nods slowly.

"But I don't know what you mean about the Black Order."

"...... is it?"

The Demon King stays still and watches the Emperor's expression.

It's hard to read intentions from facial expressions.

You can't tell if it's a sham or the truth just by looking at the face.

"They're not working with the Black Order, at least not that I know of."

With that, the Emperor shrugs.

"You don't have to doubt me, you know that, right?"

"What."

"After touching a dead body to end the Gate debacle, what's to say you couldn't recognize the hands of the Black Order, even if they were the ones who tried to kill you?"

It's a weird thing to say what you can and can't do when you're already doing terrible things.

"Are you saying that if the Black Order had come to you, you would have joined hands with them?"

"Yeah. But I didn't, and if I did, I don't think it's in my best interest to put you in this situation in the first place."

"Hmmm......."

In the words of Bertus.

There was nothing the Empire couldn't catch the hands of the Black Order at, with everything they had that could help them. Bertus grinned bitterly at the nervous-looking demon.

"I've found that when I tell the truth, people don't believe me."

Bertus laughed bitterly, saying that when you tell the truth, people doubt you.

"I can at least show you what we were doing."

The demon looked a little surprised, as if he hadn't expected that.





第 575 集





I knew that if I met with Bertus, we would have a conversation, and I knew that he would have to give in to my demands.

I chose to take the risk and meet Bertus in person.

It's not that I'm in danger of getting in trouble for meeting Bertus, or that he's in danger of getting in trouble for meeting me.

The fact that Bertus and I met.

It's dangerous if someone finds out about it later in some way.

So it wasn't hard to get to the bottom of it once I met and talked to Bertus in person. But I didn't expect them to show me what they were doing.

Bertus barked orders at Savior Tana.

Evict everyone in the Hogwarts research building for three hours.

I would change my appearance, of course, but it wouldn't do the Emperor any good to have anyone see that he had entered the laboratory with an unknown person.

Saviolin Tana left to deliver the order, and Bertus and I sat in the empty dining room talking until everything was ready.

"Charlotte is....... How is she doing?"

The look on Bertus' face when he asked that was complicated.

They once hated each other to the point of trying to kill each other, but at some point, Bertus began to feel sorry for Charlotte.

Bertus decided to execute Charlotte, but he was actually calling for me.

And I left, taking Charlotte with me.

Bertus wanted to save Charlotte.

"I've got my own job, and it's better than living in the palace."

"Is that......."

Bertus says with a sad look on his face.

"Thank you. Reinhard."

I wonder if he's thanking me for showing up to save Charlotte.

It will mean one thing, and it will mean something else.

My relationship with Bertus is much different than it was in the past.

Now Bertus was technically in a low position.

You don't want to know that I have less than you.

Guilt.

He felt incredibly guilty about it, and he's still using me to this day.

When Bertus heard of Charlotte's whereabouts, he seemed a little relieved.

It didn't lead to more conversations.

Three years is a long time, but in some ways it's not that long.

But those who survived those three years experienced too much.

The public conversation was over, and there were too many obstacles to have a private conversation.

You never know what the future holds.

"About the Gate debacle....... Is there anything else I should know?"

There wasn't much I could say to Bertus' question.

"Just do what you're doing now."

Last gate.

That was all I could say because it wasn't Bertus' business.



* * *



By the time Saviolin Tana returned, the Emperor's instructions had been carried out.

They all left the lab without leaving a single ant behind, and the guards cleared out.

Changing his face with the Ring of Sarkegar, he donned his robes and headed to the research wing of the School of Magic with Bertus.

"I don't think it would have been possible to sneak in here."

There were several layers of security checkpoints on the way into the underground lab alone, so it's unclear if even Sarkozy could have penetrated the system.

"Dreadfind might find a way. Coming to me directly would have been a convenient option, but not the only one."

Bertus held Sarkeghar captive for nearly two years.

So it was inevitable that I would learn about the Dreadfind clan.

"Anna and Christina suggested it first."

"......what?"

I don't know what that means, but I couldn't help but ask.

When he suggested it, he was obviously referring to this thing I'm about to see.

"Even if it's a terrible way to do it, if it helps end the gate crisis, is it okay to do it?"

"Anna and....... and Christina....... first?"

"Yeah. Louis joined us later."

They suggested it first, not Bertus.

No one is unchanged by the war, and comparisons to the original are now laughable.

Either because of terrible things, or because of something else.

Anna and Christina have come up with a way to reanimate the fallen and reintroduce them into battle, and they've even proposed it to the Emperor.

Just as Adelia created the Titans.

No.

Seeing Adelia's involvement in the Titan project may have inspired Anna and Christina to do something of their own.

Titans were not in the original.

Maybe the Titan inspired Anna and Christina, and that's why they thought of ways to contribute to the war in their own way.

"I thought about it. For a long time."

Bertus says as he descends into the underground laboratory.

"For a very....... very long."

It desecrates the bodies of the fallen, the bodies of those who were too good to die.

When he said he'd thought about it for a long time, I realized how much Bertus had agonized over the decision to accept the job.

In the end, Bertus would have said yes.

He may have even decided to use the tombs of heroes in the imperial mausoleum.

Just like that, I saw

What Bertus was working on after Titan.

"This is......."

Huge culture pots.

"This is undead?"

"......Yes."

There was a human body there, pristine, without a single wound.

From the looks of it, it was definitely not the body of someone who had died of trauma.

The other ports were no different.

It wasn't hard to figure out why the bodies of people who should have died of trauma were so clean and intact.

"Did you really....... played?"

"Yes, I'm regenerating flesh and muscles that have been lost or decayed."

It was a body that had been restored to near-original shape, not a body that had retained its original shape.

Such ports were placed throughout the underground lab.

"Homunculus is the alchemy that creates life."

"......Yes."

"So the homunculus is said to be a magic that creates something out of nothing, which is why it is said to have a high probability of failure, because you can't create life easily."

Bertus stares at the body of an unnamed person, still, eyes closed.

"The homunculus is that kind of magic that explores the truth of life, but we don't want to know the end of the homunculus technology, we want a homunculus that can be electrified, so we don't have to create something out of nothing."

"Is this a case of making something out of nothing?"

"Yeah."

More precisely, it's about breathing life back into something that was once dead.

"Making something that no longer functions as a living thing function again. I hear it's easier than building a real homunculus."

A homunculus creates a life form that never existed in the first place, but in this case, it's a reconstruction of a life form we already know.

If you have a good understanding of human anatomy, you can build a human, and the material was already human from the start.

Homunculus's arcane skills allow him to restore lost, damaged, or decayed organs, flesh, and muscle.

Not like the undead.

Undead are those that move while dead.

But it's about giving something resembling life to a dead body.

"It sounds like you can resurrect a dead person from....... from the dead."

"No, I'm not going to research that, and I don't think it's possible. I mean, just because they give you your life back doesn't mean it's really your life back."

Bertus, me, and Tana walk through the underground lab.

The bodies of strangers on the ship were being restored. They could be Allied fallen, people who had died since the Gate, or heroes of the past who were long dead.

"It's a long-winded way of saying it, but that's what it boils down to: you take the bodies of the dead, reanimate them with the arcane arts of Homunculus, attach a fake body to a real one that shouldn't be meshed with the skills of a chimera, and animate it with black magic, and you create a creature with almost as much, if not more, power than the living........ undead."

Bertus looks at me.

"Making it a golem. That's what we're doing."

A living golem, technically.

It contains tricks for many magical disciplines, most of which are forbidden, but at its core it is a living golem.

Golems are made from living humans and reintroduced into the war.

It's also more powerful than when the lion was alive.

"Can you bring a wizard back to life?"

"That's still in the testing phase, but it turns out it's possible."

That's what people in Edina were concerned about, and it's clear that it's possible.

"You don't think it's the priests?"

"......what?"

"I can revive clerics, too, with holy power available, though I don't know why."

At that point, I was at a loss for words at the absurdity of the world.

"Yeah....... I knew the Five Great Houses weren't normal."

Chimeras, homunculi, and black magic.

Eventually, through a combination of alchemy and black magic, the Empire was able to resurrect the corpses of the dead with nearly all of their abilities and use them at will.

"Do you have a self?"

"I don't have it, and I'm glad I don't have it."

A doll that bears an uncanny resemblance to a living human being.

I'm not sure if they should technically be called undead, but they are, after all, undead, and they are like golems.

"Not all of them can be reanimated in this way; some won't regenerate if the defect is too large, and others will regenerate but won't budge when you try to control them."

The success rate is around 7 percent, Bertus added.

In my opinion, it was ridiculously high.

"If I fail to control....... something very bad is going to happen. Am I worrying too much?"

As powerful as Death Knights are, they don't actually restore life abilities. In this case, however, it restores the ability to live.

If you revive a Swordmaster, you get a Swordmaster, and if you revive an Archmage, you get an Archmage.

Just thinking about what would happen if they lost control was enough to make my head hurt.

Bertus smiled bitterly at my question.

"Reinhard, the fate of the world is at stake."

"......."

"How can you not take that risk?"

You'll have to borrow a cat's hand.

If you can borrow a cat's hand, why not the devil's?

Once that devil's hand has gotten me out of trouble, it doesn't matter what happens next.

Bertus' words made sense.

Will these save us.

Or will it take us down another rabbit hole.

"But....... doesn't seem to be ready for live deployment yet, seeing as how it's only incubating things like this."

I don't know what to call them, but with the finished product nowhere to be seen, they're not quite ready to be fielded yet. The moment they come out of the port, the game changes.

"No."

But when I asked, Bertus shook his head.

"It's already in pilot."

"......what?"

"You saw it."

Bertus points his finger upward.

Ground.

"Didn't you think there were too many guards in the temple?"

"......?"

"Weren't there an unusually large number of them, especially around here?"

As it turns out, the security around the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry is very tight.

A large group of guards roamed the neighborhood of the College of Magic.

"If they had that many guards left, they would have sent them to a refugee camp or something. I mean, how many people do you think the Temple has that many guards at the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry?"

In the first place, most of the guards near the College of Magic were homunculus undead.

You may not recognize them, but the guards are all wearing helmets.

So you never see their faces.

No one wants to know what face is inside the helmet in the first place.

"Once we're sure it's taking commands properly, we'll test it by slaying monsters outside the ecliptic."

Suddenly I understood why Ellen and Heinrich hadn't been able to find any monsters near the ecliptic.

A raid to rid the world of monsters in the outer reaches of the ecliptic.

They were resurrected corpses that had nothing to do with the Guard in the first place.

The area around the ecliptic was already a testing ground to see if we could get the resurrection up and running.

The mercenary mission was never meant to be for anyone else, for entirely different reasons.

"After winter, we'll put them all in the field."

The actual deployment was already underway.

It's obvious without looking how much power it will have and how much it will help.

"If they alone can end the gate debacle....... It's funny to say this, but we might not need any more allies."

If an army of returnees is all that is needed to wage war, and if their individual strength is greater than in life, then a larger army may not be necessary.

The gate crisis may end a little sooner, and no more major sacrifices may be made.

If you do something you shouldn't, you can prevent further sacrifices.

The temptation is too great.

I was tempted to just make Death Knight, but Bertus was even more tempted.

It's a choice I have no reason not to make, and I can't help but feel that it was necessary.

However, there is no way to predict the extent of the risk.

What happens when the returnees get out of control.

I don't know.

But it does help.

And if Bertus is right, it doesn't involve the Black Order.

So I've come to the conclusion that no matter how much of a risk this may be to me in the future, I'll just have to wait and see.

Whatever inevitability comes later.

Just as Bertus takes advantage of this, so should you.

But aside from the conclusion, there's another realization.

A body restored to near-original condition.

I think I know what that means.

It's restoring the dead to something close to what they were when they were alive, but it doesn't really bring them back to life.

But it will eventually move like a living thing.

Christina and Adelia suggested it, and it took shape.

I thought this was due to Titan.

They thought they were inspired by Titan and wanted to contribute to the war.

You don't know until you try.

But there's something I would have tried to do.

"Are those guys....... maybe......."

Christina and Anna.

"You didn't try to revive Ashur, did you?"

The first classmate who died.

B-4 Ashur.

I don't know if I started this to bring him back, or if he died while I was doing this and I tried to bring him back afterward.

I would have definitely tried.

"......."

Bertus said nothing.

The silence made me realize that they were trying to revive Ashur.

And, of course, I knew it was bound to fail.

We don't know if the restore succeeded or if it failed.

I didn't have to, and I didn't want to.





Episode 576.





Bringing a dead friend back to life.

If it was completely impossible, I wouldn't have even tried.

But what is half-heartedly possible will eventually lead people to despair because they will never be able to achieve complete success.

It's a ridiculous world, but the truth that death is irreversible seems to be the only thing that can't be overturned.

We couldn't save Ashur, and we wouldn't have even tried in the case of Delphine, whose body we couldn't even find.

It's just a restore that looks like a resurrection.

You may have the abilities, strength, and appearance of a living person, but you have no self.

It's just an animated taxidermy.

This can be used in combat, but not in relationships.

Battle may be more useful than life, but it is of no use to those who hope for a true resurrection, and it should not be used for such a thing.

The topic of Ashur has silenced us.

I didn't bring up the topic any further.

If only the dead could come back.

We all think about it.

It wouldn't just be Christina and Anna and Louis Ankton, it would be Bertus, and it would have to be Savior Tana.

"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

"You can't justify all of this."

"I didn't know you were the kind of guy who cared about that."

"I never thought I'd care about this either."

Bertus smiles bitterly.

We were the prince and the beggar, now we're the emperor and the devil.

"I owe you an apology."

"I don't need an apology for the past, I told you."

"No, that's not what I'm talking about."

Bertus leads the way.

"Follow me."

As I followed Bertus, more massive ports began to appear. They were three times larger than the others, and while I couldn't recognize the bodies in each compartment, it was clear that restoration work was being done on very important bodies.

Bertus stands in front of a petri dish and looks at me.

As if to say look inward.

In front of me was the body of someone.

He's a gray-haired old man.

"This is the body we've had for a while now, and we kind of expected it, but it's not opening its eyes, even though we succeeded in restoring it, so to speak....... failed. He must have been important to you....... I'm sorry. I had to write what I could, and what I didn't have to say....... I wanted to tell you that I wasn't working with the Black Order, that I wasn't deliberately deceiving you. If you resent me, I have nothing to say to you......."

"...... Who is this?"

What is this in the first place?

How is this apologizing?

As I stood there dumbfounded, so did Bertus and Savior Tana.

Like I'm surprised by something I don't know.

"No, what do I have to say to you to make you forgive me or get mad at me? Who is this person......."

Elderly.

Gray hair.

Saying you're sorry.

"Oh wait."

I think I know what it is.

"Is this him....... Is that him?"

Who.

I don't remember the name.

"Larken Simonsteinstein."

Saviolin Tana answered on her behalf.

"The Four Heavenly Kings of the Darklands and my mentor."

Yeah, him.

Saviolin Tana nods slowly, as if remembering something.

"Come to think of it, you said you lost all memory of being Prince of the Darklands......."

"ah......."

Bertus nodded, as if it had dawned on him.

The person I'm supposed to recognize has no face, no memory, and Bertus is apologizing for stepping on my toes.

But.......

That, to say the least.

I'm such a weirdo that I don't even recognize the face of the Warrior King.



* * *



Larken Simonsteidt.

Former Squadron Xanafel leader and one-time Grandmaster of the Continental First Sword.

A being who retired from active service, but somehow became the Four Heavenly Kings of the Demon Army after the outbreak of the Demon War.

That's why he was hated by all mankind.

After the Demon War, the body of Larken Simonsteid was taken from the Empire. They didn't need a reason to take it.

But after the events of the Gate, Bertus saw no reason why Larken's body shouldn't be used to resurrect countless war heroes.

Bringing a Grandmaster back from the dead with all of their abilities intact would be an incredible power.

However, just as we did not succeed in golemizing all the corpses, Larken Simonstein's body was not resurrected. We don't know if this is because something was done to it, or if it simply failed.

Anyway, Bertus apologized because he thought he might have been important to me, and things got weird when I didn't remember Larken at all.

No, but now that you believe me, you still don't believe that I have any memory of Darkland?

It's not that I don't believe it, it's just that I haven't considered it.

Honestly, I don't feel the slightest bit guilty about trying to capitalize on Larken's body.

You don't need to know anything to be upset.

If I can't relate to the Ancestral Demon King, how can I relate to the Four Heavenly Kings?

"Do you have the bodies of the other Four Heavenly Kings?"

Bertus shook his head at my question.

"No, we retrieved the body in the first place to study whether magical means were used in Larken's betrayal."

"Oh....... I see."

The body was recovered to determine if it had used magic to brainwash the Grandmaster.

"Of course, Larken wasn't brainwashed."

I knew everything there was to know.

What the Empire was doing. What was really going on.

Ethically, it's totally fucked up, it's dangerous, and it could be a huge threat later on.

If you're looking for an excuse to spill the beans, there's nothing you can't do.

But that's all the more reason to leave it alone.

We were already well into the research and development phase.

The golems are already in use as guards near the College of Magic, as well as in the extermination squads that patrol the outer reaches of the ecliptic and slay monsters.

Wearing a helmet so no one can recognize you.

The guards are armed, of course, so no one will suspect anything.

"Reinhardt, if this army is committed, the Allies may end the war sooner than planned, maybe even in an instant."

"I suppose."

If the heroes of history are brought back to life, humanity's power will rise to a level never before seen in history.

Not even the heyday of the Demon Kingdoms would compare.

No matter how many monsters there are in the gate, it doesn't matter. Maybe even the dragons of the otherworld are hunted in vain.

It was almost surreal to realize that the end of the gate crisis was so close.

What I saw was both horrifying and overwhelming at the same time.

Their army may pose a threat to Edina and I, but the last warp gate is our priority.

This army of the dead may, in the end, be the key to preventing me from using Alsbringer at the last minute.

The rest is history.

"I'm going to have to pay for all this someday."

"......."

"Reinhard, I need to talk to you."

Bertus said as if he had made up his mind.



* * *



I spoke with Bertus, and it wasn't a long conversation.

The price for all this work.

Someone has to pay the price.

There were a few other stories, but that's what it came down to.

So, I decided not to touch the empire and this project.

It's not even touchable.

As for the Black Order connection, I decided to take it with a grain of salt.

Eventually, you have to choose something.

Whether this is a regrettable choice or a better one is unknown at this point.

After finishing the conversation, I stepped out into the lobby.

Saviolin Tana looks at me. She is very suspicious, questioning, and angry at Larken Simonstein's decision.

He hated them, called them traitors who had betrayed humanity.

But now Saviolin Tana will never know what that betrayal was all about.

"Lord Tana, I don't know much about Larken Simonsteid."

"......."

"But the Great Demon Valier wanted to create a new world with Akasha, which he took from Cantus Magna, and move all the demons to it."

Sure enough, I saw a letter written by the Ancestral Demon King.

"Perhaps Larken Simonstein would have agreed with the devil."

The only people who knew the true purpose of the Ancient Valier were the Demon King himself, me in my Valier days, and the Four Heavenly Kings.

Larken Simonstein would have helped complete Akasha.

"You know, they didn't want to fight."

If the demons were gone, so would the knowledge of demons and humans, and there would be no fighting.

But because Akasha was such a powerful weapon, there was no room for dialog or persuasion.

They didn't understand each other, so they fought, and one was wiped out.

"It was...... would be......."

Saviolin Tana shook her head, speechless.

In the end, I wanted peace.

The wishes and desires of all beings are trivially simple.

I want to be happy.

I don't want to get hurt.

I wish the world were at peace.

Those simple, intuitive desires lead to different behaviors.

Someone for peace, someone for a new world.

For the sake of peace, someone has to draw a sword.

"Akhya said....... What happened?"

"I don't know. I probably won't be able to use it again."

We don't know where Akasha came from or what it is.

All that remains in the world is what misused Akasha has caused. We are the ones who must fix it, scrape what's left of the world, and reap what little tranquility there is.

Your work is done.

I was doing something more dangerous than I realized, but I decided to leave the empire alone.

There are no reversals.

"Are you going?"

"Uh, I should go. What's the point of staying here?"

Bertus looked a little disappointed.

"Wait, how do I find you?"

As I turned to leave, Bertus asked.

No, that was a weird way to say it.

You're really getting there, aren't you?

"Dormitory."

"......?"

"She's in the dorm, probably in Ellen's room."

"......?"

"I'll be here for the winter, if you have anything to say."

The look on Tana and Bertus' faces when I turned into a cat was priceless.

-Angel

"......."

"......."

I don't feel embarrassed anymore.

I'm not the least bit shocked that you're looking at me like that!

-NanNan

"You crazy....... asshole......."

I pretended to be cute and they both looked even better.

Honestly, it's kind of cute.

I look cute in the mirror when I look like this, too.



* * *



Ludwig was given a special assignment.

None other than a priest who cleanses the plague from the refugee zone.

To guard that priest.

Ludwig and Rowen talked as they headed into the epidemic zone.

"You're not being escorted by the Crusaders, are you......?"

It is too dangerous a place for a single priest to roam alone. When Ludwig asked if it wouldn't be safer to be escorted by paladins with armor, Rowen shook his head.

"If we had the manpower to do that, we'd be better off sending priests to more places."

"......I see."

Ludwig nodded when I told him that we were absolutely understaffed and had no choice but to be scattered like this.

And with the majority of priests and paladins deployed on the battlefield, manpower was even more scarce.

"If you don't mind my asking, ....... What happened to your arm......."

"I was bitten by a snake."

"Snake......?"

"It was a snake with petrifying venom. It wasn't a very big snake, but....... Just because it's a monster doesn't make it any less dangerous."

"I see......."

Rowen looked at Ludwig's empty arms and couldn't hide her sadness.

"It's okay. It's better than losing your life."

Is it better to lose an arm and survive than to die and never come back?

Ludwig doesn't know if that's true, but he thought he should say it anyway.

It's not about the arm you lost.

It's painful to think of all the other things I've lost.

"By the way, is the pandemic problem....... how serious is it?"

So Ludwig forced himself to change the subject.

"I don't think the individual epidemics themselves are that big of a problem, because not all epidemics necessarily lead to death - most of them are small, cold-like illnesses, for example."

"Is that so?"

"Yes, but the point is that a cold in a healthy person is not the same as a cold in a debilitated person."

"Oh....... I see."

For a healthy person, a cold may last a few days, but for a debilitated person, a cold is a serious illness that can take their life.

"The basic conditions are too poor, and even if they are cured, they can't stop their weakened bodies from dying."

Death by debilitation is not a disease and cannot be cured.

Those who are already weakened, even if they are recovered from the disease, will die because their energy is already exhausted. That cannot be prevented.

"And if those bodies are left unattended and decay, they'll start another plague. It's a cascade."

Ludwig's complexion darkened further at Rowen's words.

"At least it's winter now, so decay is slow, so the plague is less than it was last summer, although I wouldn't call that a good thing."

A corpse left out in the cold will not decompose.

But that's not a good thing, because the cold itself can kill you.

The pandemic is a problem in and of itself, but more importantly, the inhospitable environment itself.

People are dying from diseases that don't have to be.

So even if we eventually clean up this epidemic, it's always a work in progress because there will inevitably be another one, Rowen added.

Rowen is the kind of person who knows it's poison, but has to pour water on it.

"First and foremost, we are short of priests. With most of our paladins and priests on the front lines, Tuan's priests have been reduced in absolute numbers. Some have died, but many more have converted or....... abandoned their faith."

"Oh....... I see."

"Yes, because of the devil's work......."

There are countless examples of believers who felt betrayed by their god who chose the devil, and left the faith.

The Tuan and Als faiths have a problem not only with their adherents, but also with their priests, whose numbers are dramatically lower than before.

The remaining priests and paladins were sent to the front lines.

So it's no wonder that there are always a shortage of Tuan Cult priests to deal with the plague.

Even for the priests of Tuan, the entire ecliptic, let alone the refugee zone, is somehow more dangerous than the battlefield.

Ludwig began to wonder if Lowen's staying in the ecliptic to help clean up the plague might be a more dangerous and noble endeavor than going to war.

Rowen was wandering around looking for work that no one praised, work that he had to do in a place where everyone hated him.

And he didn't give up his faith in Tuan.

"I often wonder if I'm human."

Rowen says, walking still.

Rowen says, looking down at the floor.

"What the devil is really like."

Demon.

It's like a stone in your throat.

For most people, the devil is a symbol of hate and a sign of despair.

Rumors abound about what the Devil is like.

But Ludwig wasn't the only one who heard the rumors.

That's why I hate it all the more.

We lived in close proximity to each other and didn't realize he was a demon.

"He was a classmate."

"Is that ......?"

"I lived with the devil in the temple."

"!"

Rowen stared at Ludwig with his mouth hanging open.

Ludwig is now a household name, for better or worse.

I realized that just by being in the presence of someone special, I was bound to be treated as special.





Episode 577.





It's no secret that the Devil has infiltrated the temple.

Even the fact that he lived in the same grade as emperors, princesses, and warriors hints at the evil and malicious side of the demon.

He was close to the most important people in the empire, observing them and learning about them. He even tried to recruit the empress and the prince to his side without their knowledge.

Eventually, however, the demon was discovered, and those who had been captured by him dared to betray humanity, rescue him, and escape.

We don't know what the Demon's true purpose was, but he caused the Gate Crisis in order to exterminate humanity.

Henchmen of the Devil who betrayed humanity.

And some of the second-year Royal Class members, including Ellen, had become very important people.

Emperor, Bertus de Gradias.

Warrior, Ellen Artorius.

Adelia, the creator of the Power Cartridge and Titan.

Heinrich, the flame wizard.

Christina, the creator of Moonshine.

Ludwig had never been too conscious of being their classmate, but facing Rowen's astonishment, he was reminded that his classmates, with the exception of the Devil and Ellen, were too large to be easily discussed.

Rowen looks at Ludwig with a mixture of fear and curiosity, somehow afraid, but unable to contain her curiosity.

"What was the devil like?"

"......."

What Reinhardt was like.

As a freshman, Reinhardt was a below-average student, albeit an A student, and Ludwig wasn't sure if that was a facade to hide his true power or his true self.

Ludwig has seen many forms of the Devil, though not of the same class.

He was violent and abrasive.

I couldn't say it was evil.

But now that Gate has happened, Reinhardt is evil.

"Well....... I don't know."

On the contrary, after all the time they had spent together, Ludwig could only feel sorry for himself, saying that he didn't seem to know the slightest bit about Reinhard.

"I thought I knew a little bit, but now that I think about it, I don't think I did."

"......Yes."

Ludwig stares up at the ashen winter sky.

"Except that the devil....... One day, he will surely......."

As an underdog, as a loser, there's only one thing you can do.

"I just wish they would pay for everything they've done."

Longing for a non-existent punishment.

And the curse.

That was it.



* * *



Rowen and Ludwig crossed the cordon's demarcation point and entered the plague zone.

Ludwig and Rowen both wear masks.

The plague-ridden area was off-limits like it was yesterday, and when Rowen showed some sign, the guards obediently opened the way.

"......."

"This is what I do, and I see it often, but I just can't get used to it."

Once inside the epidemic zone, Ludwig couldn't help but notice how different the atmosphere was from outside.

The rest of the place was just as grim and gloomy, but you could practically smell the death wafting through the cold air.

The guards pulling the carts were heading somewhere, loaded with skinny bodies, and smoke was rising from the direction they were headed.

When Ludwig heard the word plague, he imagined a terrible, grotesque pestilence that spread like wildfire and ate people in a matter of hours.

But the bodies didn't show any signs of the plague.

It's just a bunch of people who are too weak, too sick to die.

Ludwig watches in disbelief as they are loaded onto a cart and driven away, dying of nothing more than an insignificant disease.

The entire area is cordoned off, and the people inside will soon be dying of the plague, even if they aren't sick.

This is probably what's happening all over the ecliptic refugee camps.

Once you've cleaned up this area, you're not done.

New epidemics will continue to arise, and people will continue to die from trivial infectious diseases unless the underlying issues are addressed.

"Now what and how......."

"I'm going to go through the streets and offer a prayer of purification, all you have to do is follow me."

"Are you sure you don't want anyone to see you praying......."

Rowen shakes his head at the suggestion that it might be dangerous.

"Mr. Ludwig."

"Yes, Priest."

"I wonder if there's anyone here who has the stamina to take me down, and if so, that would be a good thing."

"ah......."

"Extreme situations are more of a what-if, and it's unlikely that Ludwig will step in."

It's not that we haven't had problems, but rest assured, it's not a common occurrence," Rowen smiles.

Most people don't even have the energy to express their hatred with violence.

If they do, all you have to do is run away with Rowen in tow.

"And it's not like I'm singing loudly, most people think I'm a crazy woman walking around mumbling to myself."

Rowen said it in a playful way to reassure Ludwig, and Ludwig couldn't help but laugh in spite of himself.

But he wasn't kidding, he was serious.

Ludwig watches Rowen wander the deserted streets, head bowed, mumbling prayers to himself.

From what she said, she didn't look like anything other than a crazy woman who had lost her mind.



* * *



There was no brilliant white light, no gentle golden glow.

At Ludwig's side, Rowen walked through the shacks filled with unprocessed bodies and coughing, mumbling unintelligible prayers.

The murmurs sounded ominous when overheard, but when listened to properly, they clearly contained the contents of a purification prayer to Tuan, the god of purity.

The only thing that convinced us that we were doing something right was that the stench that had been wafting through the streets was disappearing, even in this cold weather.

Off to the side, Rowen was reciting a prayer, each step deliberate.

Later, the plague may break out in other parts of the country, but this terrible disease in this street will surely disappear, and the sick will be healed.

-The will of purity, which rejects corruption, decay, and nightmares.......

Ludwig suddenly found the whole thing bizarre.

This epidemic, with so many people dying in vain, even if it's not a deadly disease.

A single prayer.

It's sobering to think that a plague can be wiped out by a single priest.

How is this possible?

Is this the power of the gods and a miracle.

Though men may feel betrayed by two of the Five Great Givers and deny them, the power of the gods benefits men to an absurd degree.

Ludwig suddenly realized.

If humanity can survive, no matter how this ends.

The power of the gods is eternal, and the people will restore their faith, if only to receive the power and grace of Tuan and Als.

Divine power is different from any action that uses mana as a resource.

While different priests have different abilities, divine power does not require a price.

Another mystery, apart from psychic powers, divine power is a costless miracle that is manifested by the mere act of believing in something.

Why the gods.

He does great miracles in the world.

Why the gods.

Did you choose to be that way?

The prayer was long.

The blighted area itself was large, but Rowen walked very slowly, praying.

By evening, the entire area was cleaned up. Luckily, it went off without a hitch.

"I think we're finally getting somewhere....... Mmm. Mmm. Hmmm!"

Rowen had been reciting the prayer for over eight hours, and she could almost taste her throat. His throat was so hoarse he could barely hear his own voice.

I'd been praying for eight hours without a sip of water, so I had no choice.

He could heal his own throat, but he didn't want to do anything conspicuous, so Rowen cleared his throat and coughed a few times.

Ludwig stares at Rowen, wondering if he has to do this all the time.

Turn on the stretch so that she stretches.

"Mmmm! Hmmm......! Gee, that's a weird sound........ Anyway, I'm glad nothing happened today."

"Yes....... Thank you for your service, Priest."

"By the way......."

Rowen looks at Ludwig with a slightly sheepish look in his eyes, as if he can't help but be tired.

"What were you thinking?"

Whether he was praying or watching Ludwig's complicated expression, Rowen asked curiously.

Nothing much happened, no threats.

So being by Rowen's side for such a long time made Ludwig very tired.

I saw the greatness of God.

And I saw God's inscrutability.

It evokes a certain fear, despair, and hope all at once.

Because that's what God is.

"If the gods are so gracious....... why did they choose the devil?"

It is the Great God who bestows such a great miracle without payment.

But why did Als and Tuan, not just one, but both, choose the demon that brought so much disaster and despair to the world?

Ludwig could not understand it, no matter how much he thought about it.

The gods seem to be gracious, but in the larger scheme of things, they seem to want disaster even more.

Like so many others. Ludwig was both grateful and desperate for the gods' unearned power.

At Ludwig's words, Rowen stares at him.

"Ludwig, the gods are not on our radar."

"......."

"They see things we can't see, and they know things we don't know."

A number of logics have been created to affirm Alsatuan's choice of demigods in the five major pantheons.

The gods were not wrong.

The classic logic is that the gods are aligned so that what is happening now will eventually have a good ending.

Even the evil actions of the devil will eventually bring about good.

Just because a holy object is given to a demon doesn't mean that the demon is right.

The logic is that the demon's arrogance in holding the holy object is also part of the gods' plan, and will eventually lead to his destruction.

The five major schools of thought created a lot of logic to say that God is right and the devil is wrong, but that's the bottom line.

Everything is calculated, and the devil is just being used by the gods.

The Devil will eventually pay for his arrogance and cruelty, and will suffer eternal torment in the afterlife before the judgment seat of the gods.

That there will be an ending that benefits humanity in the end.

No one knows what it is, but it's an irresponsible story, perhaps, that the gods are so great they must have thoughts.

"Are you saying that all of this is the plan of the gods, that it will be good for humanity in the end....... Are you saying that through things like this?"

What good would come of all this horrific despair and death? Ludwig could see no such thing.

At Ludwig's exasperation, Rowen shakes his head.

"Well?"

"......Yes?"

"I'm not sure."

Ludwig was taken aback by this somewhat innocent demeanor.

"I don't dare to gauge the will of the gods, but isn't it possible?"

Rowen's words were similar to Ludwig's.

"Mr. Ludwig."

Rowen says.

"Isn't believing that the gods necessarily seek the good, rather, an act of daring to redefine their will?"

"Is that ......?"

"Is there any reason why the gods shouldn't wish for the extinction of the human race?"

"Moo, what do you mean......."

"The world and humanity are a byproduct of the gods."

With the smile of an innocent priest.

"It's up to the gods to lend their power to the byproducts without payment, or to take them away."

"Yes......? What are you talking about......."

"The gods may be wishing for the destruction of the human race."

"!"

"To believe that the gods always seek the good. No, it's blasphemy to believe that the gods always make choices for humanity."

Ludwig realizes the obvious.

In this situation.

In this environment.

In this reality.

"Didn't the gods ever say that the good they seek is the same as the good of man?"

A priest still in the service of Tuan and the Als cannot be sane.





Episode 578.





The will of the gods is beyond human comprehension.

The gods see farther and wider than we do.

And.

The idea that gods must be for the good of humans may also be a preconceived notion or misconception that has arisen from a long history of faith.

What the gods think is good may not be what we think is good.

If the destruction of humanity is good for the gods, then they may want it.

So, the gods may wish for the destruction of man.

Ludwig was stunned by Rowen's words.

There are believers and priests who have betrayed Tuan and Als.

But those who left weren't the only ones who changed their minds.

Those who remained could only endure if they changed their minds.

I had to change my mindset to keep the faith.

"That, that....... If the gods want something like that....... then why the hell are you helping people?"

"It's an assumption, it's not the truth."

The will of the gods is the realm of the inscrutable.

"I'm just doing what I can in my position."

Rowen doesn't know what the will of the gods is, but he does his best.

If you want to be destroyed, you will be destroyed.

If there's a good ending to this, we'll just have to wait for it.

"If everything is the will of the gods, then this behavior is part of that will, so I'm just doing what I think is my part."

It doesn't mean that I can do whatever I want because my actions are part of God's will.

It means doing the best you can.

Wander the refugee camps, purifying them, pouring water on the poison that lies beneath.

The mindset is that of a madman, but the behavior is that of a saint.

But there's also the danger of self-rationalizing that it's okay to do anything.

The logic that my actions are all subject to the will of the gods is, in effect, to assign responsibility for everything I do to the gods.

Ludwig felt both offended and sublime at the priest in front of him.

"I personally hope this all comes to a good end, but if it doesn't, I guess it's just the way it is."

It's more like resignation, but not giving up on action.

If the gods wish for destruction, we must accept it without resenting them.

It was pure faith, without a shred of doubt.

"I'm....... I'm not sure."

Ludwig could not understand the gods, of course, nor could he understand Lowen, whose faith was so pure as to be extreme.

Rowen looked at Ludwig and smirked.

"These are chaotic times, so it's natural to feel confused."

The good news.

Rowen's point was that he wasn't a fanatic who was angry that others didn't understand or affirm his beliefs.

"It's cold out, shall we turn around?"

"Oh....... Yeah."

That's it for today's to-do list.

Somewhere along the way, Ludwig and Rowen heard the sound of horses' hooves.

Not one, not two, but a group of steeds.

Ludwig and Rowen scrambled to the side of the road to avoid the approaching horses in the distance.

A group of guards on dozens of warhorses rides up the main street of the refugee camp.

Guards patrolling the area don't ride steeds.

And Ludwig could see the manes of the horses, the armor of the guards, and the stains of blood on their helmets.

It's a sign of battle.

People on the street duck into the shacks. Rowen watches the scene and says, "I'm sorry.

"It's a slaughterhouse."

"Oh....... They're......?"

"Yeah, thanks to them, the monster problem is gone."

What Ludwig wanted to do.

Culling squads to deal with monsters outside the ecliptic.

Without a word, Ludwig stared blankly at the guardsmen riding silently by on their warhorses, not casting a single glance at the refugees.

I'd rather have that job. Killing monsters didn't require much thought, and they seemed to be far removed from the normal duties of guards, as if they only needed to be involved in mopping up.

It doesn't have to be a death squad.

Something you don't have to think about.

If only I could keep doing what I'm doing today.

With that in mind, I couldn't help but look at the back of my head.

"Shall we go?"

Rowen tugged on Ludwig's sleeve.



* * *



Rowen and Ludwig returned to the Guard and reported that the cleanup was complete. They could now lift the blockade on the plague epicenter.

But what's the point, Ludwig thought, and he couldn't get it out of his head.

Priests are scarce, and plagues continue to break out.

Even if it's not a plague, the slightest chill from the cold is enough to kill you.

Ludwig even seemed to understand Lowen a little bit.

She's the one who travels to the refugee camps to clean them up and drive out the plague.

She knew best that it would solve nothing. In her despair, Rowen could only bear it if she thought there was meaning to it all.

But she couldn't see how this despair could possibly lead to anything good.

It made me think that the gods might abandon us.

If the gods had abandoned us, we could only keep our faith in the idea that we had to affirm it.

Ludwig couldn't help but feel sorry for Rowen, who had seemed so strange, as he realized that perhaps he had become that way out of the deepest despair of all.

'Maybe that's why.......'

So I asked.

What the devil is like.

How evil they really are.

He asked because the nature of the demon would give him some idea of the will of the gods.

"Ludwig, why don't we go back to the ecliptic together, we're on the same road anyway."

"Oh, yeah. If you don't mind, I can send you an email at......."

Ludwig felt that the frail-looking priest was a candle that would be extinguished by the slightest winter breeze.



* * *



Leaving the Refugee Zone and returning to the ecliptic.

In fact, Ludwig did nothing today. He simply walked beside Rowen for a while, keeping an eye on his surroundings, ready for any eventuality.

But the fatigue was worse than yesterday.

Seeing the horrors was like seeing them yesterday, but the emotional toll was higher.

That the gods might wish for man's destruction.

That the idea that the Five Great Gods are for the benefit of humans may be wrong.

The words confused Ludwig.

"Are you going to a different zone tomorrow?"

"Tomorrow, I'm going to come back to District 17 to make sure the epidemic has really stopped, and then I'm going to District 15, and then I'm going to District 6, and then I'm going to....... I'll have to go check that out, because I'm sure there's more places I need to go. The list goes on."

"Aren't you tired?"

"Priests who can use their healing powers are far removed from the notion of being exhausted. Mental fatigue is inevitable, but when you think of the people who need to get through the day, you can't afford to be that hard on them, can you?"

"......I see."

Ludwig couldn't help but notice that Rowen wasn't sleeping well, even though she hadn't mentioned it.

Even though we were out of the epidemic zone, the refugee camps were not much different.

I see the same despair everywhere.

"Guard work. You're not used to it, are you?"

Ludwig couldn't help but shake his head at Rowen's words.

"My expression says it all....... in my face."

"Yeah, because he's so different from the other guards."

Ludwig would have been an oddity to Rowen, as he would have been escorted by guards who treated refugees like bugs.

"Mr. Ludwig."

"Yes, Priest."

Rowen looks at Ludwig.

"If you don't mind my asking, may I have you guard me again tomorrow?"

"Is that ......?"

Tomorrow, Rowen would go to a different sector, and the other guards would be manned.

"You know, the guards are....... kill people too easily."

"......a."

"It's painful to watch."

So far, I've been traveling around the refugee camps, and it hasn't been without its problems.

Rowen had seen escort guards make extreme choices in extreme situations.

Ludwig is not used to this, even if he pretends to be, and is reluctant to kill people.

He was even relieved when I told him to take her and run if anything happened.

Rowen knows Ludwig won't do anything extreme, so she asks him to escort her.

Ludwig hesitates.

Part of me wanted to nod coldly, but I wasn't sure if I could really help Rowen.

"Nothing happened today, but....... I wonder if a body like this can protect a priest in times of real danger......."

"You said you were confident."

"......."

"You can also do enchantments, shouldn't that be enough?"

We're not fighting, we're just picking it up and running.

Ludwig had nothing to say to Rowen's words.

People are precious, and Ludwig is, by definition, a precious person.

And Rowen is a valuable resource.

The priest who cleanses the plague, the one who guards it.

It doesn't matter how much of a band-aid it is, it's necessary.

It's not like you're fighting a dangerous monster, as Bertus and others worry. Your escort would rather run away if something goes wrong.

It's not risky, and there's little room for value judgment.

Soon.

It's safe to say that this is the most positive thing that has happened to Ludwig to date.

I admire the work of a martial artist because it's a no-brainer.

Similarly, this is a no-brainer and something people need to do.

"I'd have to get permission from the captain of the guard, but....... I see no reason not to."

"I'm so happy for you, Ludwig."

Ludwig smiled awkwardly at Rowen's wry smile.

By the way.

Today.

We've talked about it a lot.

In those words.

Did I mention I know how to do disenchantment?

Ludwig said no such thing.

I had a small question.





Episode 579.





After leaving the refugee camp, Rowen made his way to the Temple of Tuan in the outer reaches of the ecliptic.

"Is that where you live?"

"I tend to rest at the temple closest to where I need to be the next day, so I don't really have a favorite place."

As vast as the refugee zone is, so is the ecliptic, so she has been wandering the ecliptic with no fixed abode, resting wherever the Five Great Houses are.

"I need you here tomorrow at nine o'clock at the latest, and if you're late, I'm going to dump you, okay?"

Ludwig scratched the back of his head in confusion at Rowen's playful comment.

"Yes, I'll be sure to come."

Helping Rowen is a stopgap measure, but a necessary one.

Just being able to help with that seemed to take some of the pressure and gravity off Ludwig.

If I had been smart, if I had been wise, I would have known what the right thing to do was.

When Ludwig was faced with a difficult task, he was confronted with his own limitations.

So for the lost Ludwig, Lowen was, in a sense, salvation.

Temple of Tuan.

The temple was in a state of decay.

The area was deserted, and the gatekeepers looked tired, as if they were afraid of spreading uncleanliness.

Not only that, but the stone walls of the temple had been defaced with graffiti that was barely legible.

The decrepit state of the temple and the graffiti spoke of the people's anger and hatred of the Tuan faith.

The temples of Tuan and Als looked like this everywhere.

It's avoided, has few devotees, and people secretly vandalize it.

"Shabby, right?"

"What? Ah......."

"Sometimes they want to start a fire."

Arson attempts beyond graffiti and defacement.

Ludwig could only stare in disbelief.

"Is that as good as......?"

"Right."

There was a deep sadness in Rowen's expression as he said that, though he said it nonchalantly.

People treat the Temple of Tuan as if it were a temple to a demon.

Ludwig approaches the entrance to the temple.

Then the faces of the gatekeepers changed.

Like you're nervous about something.

Obviously, he wasn't nervous to see himself.

The priests' eyes turn to Ludwig's right.

"Great, Archbishop, you've done a great job today!"

"Yeah, you guys had a hard time too."

Archbishop.

Ludwig froze at the words.

"See you tomorrow, Ludwig."

"What? Ah....... Yes, yes!"

Rowen looked at Ludwig and bowed his head slightly, then went inside.

Come to think of it, he said priest, but Rowen didn't say what rank he held.

Ludwig didn't ask, either, so Rowen wasn't deliberately deceiving, just not telling him what he didn't need to know.

I was just assuming it was a layman.

But.

He realizes that a priest with the divine power to cleanse a vast refugee camp of plague with a simple prayer is no ordinary priest.

If an archbishop wanders into a refugee camp alone, unescorted by paladins, does that mean he's a great man?

Or does it mean that the Order of Tuan has declined as it should.

When Ludwig realized that the priest he'd been walking with all day was an archbishop of the Tuan Order, a group he'd never normally encounter, he froze for a moment.

He even went so far as to ask, in front of the archbishop, why the gods had chosen the devil.

We don't know if Rowen was being merciful because of the circumstances, but under normal circumstances, he would have committed a blasphemy that would have been unspeakable if he had been hauled before the Inquisitor.

Rowen was an archbishop, not a lay priest.

He was an incredibly high ranking priest.

But Ludwig is a fool.

'If you're an archbishop....... How high is he?

I was surprised to learn that Rowen was a high ranking officer, but I had no idea where it was.



* * *



I knew what the Temple School of Magic was doing, and I'd seen it in action.

It wasn't just bringing a dead mage back to life as a Reach, it was doing more than that. It's a half-hearted resurrection that restores his abilities but not his memories or his self.

It was nothing like Lich or Deathknight.

I relayed my findings to Sarkegar.

We didn't see any connection to the Black Order right away, and even if we did, we decided to take the risk and take no action on this one.

If the end of the gate crisis is the only good in the world, then anything that makes it happen a little faster is a better good.

Therefore, I will turn a blind eye to what the Empire is doing.

It was a bit of a gamble to meet Bertus in person, but it paid off.

There's no telling where this and my conversation with Bertus will lead, but it was the best I could come up with at the time.

I didn't go back to Edina right away.

Honestly.

Right now, Ellen would be crying and scouring the temple if I were gone.

If he leaves me here and doesn't return to the Allied lines, I'm stuck here.

You don't want to create a missing cat incident that will affect Ellen's mental state.

If you're in a hurry, you can also leave Sarkegar behind, alas.

In any case, we're stuck in the temple for the time being.

Late in the evening, the banquet hall is filled with people who have returned late from running errands. The evening was well and truly over, but the banquet hall had preserves for the late arrivals, so they could at least get something to eat, if not a full meal.

Ellen and Heinrich on ecliptic patrol again today.

Neither of them seem to have done anything out of the ordinary today. I don't know about anything else, but the monster problem seems to be under control.

The last thing you need is a monster problem. The marauders outside the ecliptic aren't just guards or knights, they're resurrected war heroes.

The exact task is not to kill the monsters in the first place, but to make sure they are controlled well enough to be put into action.

There's nothing for Ellen and Heinrich to do, because they're shooting missiles, not cattle prods.

Plus Ludwig, who'd just gotten back from a late night of guard duty.

There was no reason to sit separately, so the three of us sat around the table eating a late dinner.

Ellen eats dry bread and water.

Heinrich is jerky.

In front of Ludwig was a piece of hard bread.

They knew it was a luxury, so they were inclined to share it.

Since it was late, there were only a few people in the ballroom.

I was sitting at the kitchen table in my cat form, listening to them talk. Ellen held out a piece of dried jerky, but I didn't take a bite.

I'm not really hungry.

You hate wasting food, and so do I.

Ellen tapped the bridge of my nose a few times as I turned away from the jerky, then popped it into her own mouth as if to say, "I'm not going to force feed you.

"Archbishop?"

"Uh, how high is an archbishop?"

As soon as Ludwig returned, he sat down next to Heinrich over some hard bread and a glass of water and asked.

What does the Archbishop have to do with the Guard?

Heinrich bites into a jerky and grunts at Ludwig's question.

"Well....... that should be the case."

"What do you mean, often?"

"Because we don't know if the archbishop is an archbishop in rank or an archbishop as head of an archdiocese."

"...... Archbishop? What's that?"

Heinrich stares at Ludwig as he asks the question.

Is Ludwig's brain going to overload, or is your brain going to overload as I explain?

If you think about it, Heinrich, this guy's head isn't in the right place, but he's not as stupid as Ludwig.

Heinrich opens his mouth, looking thoughtful.

"I don't know all the details, but from what I understand, the archbishop is the priest in charge of the archdiocese, but not all archbishops are in charge of the archdiocese. There are archdeacons who are in charge of archdioceses, and then there are priests who are archdeacons because they have completely different roles, so even within the archdiocese, technically, they do different things, and there are different hierarchies."

"......."

At that, Ludwig is silent and looks at Heinrich.

"Uh, I'm sorry, ....... What the hell is an archdiocese?"

"Ah."

It's not a matter of understanding.

It's not that I don't understand it, it's that I don't know it.

Heinrich stiffened, his mouth slightly open as if he didn't know where to begin.

"Think easy."

Eventually, our Ellen stepped in.

"If you're a bishop, you're in charge of three or four temples, and if you're an archbishop, you're in charge of dozens of temples. Not all of them, but that's a good way to think about it."

"Oh....... lord or something?"

"Yes. I think of bishops as lords and archbishops as great lords, and there are actually some things that priests do that are like lords, like episcopal orders and archbishop orders, though that's kind of obsolete now."

It's not like a lord, but an episcopal or archbishopric is actually a lord.

A bishop is a lord, and an archbishop is a high lord, was Ellen's heavily abbreviated but fairly acceptable explanation to Ludwig.

"So you're a very high priest, then?"

"Yeah, the only priests above that are cardinals and the Pope."

"But what's this about there being a hierarchy even among archbishops?"

Heinrich talks nonsense, which makes Ludwig wonder.

Ellen remained silent, popped the bun into her mouth, and mulled it over for a while, then took a sip of water and said, "I'm sorry.

"An archbishop who oversees all the temples of the ecliptic."

"Serandia, the last city we captured, was also a large city, so there must have been an archbishop in charge of all the temples in Serandia."

"Archbishop of the Ecliptic, Archbishop of Serandia."

"They are both archbishops, but who is more senior?"

At Ellen's question, Ludwig nodded with an ah-ha moment.

"You must be the Archbishop of the Zodiac?"

"Something like that."

Ellen nodded, seeing that she had gotten it pretty much right.

"But is there an archbishop who controls the entire zodiac?"

"...... I don't know because I'm not a member of the Crusader Knights or the Five Great Houses. But Huangdao is the city with the most temples on the entire continent, so I'm sure it's a bit more subdivided, with archdioceses, and maybe even a different rank of Archbishop in the first place......."

Ellen is about to explain something when she looks at Ludwig.

"I don't know."

Ellen said nothing and bit into her bread.

Yes.

Don't explain.

He doesn't understand anyway.

An archbishop is a high rank, but it's important to understand that there are ranks within archbishops.

But our Ludwig had a more curious look on his face.

"So cardinals and popes are higher ranking than archbishops anyway?"

"Yes."

"And what rank is a crusader knight?"

a.

Yeah, you might be wondering about that.

"Cardinals and above, popes and below."

Ellen's answer was short.

"The position of the Crusader Master is ambiguous, as the position never existed in the first place. He is actually below the Pope, but above the Pope in power, so he's actually on par with the Pope."

"I see......."

"But why is the archbishop suddenly?"

Heinrich asked, and I was thinking about it.

Why does he want to know this?

Ludwig explained what had happened today.

A plague-ridden area, and being tasked with escorting a priest.

And then there's the fact that when it was all over, I realized that the priest I thought was a layman was actually an archbishop.

"The Archbishop himself is doing it, and he's not even escorted by paladins?"

"This must be pretty serious."

Neither Heinrich nor Ellen seemed shocked to hear that the archbishop was on his feet.

If there are any clerics left, we'll have to cut them up and scatter them throughout the refugee camps. Escorting is better done with the help of the Guard.

"I think I'll be escorting him back to work tomorrow."

"That's great."

He's been looking pretty confused lately, but I can tell by the look on his face that today's work was pretty rewarding.

It's not dangerous, and it's something people need.

And, as much as it pains me to say it, it's a never-ending job.

The pandemic will keep popping up here and there, so the job will literally never end until the hunger problem on the ecliptic is gone.

It's a vicious cycle that never ends.

While nothing happened today, there's no guarantee that nothing will happen in the future.

"Well, when you think about it, maybe that's not such a strange thing."

Heinrich said.

"Isn't that weird?"

"An archbishop-level priest moving alone."

"Oh....... I heard that's because priests are needed for a lot of things."

"No, I'm saying there might be a lot of archbishop-level priests, so he might be traveling alone."

"Huh?"

"Most of the places you could call archdioceses have been destroyed, which is why there are so many archbishops in the Alliance garrisons, the Crusaders, and the ecliptic."

"Maybe."

Can a lord be called a lord if he has lost his lands?

If so, an archbishop who lost his archdiocese to administer could still be called an archbishop.

So, Heinrich said, with the archbishopric clustered around the ecliptic, it might not be strange for a priest of that caliber to be traveling alone, and I thought that sounded pretty plausible.

No place in the world was safe, so high priests flocked to the ecliptic.

As a result, there are now more archbishop-level priests than you would normally see.

Most of them are probably in the Allied forces by now, and those who aren't may be wandering the streets trying to clean up the plague like this.

Rather, the power of the high priests is concentrated.

But it's still a laughable situation of understaffing.

In fact, that's a given.

There are more survivors concentrated in the ecliptic than there are priests.

Still, he's an archbishop.......

-Angel

"Why?"

This is something.

It's cheap.





580 episodes





Ludwig reported to the Captain of the 17th Guards and was assigned to escort Lowen.

After confirming that the progress of the epidemic in Zone 17 had completely stopped, we headed to Zone 15.

As Rowen says, extreme situations don't happen that often.

Twice at most.

The disturbance was not caused by the discovery of the priest's identity, but by the encounter with the robbers, and Ludwig's escape with Rowen in his arms.

Once he ran away, once he was blocked on all sides, and once Ludwig beat him with only his left arm, and Bomu walked away.

The robbers made the mistake of assuming Ludwig was a one-armed man.

Thus, it had been four days since Ludwig had taken over Lowen's guard.



* * *



A four-day escort mission.

Nothing much had happened in the meantime, and since they were traveling back and forth and had to be together all day, they couldn't help but talk about things.

Rowen had a frail appearance, but he was quite a bright guy.

He also wasn't one to talk about his high status.

We acted as if there was little formality.

Ludwig, who was quite ignorant of formalities, could not help but be grateful to Lowen.

So they talked a lot during that time.

"It was in a place called Cielan in the Kingdom of Lucepena, which you probably don't know, but I was a bishop there, not an archbishop."

This was Lowen's answer to Ludwig's question about where he had been an archbishop.

"So....... Gate debacle, you became an archbishop?"

"There's a shortage of people, there's a lot of deaths, and when there's a vacancy, someone has to fill it, so I took on a position that was overflowing."

The vacancy must be filled by someone, which is why Lowen said he was appointed archbishop despite his inability to do so.

"Was it correct to say that the archbishop....... as an archbishop?"

"No, just call me plain, and I'd rather you call me by my first name than call me priest."

Rowen looks at Ludwig and frowns.

"You're walking around in a place where you have to be careful in a lot of ways, right?"

Only then did Ludwig realize that calling him priest for a few days was a pretty risky move.

"That....... I see, I'm sorry."

"No, nothing much has happened so far."

Rowen points to a refugee camp just beyond the ecliptic boundary.

"Let's go, I have a lot of work to do today."

"Yes, Priest....... No, Mr. Rowen."

"You can count me out, Ludwig, because I'm counting you out."

Rowen smiles grimly and walks ahead of Ludwig.

Rowen was a bishop in a city that had already vanished, in a country that had already vanished.

After the gate incident, she somehow managed to survive and make it to the ecliptic.

And in a situation where someone had to fill the void, Rowen filled it.

He wasn't always an archbishop, he was appointed one after Gate.

"Are you being made an archbishop by doing this?

Ludwig shook his head and followed Rowen's lead.

It is the fourth day since Ludwig accompanied Archbishop Lowen.

There were still many streets in the Huangdao refugee camp that needed to be cleaned up, and more were popping up.

And little by little.

Snow was falling from the sky.



* * *



My freshman year at Temple.

Sometime during the second semester group mission.

The day I was immediately eliminated from the group mission and stood by.

When you're in an open-air bath with only one wall between you and Ellen, who was equally eliminated on the first night.

Ellen asked.

Do you like snow.

To be honest, I didn't think about snow. Or, more accurately, I didn't have time to think about it.

But I dared to step into the snowy open-air bath.

Because there's no reason to.

So, at that point, I replied that I think I like snow.

Yes.

I don't have an appreciation for snow, but as it turns out, I think I like it.

I'm alone in Ellen's room, in the Class A dorm, without Ellen and Heinrich.

Perched on the window sill, I stare out the snowy window.

There are many types of snow.

There's sleet, there's sleet, there's sleet, there's sleet, and there's a blizzard that Riana can summon.

Clearly, I liked the snow.

I loved the snow that fell with Ellen, and Harriet and Ellen. I also have fond memories of building a snowman with them.

If it's snow, hammock snow.

I loved the snow that fell until it covered the world.

I look from inside the window at the snow falling outside the window.

It is painful just to imagine the lives that the falling snow will swallow.

The snow falling now is flurries.

I didn't like that kind of snow because it didn't feel like snow, it felt lonely, like it was just a type of wind.

Because snow that doesn't pile up isn't snow.

That's what I thought.

But I'm glad it's just a light dusting of snow.

If it was piling up, if it was pouring, there would be just as many people suffering as if it was falling.

May this snow not pile up.

May it snow, and may it not be a blizzard.

I stare blankly out the window at the snowy sky.

Let's call Riana.

and ask him to stop the eye of the zodiac.

Not to kill monsters, but to save people.

But the harder you work, the sicker he gets, and if you ask him to keep you warm through the winter of the ecliptic, he'll do just that.

Now that we've melted the snow, we should also make sure that people don't suffer from the cold.

It will be at least three months from now before winter is fully over.

If she had to exert herself for three whole months, she'd be crazy by the time winter came around.

Riana's power is for war. It must be conserved.

It's a war to save someone's life, but you have to turn a blind eye to someone dying for it.

It's snowing.

The snowflakes were getting thicker and thicker.

Now, I hate snow.



* * *



The snow soon turned into hammock snow and began to fall across the ecliptic.

The good news is that it wasn't accompanied by a strong winter wind.

"It's snowing quite a bit."

"That's a big deal."

Ludwig and Rowen sighed as they realized that the plague progress in Sector 38, which they had just cleared yesterday, was completely over.

It was snowing hard, and both Rowen and Ludwig were covered in white on the shoulders and hoods of their robes.

On the streets, most people huddled in the cold snow.

Rowen's complexion worsened as he looked at the shack, which didn't even provide adequate protection from the wind.

"I don't know if it's moderate or not......."

"There are a lot of people who can't stand the cold, right?"

At Ludwig's concerned question, Rowen shook his head as if that wasn't the problem.

"When it snows a lot, it's not the cold, it's the shacks that collapse, and that happened a lot last winter."

More people were crushed to death by collapsed shacks, and Lowen said the danger was not the cold caused by the snow, but the snow itself.

The harshness of nature.

Ludwig resented the gradual accumulation of snow, but he didn't know where to direct that resentment.

They walk toward their next destination.

Most of the refugees were looking up at the sky in frustration, while some of the children were simply running in the snow.

You like it because you don't know what you're looking at, Ludwig thinks as he watches.

"Before the world was like this, did you like snow?"

It was an unnecessary question now, when the snow looked like the mark of death. Ludwig stared blankly at the hammering snow falling from the sky.

"......I don't know."

I don't even remember if I liked or disliked the snow.

After Gate, it seemed like everything that came before it had been erased.

I didn't even remember it anymore, like it had become something that was pointless to have or not have.

It was as if the misery and despair was so great that it had consumed him. It was overwhelming just to think about what could be done.

Ludwig suddenly wondered if Rowen was still capable of thinking about such things.

"I, uh, liked it."

Rowen looks up at the sky and remains still.

"Lucepena, the kingdom I was in, was in the north of the continent, and half the year was winter, so it was very easy to see snow."

In a place where half the year is winter, it was hard for Ludwig to fathom what such a place would be like.

"Doesn't that make you hate snow......?"

When you see snow so often that you're sick of it, you're supposed to hate it, because it's actually a sign of cold, just like people are afraid of snow now.

"Well, just because it's common doesn't mean you shouldn't like it, right?"

"......I see."

"Lucepena was a winter country, and Cielan was high up in the mountains, so it was cold, there was a lot of snow, and I was born there."

Rowen's eyes turned to look very far away, as if he were contemplating his now-defunct home.

"I've had snowball fights with my friends, built snowmen, touched the snow until my hands froze to death, gotten frostbite, been scolded by priests, and lost count of the number of times I've been healed."

Recalling his childhood, Rowen smiled wistfully.

I touched my eyes until I got frostbite.

"Even after I was ordained a priest, there were quite a few times when I got into a snowball fight with monastery children and got scolded for my lack of stamina, and when I made a statue of a goddess out of snow, I was scolded by the bishop who told me not to make such things."

Rowen looked quite amused as he spoke.

"Not that I've really had to since I was elevated to bishop, but... well....... Yeah, Lucepena was a cold country, but it didn't matter, and Cielan was a particularly cold city, but it didn't matter, because the Empire was huge, and there were a lot of tourists coming to Cielan, the Land of Snow, thanks to the Warp Gate, and it was pretty scenic."

"That was the case until just three years ago."

"Even if it's freezing cold, even if it's snowing hard, even if you live in the most inhospitable place."

"Humans could live anywhere."

"I didn't know it then, but I think three years ago was the last golden age of humanity."

"That day may never come, maybe never come again."

When all you had to do was look for beauty in the eye.

It was only three years ago that humanity could live anywhere, when supply chains called warp gates connected every continent.

But now that everything has been destroyed, the past has become a lie.

"Now mankind must be afraid at the slightest chill, and the slightest snowfall from the sky keeps many sleepless at night."

A smaller humanity is threatened by the smallest things.

I never had to worry about heavy snowfall in my big, sturdy house, but now I live in a shack that collapses at the slightest hint of snow.

The shack doesn't even have a fireplace, and the winter winds aren't much better.

The golden age is over, and humanity has much to fear.

"Ludwig."

Rowen looks at Ludwig.

"Don't you like snow?"

At that, Ludwig gives a small, nervous nod.

"Yeah....... I think so."

At that, Rowen smiled sadly.

"Now I do."

They walk down the street.

Snow was slowly accumulating on the roofs of the shacks in the refugee camp on a cozy snowy day.



* * *



Lowen and Ludwig headed to the next sector, sector 42.

The snow had begun to accumulate, and I could hear it crunching underfoot.

After reporting to the guards in Sector 42, they headed to the plague outbreak area of the sector.

As he had done all along, Rowen walked the streets praying.

It wasn't often that Ludwig had to step up to the plate, so much so that he wondered if Rowen even needed him.

Of course, every time Ludwig said that, Rowen said that Ludwig was doing a good enough job of making him feel safe.

In the refugee camps, he has to watch out for robberies rather than attacks motivated by hatred of priests. For one thing, people don't even know Rowen is a priest.

Ludwig looked around, just in case, but saw nothing unusual. It was snowing and people were holed up in their shacks.

About three hours later, the snow was up to my ankles.

-pull!

There was a commotion in one corner of the refugee camp.

Both Rowen, who was praying, and Ludwig, who was assessing the situation, could not help but glance in that direction.

-Aigo! Aigo, help us! We are....... We're just.......

When Ludwig saw the people being dragged out of the shacks and the unknown jewelry around their necks and arms, he knew what it was.

Not unlike what we saw last time, wooden idols are dragged out into the street and trampled underfoot by guards.

-I've warned you before, if you bring this idol in here again, I'll burn it.

The five guards stare at the men, who, for the umpteenth time, are dumped on the ground.

Ludwig could only stare at Rowen in disbelief.

Rowen approaches the scene with a determined look on his face. Toward the guards, who look like they're about to spear the heretics to death.

"Wait, who is it?"

The guards pointed their spears at Rowen and Ludwig, as if to say don't come any closer.

"This is Rowen, the priest sent to do the cleanup, and he's my bodyguard, and he's been cleared by the 42nd Guard."

"Oh, you must be a priest, excuse me."

The guards lowered their weapons and nodded in acknowledgment as Rowen drew the holy symbol from his holster.

"May I ask what's going on?"

"Oh, that....... that......."

Rowen's tone was neither aggressive nor threatening.

But the guard sensed an unspoken pressure in Rowen's calm smile.

It was the same for Ludwig.

As if she were wearing a mask, Rowen's smile now was far too kind and gentle for this situation.

"Are they pagans?"

"Yeah....... Yeah, but they're probably the ones who don't know what they're praying for......."

Perhaps not as harsh as Ludwig's gunner, Sonntein, who had just been berating the infidels, the guard in charge seemed to defend those who had been dragged away when the priest appeared.

Rowen looks at the people lying face down in the snowy streets.

She stays still, staring at the shack they've been dragged out of.

"Do you mind if I come in?"

"Yes? Yes! Uh, feel free to......."

"Mr. Ludwig."

Rowen gestured to Ludwig, who was frozen in time.

As in follow me.

"You're welcome to join us."

Rowen said as he turned to the prone men.

Despite being technically the responsibility of the guards.

Rowen said, as if commanding.



* * *



A shack in an epidemic zone.

There were five of them praying.

There was an adult man, two elderly people, and two women.

Inside the shack, where he could barely stand upright, Rowen looked around, including at the behemoth inside the shack.

As if looking for something.

"Hmmm......."

In the eerie silence, Rowen was lost in thought, not talking to anyone, looking at something, scratching his head, staring at some giant, thinking for a long time.

After some time, Rowen picked up a small wooden idol lying in the center of the shack.

It was a piece of wood that looked like it had been molded into a human form.

"What were you praying about?"

Rowen, holding the idol, looked at them, trembling, and asked, "What is it?

No matter how much the priests are hated, they are only as powerful as their civilian numbers.

When the power of the authorities prevails, their hate or hatred has no power yet.

The old man shudders at Rowen's gentle question.

"That, that....... I hope the pandemic is over and everything works out for you......."

"Against this wooden doll?"

"......."

"What is this wooden doll?"

Rowen asks the old man.

"I'm asking you, is this your god? How is this wooden doll going to solve the plague?"

Rowen seemed genuinely curious.

The warmth of the question, mixed with the warmth of his smile, had struck fear into the hearts of everyone, even Ludwig.

"I really don't know, how does this wooden doll get to......."

-pot!

There is a small golden glow in Rowen's right hand.

"You believe you can perform these miracles, why on earth would you?"

For an instant, the golden glow from its radiance washed away the cold, and I felt the weakness in my body dissipate, and a sense of vitality fill my body.

Prayers to unidentified idols.

A real miracle of healing and purification.

Rowen looks at the pagans as if he doesn't understand the gap.

"I'm asking you, what is this wooden puppet, what does it represent, what do you believe, what are you trying to do?"

It's all very nice, but everyone is afraid.

The old man rambled on, unable to answer, but someone else spoke up.

"Yo....... 용사님......."

"......?"

"Hey, warrior....... for you."

The trembling young woman's words hardened Ludwig's expression as well as Rowen's.

A wooden idol that seems to mimic a human form.

He says it's an imitation of the warrior, Ellen Artorius.

"The warrior....... will save us all......."

At the young woman's trembling words, a stoic Rowen nods slowly.

"Oh....... I see."

Rowen stares at the wooden idol in silence.

Ludwig had an ominous premonition that something abysmal was stirring in Rowen's eyes.

However, after a few moments of silence.

Rowen gently set the wooden idol he was carrying down in the center of the room.

"That's right, a warrior is coming to save us all."

There are a lot of heresies out there.

However, martial religion could not be treated as a heresy.

"But why don't we sharpen it up so it won't be misunderstood in the future? It's a sculpture of a great warrior."

Rowen looks at the trembling cultists and smirks.

"Rumor has it that you're very, very beautiful."

Rowen quietly left the shack.

Episode 581.





Rowen knew that the pagans believed in warriors, but he did nothing about it.

In reality, Rowen had no right to punish or judge them, so there was no reason to do it in the first place.

But Ludwig was horrified by what he had just seen.

If I thought I had to use my hands, I felt like I would kill it.

I had been traveling with Rowen for about five days, but this was the first time I had seen him.

As it turns out, Ludwig never encountered any pagans while traveling with Lowen.

Mercenarism.

Rowen believed in the Five Great Houses, and as a priest of them, he had a lot to think about when it came to martial law.

An idol representing a warrior.

As he watched, Rowen's expression and eyes clearly changed.

Ludwig couldn't tell what it was, but he could see the emotion in her eyes, and it wasn't a positive one at that.

"Dragon Bridge......."

"......."

"Ludwig, do you think those people you saw earlier were really the Mercenaries?"

"Because they said so......."

"The martial arts are an excuse."

Rowen looks at Ludwig.

"There's quite a few pagans who pretend to be martial artists to hide their true beliefs, and if you say martial arts, they'll say yes, so it's a mask."

At that, Ludwig could only nod slowly.

Don't touch the Warrior Bridge.

That's why, in a pinch, you'll declare yourself a martyr, just in case they back down.

"Didn't they say earlier that....... You don't think they're mercenaries?"

"Well, I don't know, you know, the martial religions have their own beliefs, and they don't really have a definition of what it means to be a martial religion in the first place, do they?"

The Mercenary Order is not a specific group.

It's all over the place, like a folk religion, and it doesn't have a formalized system of beliefs.

Just believing that Ellen Artorius will save everyone.

It's just dozens or hundreds of derivative beliefs with variations within them.

Heroism is not forbidden.

But it's heresy. Ellen is not the Great Goddess.

Of course, when you get down to it, it's never irrelevant, but no one seems to know about it.

However, there are now many more believers in warrior religions than there are believers in the Five Great Gods. Therefore, the majority of pagans are no longer pagans.

This is because they have no substance, no core, and are impossible to root out.

Numerous pagans are killed by the guards, some of whom are also believers in the warrior religion.

But if you kill them all for believing in a warrior religion, the refugee camps will be devoid of people.

"Technically, many of the cults in the refugee camps may have their roots in martial religion."

There's no such thing as a true martial religion, even if you wear the mask.

"But that's ridiculous, it's the Mercenary Cult in the first place, what difference does it make if they wear masks?"

It's just a heresy that has gotten so big that it can't be a heresy anymore.

From the perspective of the Five Great Houses, warrior religion was a harsher faith than demonic religion.

Rowen looks to the sky and exhales.

"A warrior saves everyone......."

She looks at Ludwig and smiles.

"Ludwig must have lived in the temple with you?"

"It's ......."

Demons, and warriors.

Ludwig felt that it was somehow a strange and grotesque fate that he had been so close to this strange entanglement.

A demon hated by all.

The warrior who became everyone's hope.

I was one of the people who watched from the sidelines as they went about their, perhaps, normal lives.

I've been watching the false peace between the devil and the hero for quite some time.

Even now, Ellen was back at the Temple.

At this rate, I'd probably end up having dinner with Ellen with a bunch of people hanging on for dear life to see her toes.

Ludwig couldn't believe that such a thing was possible for a small, insignificant being like himself.

Those who wish to see Ellen's face chop down an unrecognizable tree and pray to it, and Ludwig is able to eat with her and talk about the day's events.

I even asked her what an archbishop was, and she graciously explained it to me.

People's idea of a warrior.

Ellen in the reality she can see.

The gap between them was too large.

"You said you weren't sure about the demon, but what about the warrior?"

"......."

Rowen asks curiously.

Even as a pretender, I couldn't help but notice that Rowen was less than enthusiastic about the Mercenary Order.

But isn't that the same as being a warrior?

Ludwig knows that people are arbitrarily projecting these expectations onto Ellen. The Order of the Dragon is completely unrelated to the real Ellen.

The real-life Ellen Artorius, not the warrior of the Dragonlords.

What she's like.

Ludwig didn't talk to Ellen much when the Temple was functioning.

Even after the Gate debacle, Ellen's encounters were few and far between, as she only headed to the most dangerous battlefields.

So, as the Allied armies marched on, the only thing I could do was talk to Ellen from time to time and watch from the Royal Class garrison.

Ellen is strong.

Ellen is great.

Ellen is self-sacrificing.

A million words raced through his head, but Ludwig didn't think they could sum up the kind of person Ellen was.

We all know the story.

Ludwig has seen Ellen.

Ellen lived closest to Reinhardt.

"Ellen is....... probably, the biggest victim of all this....... I think."

Victim.

Ludwig could not help but think.

Ellen stayed with Reinhardt, not knowing what to expect.

Technically, I think Ellen would have loved Reinhardt.

Maybe even now.

But the demon approached Ellen. No, the demon approached others as well.

When all hell broke loose, some followed the devil, but not Ellen.

Ellen is betrayed by Reinhard.

That's why you're not a victim.

When Ludwig thought of Ellen, always looking so determined, but with a deep sadness in her eyes, he couldn't help but say.

"Are you a victim......?"

"Yes."

Ludwig nodded at Rowen's words.

I didn't want to go into the details because it would hurt, and it's Ellen's personal story, and it would undermine people's trust in her.

I don't think I'm going to tell Rowen that a warrior might have loved a demon.

However, the victim.

I can only characterize myself as a victim of all this.

That's what I thought.

"ouch......."

Ludwig saw the corners of Rowen's mouth turn up.

"So, you know......."

For some reason, Rowen's strange laughter gave Ludwig an eerie feeling.

"......Is there a problem?"

At Ludwig's question, Rowen shook his head.

"No, just....... I'm just saying."

Rowen walked the streets again, praying, and Ludwig stood by him wordlessly.



* * *



By the time we were done cleaning up, the snow was ankle deep.

"Let's go, I'll have to come back tomorrow to check it out......."

Rowen didn't finish his sentence, but stopped walking.

An alleyway in a refugee camp.

A group of men, not exactly sturdy by any stretch of the imagination, but with obvious animosity, stood in Rowen and Ludwig's way.

When Ludwig turned around, there was another group of refugees blocking the exit.

Ludwig didn't know who they were or why they were blocking his way.

But obvious enemies.

And there were definitely some faces I recognized from earlier.

"Ludwig."

"Yes."

Ludwig immediately understood what Rowen was talking about.

Ludwig immediately grabbed Rowen by the waist and pulled her into a hug, hanging on to her side.

"Bam!"

I grabbed it so hard that Rowen let out a small squeal.

-Thump!

Ludwig's body, enveloped in blue energy, leaped a dozen meters in an instant, overtaking those who stood in his way.

Whatever their intentions were in approaching Rowen and Ludwig, it was impossible to keep up with their swift disappearance.



* * *



"Is that enough?"

"Yeah, maybe......."

Ludwig set Rowen down carefully, carrying her almost like a burden.

"Egoo......."

Rowen stretched his back and made a pained sound.

"That....... I'm sorry. I was too......."

"No, because I had no choice."

They managed to break free of the flimsy encirclement in a short time. But there were at least ten men surrounding Ludwig and Rowen.

It was very difficult to see it as a simple robbery. Rowen scratched his cheek in embarrassment.

"You saw those people earlier, right?"

"Yes....... obviously."

I've seen some, but not all, who have called themselves martial religionists.

I wouldn't say they were exactly reckless.

For one thing, Rowen is a frail-looking man, and even Ludwig is one-armed and unarmed.

It's no wonder they're more afraid of the spear-wielding guards than they are of Rowen and Ludwig.

The what ifs that Rowen was always talking about. Well, that just happened.

They were going to raid a priest, and Rowen is an archbishop-level priest.

The pagans even tried to kill her themselves.

"It's not unheard of for pagans to build up to dangerous levels of power, but I don't think that's what you just did."

"What happens when such a faction is formed?"

"Well? Anyway, isn't the important thing that it wasn't that this time?"

Rowen deliberately deflected.

"Let's go back, I'm glad no one got hurt."

But, as if to say that all was well, Rowen walked ahead, and Ludwig followed in a daze.

When they saw the pagans, they had some serious momentum, but now that they were about to be attacked, they had the attitude that they were done.

Ludwig couldn't get enough of Lowen.

But in the end, no one was hurt, and Ludwig was happy to move on.

"By the way, Ludwig, you're running really well, my eyes were spinning."

"Oh....... That....... is one of my few specialties."

Lowen smiled softly at Ludwig's modesty.

"Really? What other skills do you have?"

"I don't know....... I don't know, except that I'm a little more fit than most......."

"I don't think so. Isn't being able to enhance your magic already a huge feat?"

"What? Ah......."

"You know how many people despair because they can't even do that?"

What Rowen says is true.

Even if Ludwig is missing an arm and can't fight properly, the average person wouldn't be able to chase him down with a single leap.

The fact remains that Ludwig was a superhuman, a man who could never be categorized as ordinary.

"I thought Ludwig was a humble guy, but after being around him for a few days, I don't think that's the case."

"......."

"Humility without respect is just self-deprecation."

Humility is not about thinking of yourself as insignificant.

Ludwig thinks of himself as insignificant, so that's not humility.

Ludwig was left speechless when Rowen said he was only beating himself up.

Because Ludwig knows best.

"Do I need to?"

"I have lost loved ones....... lost."

"I see."

"If I had been a little stronger, if I had been a little wiser, if I had been a little better......."

Ludwig says, still, blank-eyed.

"I lost people I didn't have to lose if I was stronger....... and that's all I can think about."

In the end, I couldn't do anything but blame myself for my incompetence.

He wanted to die on the battlefield, but was driven out because he was a nuisance to others.

"At least I know I can still do something....... I guess that's a good thing."

I think Ludwig discovered something similar to hope in despair.

This work will eventually end, but it's necessary for everyone.

Helping Rowen. The only sensible thing he could do.

"That's why I'm grateful to the priest."

"Um......."

She shook her head.

"You do realize that priests in Tuan can't date or marry, right?"

"That's not what I meant at all......!"

"Oh, my God."

Rowen chuckled to himself as he watched Ludwig blush.

He's a weirdo.

Ludwig looked at Rowen and couldn't quite put his finger on it.

Thus, in Ludwig's eyes, Rowen was a strange man.

At first I thought he was a saint, with a twisted belief in God. But in the end, I didn't see him as a bad person because he was trying to do the best he could with his almost fanatical faith.

When I encountered the pagans, I was afraid they would do something to me, but they never did anything to me.

And they say strange things that don't make sense.

Ludwig had no idea who the priest in front of him was.

It's like he's a good guy, or he's a crazy guy, or he's a crazy guy and he's sane.

A priest from a cold country to the north.

Ludwig doesn't consider himself smart, but he doesn't easily forget what he's heard.

Ellen said.

A bishop is a lord, and an archbishop is a lord.

Not necessarily, but usually.

Heinrich said.

Many archbishops may have fled to the ecliptic. Maybe it's not so strange to see an archbishop-level priest roaming the streets.

Rowen said.

He said he was a bishop before Gate, but after Gate, he was given an undeserved position to fill someone else's void.

With so few lands untouched, there will be no Archbishop in the role of High Lord.

That said, Rowen is not an archbishop in the same capacity as a high lord.

It means that a person has been elevated to the rank of archbishop with responsibilities other than ruling a province or administering an archiepiscopal see.

Is this work of cleansing disease why he was given the office of archbishop?

"Rowen."

"Yes, Ludwig."

"Is what you do as Archbishop....... Is that all you do?"

"ouch......."

Rowen nods slowly, as if he knows what Ludwig is asking.

"Well, it's more of a modifier."

"Pronouns?"

"Yes."

Rowen walks calmly and exhales white breath.

"People keep dying in the ecliptic."

"It's ......."

"There's a lot of heresy."

"Right."

"Strange things keep happening in places that are not auspicious, where ominous things keep happening."

Rowen's expression darkened even more as he said this.

"You haven't seen Ludwig yet, but sometimes the dead rise from the dead."

"...... Is that enough?"

At the mention of the undead, Ludwig felt goosebumps all over his body.

"When unholy energy is misused, even stranger things happen: false rituals of heresy. Prayers to unholy powers."

"ouch......."

"The reason I looked a little weird earlier is because I've seen so many strange things while traveling around the refugee camps."

Sure, Rowen was smiling, but he couldn't hide his chill.

Was it because they were worried about the negative aftermath of a false consciousness?

"Isn't it pointless or too risky to ask for something from a power that you don't know if it exists or not, when you don't even have the right power to ask for it?"

"I see......."

"It's part of my job to see if that happens, and if it's something I can deal with, I deal with it."

It's a bit like cleaning up an epidemic.

Wander around looking for things that need to be done, and if you can do it, do it.

"Although something very strange has been happening lately, and we're looking into that."

"Anything weird?"

"......Ah, here we go."

Before we knew it, we were at the Temple of Tuan, where Rowen was staying.

"Ludwig, be careful going in there. You know tomorrow."

"Yes, you mean by nine o'clock?"

"Um, ....... But tomorrow, could you come in a little earlier than usual?"

"Is there something special about......?"

"No?"

Rowen looks at Ludwig and smiles.

"Tomorrow, let's have tea before we leave, just the two of us."

Rowen winked at Ludwig, then shuffled into the shrine.

What a weird guy.

Ludwig couldn't get it out of his head.

I had a strong feeling that she was about to say something and then stopped.

Weird stuff.

When I tried to ask about it, I felt like the conversation was cut off on her end.

And.

'You said you live from temple to temple.......'

Although it was only day five.

Rowen had yet to take up residence in a shrine other than this ramshackle one.

Ludwig returns to the temple.

Again, no one was hurt today.

Ludwig was satisfied and grateful for that alone.



* * *



-pot!

In a warp spot on the ecliptic, a group of people and supplies emerged with an intense flash of light.

Mass teleportation of supplies and personnel.

"This is......."

Louise von Schwarz was able to reach the snowy ecliptic gradient in the late night hours.

He arrived alone, without an entourage. He came alone because he was the only one authorized to enter the temple.

She looks around in the dark, snowy ecliptic.

"......?"

Naturally.

Without a single attendant, Ruiz didn't even know where she was on the ecliptic.

Louise must go to the temple.

However, since you have virtually no attendants, you have no way of knowing the way.

"What kind of snow is this......."

Even visibility is limited due to the falling snow.

So, instead of going to the temple, she ended up at the opposite place, the imperial palace.





Episode 582.





Louise von Schwarz received an unexpected vacation during the winter.

She was ordered to rest by the one person above her, her king and father.

During the winter, the King of Cernstadt was to take command of the army.

But she had to at least complete the handover, so it was some time before she could communicate the status of the Cernstadt forces and what was important.

That's why, after all the handoffs have been made, power has been delegated to the king.

By late night, she was able to reach the ecliptic via the Alliance's warp spot.

It wasn't until the late hours of the night, after several days of handoffs, that we reached the ecliptic.

So now.

Louise seemed to know what it was like to have her eyes spinning.

It's my first time traveling the length of the ecliptic, it's late at night, and it's snowing.

It's not that I've never stopped by the palace, but I've never been allowed to go to the temple.

She didn't recognize the distances of the ecliptic, so she couldn't tell where she was in the snowy night.

And right now, Louise is as embarrassed as she is excited about the situation.

I didn't know how to deal with my father's anger, and he was losing it.

Because of Heinrich's presence, Louise has accepted the idea of being a proxy for her brothers like it's a foregone conclusion.

Moreover, suddenly, the unthinkable happened.

Go to the temple.

So Louise finds this situation strangely uplifting, embarrassing, exciting, and sad.

He was told to go to the temple to rest, and he came alone.

For the first time in a long time, Louise felt like a child.

Also, technically, she's not the brightest bulb in the box.

I don't have the best eyesight, but it's a great place to get lost.

I even tried to find a temple and ended up in an imperial palace with nothing to do.

At this rate, I'd either be greeting the sun in the streets tomorrow morning or being buried alive in a snowstorm, so I asked a palace guard for the location of the temple.

"This is north of Daeha, and the temple is south of Daeha.

"Oh......?

It wasn't so much that I took a wrong turn, but that I could have gone the other way on purpose.

Eventually she staggers off and makes her way to Irene Daeha.

First, you'll need to cross the river to find the temple.

The famous Horsepower Train, the pride of the Huangdao, was out of commission and unavailable.

'No....... If it was up and running, I'd be more lost.......'

Louise has heard of magic trains, but she's never ridden one. She's only seen it a few times from a distance, making bizarre noises as it moves toward the ecliptic.

In any case, Louise is getting her first taste of navigating on her own.

Feeling like a lost child, Louise walks vaguely south of the ecliptic.

With the right orientation, you can find your way through a blizzard.

The problem was this.

A dozen bridges that connect the north and south of the ecliptic.

You must take one of those bridges to the south of the ecliptic.

"......."

But the snow made it impossible to see, so she ended up on the boardwalk along the Irine Daeha River.

And there, frozen in the winter cold, was the great Irine River. A light layer of snow lay on the frozen river.

Of course, frozen rivers can be crossed on foot.

Do we really need to find a bridge?

I could just walk across the river. Why?

'I just need to get across.......'

Louise doesn't walk along the riverbank looking for a bridge. She goes down to the frozen river and steps onto the ice.

Suddenly, Louise was on her way to Doha in the middle of the night.

-pawpawpaw

The sound of the Princess of Schwarz's footsteps in the snow rang out.

Louise stumbled a few times as she crossed the frozen Irine River.

-Bam!

"......."

Even if you have the balance of a superhero in a master class, you can still fall down a snowy slope if you're not careful.

Louise woke up in the snow, patted her ass, and looked around uselessly. She wondered if anyone had seen her.

It's the middle of a snowy, icy day, and there are no passersby. So there's no way anyone could have seen it.

But Louise walked away, her face slightly flushed, her steps quickening as if she were trying to get away.

Sure enough, I fell a few more times.



* * *



After crossing the frozen river, Louise reached the streets south of Daeha.

Temples and imperial palaces are buildings that can be found anywhere on the ecliptic, as long as the ground is slightly elevated. They are not called landmarks of the ecliptic gradient for nothing.

But now, with the snow falling, neither the temple nor the palace is visible.

Louise walked for a long time.

I asked where the temple was, on a deserted street after a heavy snowfall, and found my way.

"You can go over there, over there."

"From here....... Is it far......?"

It's hard to say it out loud, and it's hard to say it in an imperative tone, so Louise can only say it in a vague interrogative form that's neither half-assed nor dismissive.

"Umm....... You'll be there for a while."

The person who asked for directions said he was busy too and disappeared.

Louise felt ridiculous, like a lost child. The idea of being a princess and heir to the First Empire seemed like a fantasy.

Of course, aside from that, you also have the ability to be a Swordmaster, which is a master class, but that doesn't help you find your way around at all.

Still, I couldn't help but be excited.

A temple that was forbidden to even look at from a distance.

Louise's heart skipped a beat at the prospect of seeing the place her son had grown up in.

Of course, the Zodiacal Gradient was not a glorious city, and the mood was palpable.

It was a snowy night, but the whole city had an air of despair and death about it.

If you had come to the ecliptic in good times, you might have felt jealous, but now the ecliptic gradient was a city of death.

The rare passersby hunkered down and walked up and down the streets, and the accumulating snow slowly covered the city, threatening to kill.

The situation in the capital city of Cernstadt would be no different.

In a world where the environment could be worse than Huangdao anywhere, it may be that Huangdao is an incredible city just for the fact that it has maintained its appearance.

And.

Suddenly, Louise could hear a group of footsteps coming from beyond.

Too scared to move to the side of the road, a group of people rushed past.

"......What is it?

Louise couldn't help but instinctively recognize them in their steps and actions.

Those who have been trained in combat have different footsteps to begin with.

They disappeared into the distance without a glance at Louise.

I don't know what was so urgent, but Louise couldn't wait to ask for directions.

What could possibly happen in the middle of the night that would cause someone so professionally trained in combat to move with such a serious expression?

Louise snapped out of her thoughts.

For now, we need to find the temple.

I was going to turn into a real snowman if I stayed still.



* * *



As Louise walked in the direction of the temple, the night grew deeper and the snow piled higher.

This inevitably led to problems.

'What the hell is this....... Where am I?

It was inevitable that Louise would become a missing person.

I knew the temple was close, but there was no one to ask for directions anymore.

"I know it's close, but.......

Louise walked down the street anyway. In the direction she'd been told the temple was.

I wonder how long that walk was.

Louise finally spotted something beyond the pouring snow.

"Lights?

Something like a blue flame flared up.

"What is it?

Whatever it is, you're going to get lost and end up in the same place.

Soon, Louise couldn't help but notice the blue light getting closer.

A person.

A disenchanted one, too.

Someone was approaching, a flame of flesh-enhancing blue mana.

And I wasn't alone, there was someone beside me, dragging something.

The approaching man was pulling something resembling a cart.

-Is this correct?

-Aigo, thank you. There you go. Put it in here.

Someone pulled a wheelbarrow into what appeared to be a warehouse in the dark.

-I could have been in trouble without you.

-No, I was on my way, and watch your back.

Louise watched the scene from some distance.

A young man pulling a cart, and an old man.

I could see that it was a young man helping an old man.

But Louise couldn't help but notice something else about the young man, aside from the fact that he was capable of magical enhancement.

-A young man with a small body has been through a lot. Here's the least I can do for him.......

The sleeve of the young man's right arm was loose.

-No, it's okay. It's really okay.

Louise stayed nearby until the exchange between the old man, who was trying to reciprocate, and the young man, who was coldly refusing, was over.

After the old man entered the house, the young man turned around and couldn't help but make eye contact with Louise, who was staring at him.

"Do you need to see me......? Before that.......? Are you okay......?"

"That....... that......."

Louise von Schwarz.

The princess of the House of Schwarz says, with an uncharacteristically pitiful expression on her face.

"Can you give me directions to the temple....... to the temple......?"

I don't know him, but he doesn't hesitate to help out when he's not feeling well himself.

And right now, Louise needed that help.

The young man smiled when he heard that.

"Oh, I have to go there too, let's go together."

"That's right......!"

Louise jumped up and down in her seat.



* * *



With Ludwig's guidance, Louise was able to reach the temple in no time.

When I got there, I wondered why I had gotten lost.

Of course, the falling snow turned both Ludwig and Louise into snowmen.

Louise could only thank God that the young man who had shown up at the right time, and the one who had the ability to enhance her powers, was a Temple student.

But that wasn't the end of it.

A temple is a region, not a building.

As soon as she crossed the gate, Louise was stunned by the snowy view of the temple and its vast grounds.

I did get some guidance from a Temple student.

But he'll go where he needs to go, and then he'll be lost again. Luiz is half-convinced that he'll be guided, but he'll get lost along the way.

Mia outside the temple just becomes Mia inside the temple.

Capture one of the Temple guards.

Louise's head is spinning.

Ludwig laughed, as if he knew what Louise was thinking when he saw her go white.

"The inside of the temple is quite large as well, where are you going, let me guide you to your destination."

"Hey, are you sure....... Are you sure you want to......?"

His demeanor is polite, but there is an indelible joy and eagerness in his expression.

"Yes."

It's amazing to see someone who doesn't even care about her own body so much as helping others.

"I need to go to a place called Royal Class Dormitory....... Do you know where it is?"

"......?"

The young man shook his head at that.

"Don't you know? If so, I can't help it......."

"No, it's just that that's where I'm headed....... I was just a little surprised."

"......?"

"Come on, let me walk you through it."

The person you asked for directions is the same as your destination.

The young man in front of you is not a teacher or a guard, so he must be a student.

Suddenly, Louise couldn't help but notice the empty sleeve of the young man's right arm, which she had consciously avoided asking or looking at.

Louise knew about what happened to her son's friends.

Dead classmates.

And stories about classmates who were injured.

"Do you happen to know if your name is....... Ludwig....... is that right?"

"......How do I change my name?"

My son's friend!

"I'm Heinrich's mom......!"

Louise bit her tongue, so excited that she almost slipped up.

"!!!"

"Hey, are you okay......?"

She bit down so hard, Louise couldn't help but taste the bitter taste of beef in her mouth.



* * *



Ludwig took the lead, and Louise followed.

"I never thought you were a princess....... Excuse me. Oh, no, Commander......."

Ludwig was ecstatic to learn that Louise was Heinrich's sister and the military commander of Cernstadt. Ludwig had never been involved with the Cernstadt army, so he had only heard stories about Louise, but this was the first time he had seen her face.

Louise shook her head at Ludwig's words.

"No, no, it's okay. No offense, not at all. Not at all. I'm grateful. I'm a friend of Heinrich's......."

When Louise realized that the person who showed up at the right time wasn't just a Temple student, but a friend of her son's, her excitement was short-lived.

Louise stares at the back of Ludwig's head.

The sleeve of his right arm flapped pathetically.

Ruiz couldn't watch Heinrich grow up.

But through reports, we've heard about Heinrich's schooling at Temple and how he's doing.

Heinrich's classmates in the Royal Class.

So Louise had to get to know Ludwig, and after the war, she got to know him even better.

Ludwig.

B-11, second year Royal Class. Technically a horse, his talent is physical strength.

It's a short-lived talent, but she has an extraordinary five senses that she realizes even before she learns to enchant.

Of course, there were three more such cases from the second year of the Royal Class, but two of them were a demon and a warrior. I wouldn't dare compare them.

So if I had been educated in the royal class without the war, I could have been in the master class before graduation.

But the war took Ludwig's arm.

Even in his condition, with training and practice, he might be able to fight, but Louise saw the resignation in Ludwig's eyes.

I don't know why, but I recognized Ludwig's despair in the way he sat there on a snowy night, looking like he had lost everything.

War is always taking something from someone.

"By the way, did you see that cart earlier......?"

Louise saw Ludwig for the first time today.

Losing his arm, he retreated from the battlefield and returned to the temple.

But on this snowy day, I saw an old man I didn't know pulling a wagon on the street.

"Oh, I thought you might have slipped on the snow and hurt your back, so I drove to your house......."

"I see......."

Louise smiled at Ludwig, who scratched his head with a clumsy smile.

It's hard not to feel good when you see someone with a good heart. Especially when you're the beneficiary of that goodness.

Because.

Louise felt even more sorry for Ludwig's empty right arm sleeve.

Ludwig can't help but notice an old man who has fallen in the snow and is moaning.

The person who uses their time and energy to pull the old man's cart home for him.

Ruiz doesn't know the details of how Ludwig lost his arm, but he does have some idea.

I've heard reports of people losing their arms trying to save friends in danger.

Eventually, my inability to turn away from someone met a cruel day and I took his arm.

It was during this time that Ludwig's empty sleeve reminded me of the brutal truth that wanting to help others is a weakness.

"Sad times."

Ludwig stares at her at Louise's outburst.

"......, yes."

"Those were the days, but......."

Louise exhales a white breath in the falling snow.

"Let's get on with life."

"......."

"Come on, let's survive."

It's a take-it-or-leave-it world, but you can't take it for granted.

Ludwig stares at Louise, stunned by her outburst.

"Yes, you should."

Ludwig laughed, and Louise smiled back.



* * *



What the hell, lady.

Why is she here?

"Who....... sister?"

Heinrich jumped out of his seat with a dumbfounded look on his face at the improbable visitor, and Ellen came down from her perch by the window to pet me.

Louise von Schwarz.

Someone who shouldn't have been there appeared out of nowhere.

"I, too, will be resting in the temple for the winter."

"And your sister......?"

"Yeah."

Louise merely told Heinrich that with her usual stiff expression.

No, can you explain a little more?

Whether Nana Heinrich was embarrassed or not, Louise looked at Ellen.

"I don't know about you, but I don't think I've ever seen this before......."

"Hello."

Ellen bowed her head in the manner of a friend's sister, not the princess and military commander of Cernstadt.

Louise next looks at me, sitting still on the window sill.

"Is this the cat?"

Does he know about the cat that showed up at the Royal Class Garrison? Louise wasn't too surprised to see the black cat.

"Yes."

Ellen scooped me up and held me out to Louise for her to touch.

What it is.

You're treating me like a way to talk to strangers now?

Uh.

That's convenient.

Louise stared at the cat (me) for a long time, then patted me on the head. As a matter of courtesy.

"......."

"......."

After Louise petted the cat a few times, Ellen looked at Louise.

They don't just stare, they stare.

What do you think?

How's my kid?

Say it fast.

Tell me it's cute.

That desire is evident in his eyes.

Louise could feel the slight panic in Ellen's eyes.

"That....... ears, they're cute......."

"That's right."

After being forced to take me in, Ellen tickled my hair.

Louise's look at Ellen is pretty hilarious.

They don't know each other, but they've never had a conversation, so Louise has no idea who Ellen is.

And you're a warrior who brags about your cat.

Was I disappointed or did I think it was humanizing.

But Ellen aside, Heinrich was still in a semi-panic.

"My sister....... How did this happen......."

"They told me to stay in room A-1. Where is that?"

Why is this person here anyway?

The Temple is not a place for just anyone to enter now, and Louise von Schwarz is certainly not just anyone.

I'm pretty sure it was Bertus who granted me access.

What does it mean to let Louise into the temple anyway?

Louise was allowed to live in room A-1 in the sophomore dormitory.

As it turns out, the room had been used by the emperor when he was a student at the Temple.

While King Cernstadt is to take command of the army for the winter, Louise takes a long vacation at the Temple.

Heinrich was frozen in place by the absurdity of the situation, while Louise looked up and down in wonder.

"This is the Temple......."

I don't know if she's comparing it to the academy in Cernstadt, or if it's something else entirely, but I can tell by the look on her face that she's pretty excited.

Heinrich disappeared somewhere with Louise, offering to give her a little tour of the royal class dormitories, leaving Ellen to watch the snow fall from the window.





Episode 583.





The day after Louise von Schwarz arrived at the Temple.

There aren't many people back in the Royal Class dorms in the first place, and Louise is the commander of the Cernstadt army.

As such, I could feel the people who recognized her get a little nervous, but it didn't get loud.

Whether or not people recognized her, Louise thought it was strange that she was in the temple at all.

Breakfast time.

"I was patrolling around ......."

"Yes, sister."

"I told you to rest."

Louise's expression hardened slightly.

"Sorry......."

"I didn't mean to hear that."

Just looking between the two makes me feel like I'm going to get stuck in something.

It's so awkward to watch them be so awkward with each other, it's almost painful to watch from the perspective of someone who knows them!

"But....... Nothing really happened. It's definitely safe around the ecliptic, and I didn't even see the monster. Ellen, right?"

At Heinrich's request for support, Ellen, who had been munching on her bread, nodded.

"Yeah, I think we definitely don't have a monster problem, and I don't think I'm going to patrol anymore because there's not much point."

They'd been out and about since their return to the Temple, but they hadn't drawn a sword or sliced a radish. So it was time to rest.

But when Heinrich and Ellen see the snow outside the ballroom window, their faces darken.

In addition to hunger and cold, the accumulating snow was a major problem.

The gate and the monsters were the cause of all this, but now they were secondary. Louise looked over at Ludwig as they ate.

"Um, by the way, Ludwig. Thanks for yesterday."

"What? Ah....... No, Commander. It wasn't a big deal."

What does this mean?

Louise, what can this man do to thank Ludwig?

Louise must have felt Heinrich's gaze as much as I did, because she went blank.

The look on your face like you just lost money by saying something you shouldn't have.

"You gave me directions to....... yesterday."

"Directions to......?"

"When I arrived yesterday, it was snowing so hard that I had to go to......."

Louise's face fell slightly.

No way.

"Are you....... lost?"

"......."

What it is.

Why is this lady so cute.

She doesn't even look like an auntie because she's a superhuman who got into the master class in the first place.

If you think about it, yesterday Louise von Schwarz arrived at the Temple very late.

Neither Ellen nor Heinrich could sleep through the snowfall, so they were out in the lobby, and it was late enough that they would normally have stayed up.

You didn't arrive late in the first place, you just got lost on the ecliptic.

Maybe it's because we've had so much snow that it's unavoidable.

A princess lost on a snowy day.

"So if I hadn't met Ludwig in time....... I would have been even more lost......."

After getting lost, he met Ludwig, who led him to the temple.

No, now that I think about it, it's a problem even if you find the temple.

The interior of the temple is incredibly spacious.

Even if you did find the temple, you'd probably get lost again trying to find the royal class dorms.

If I hadn't been so lucky to run into Ludwig, I might have woken up on the street.

"Ludwig, you must have been busy at work yesterday, because you're late."

To see if Heinrich sensed my doubt, he turned to Ludwig, who was eating.

"Work isn't busy, but....... I finished work on time, but on the way back....... There's someone who needs help, so I'm running late."

"That's so....... That sounds like you."

"Haha......."

I thought you said I was spoiled.

I was able to find the lost princess, so I guess that's a good thing in the end.

By the way, I could see Ludwig's expression getting better and better.

The cleanup seemed to help Ludwig realize that he could do something meaningful.

The wound would never be completely healed, but it could be overcome, and Ludwig seemed to be on his way.

Partly because Ellen forced him to come to the Temple, partly to gather information, and partly because it's nice to see Ludwig getting better.

"Huh?"

-Angel

"Yes."

As I sat on her lap, Ellen patted my back.

This.......

It's easy.......

If it weren't for the Gate debacle, I could live as a cat for the rest of my life.......

Of course, you'll have to be as good as I am at taking care of the house.

Honestly, I think Pacton likes the cat look too.......

Heinrich looks at Ludwig and asks.

"Are you going out on a cleansing mission with that priest again today?"

"Yeah, they asked me to come in early today so I could get a head start, it's been snowing a lot."

"Cleanup operation......?"

Louise tilted her head as if she didn't understand.

"There's a plague spreading across the ecliptic, so I'm guarding a priest who's purifying it."

Louise's eyes widened at that.

"You're doing good work."

"Oh, no, actually, I don't do much, more often than not I just end up walking by......."

"Still, it's a good thing, isn't it?"

"That....... Thank you."

Louise nodded, seemingly pleased that he was trying to do something in his condition. It made her feel even more sorry for him.

That lady's crush on Ludwig is already at an all-time high.

What....... If anyone hates a nice guy, it's the haters.

And I sneered at Ludwig for no good reason.

Yes, I am a problem.

If you think about it, the whole world is my fault, so it's a problem.......

I'm suddenly depressed.......

Louise stares after Ludwig as he leaves the ballroom.

"You're a good kid."

Louise seemed to think that Heinrich was lucky to have such a good-hearted boy among his friends.

And I can't help but feel sorry for the man who lost his arm like that.

"Yes, it is......."

Louise's words brought a bitter smile to Heinrich's face.



* * *



Both Ellen and Heinrich had confirmed that the outer ecliptic was safe, so there was no need for outward patrols.

And Heinrich would not be able to get out even if he wanted to because of Louise's entry into the Temple.

After breakfast, Louise and Heinrich stepped outside the Royal Class dormitory.

I'm not going to patrol the perimeter anymore. I've had a few days to see that it's already well protected.

Heinrich left the dormitory now to give me a tour of the temple.

Even Heinrich, who wasn't very perceptive, could tell that his mother, who didn't show much emotion under false pretenses, was getting pretty worked up right now.

But there was a problem.

"It's snowing so....... You've come a long way."

"That's right......."

The snow that had started falling yesterday had turned the whole world white, so it was just white all around.

The good news is that the snow has been plowed and is still falling, but not enough to make walking around uncomfortable.

"It must be crazy out there."

"I'm sure."

Like everyone else, Heinrich and Louise are not happy to see this snow. So the snow that falls from the sky feels like a terrible curse.

Heinrich looks at Louise as if he's remembered something.

"Let's melt the snow."

"With your powers?"

"Yeah, I've never used it this way, but....... I don't think there's anything I can't try."

"Hmmm....... Do you want to try it?"

"Yes."

Heinrich begins to focus his energy.

"If it works out, I could go around melting snow on the ecliptic instead of patrolling, don't you think?"

Heinrich smirked, wondering if he could use his powers to clear the snow from the ecliptic.

"Yeah, whatever....... Try it for now."

For now, Louise watched Heinrich do his thing.

-Currrrrr!

Louise could soon see a sphere of red-hot flames high in the sky.

"Youngest, are you trying to summon the sun......?"

"Well, that would be great, but for now......."

The flames scattered a tremendous amount of light everywhere, and the intense heat was almost palpable.

A sphere of flame that roars and burns.

It was melting the snow on the ground.

Naturally.

-HoodooDooDooDoo

"......."

"......."

The snow that was falling from the sky turned into rain and started pouring down.

Naturally, they were bound to get rain, not snow, in the middle of winter.

Instead of snow, it was rain, and Louise and Heinrich's clothes were soaked through in no time.

"Uh oh......."

Heinrich let out a stupid yell and extinguished the fireball in the sky.

Louise let out a deep sigh.

"It looked like this."

"Well, did you......."

"If it's just enough heat to melt the snow and evaporate it quickly, this might work, but if it's baking people, it's a problem. No, we'd be worried about fires, but if we melted the snow this haphazardly, the streets would be icy."

Louise didn't think Heinrich's big picture would make much sense, but she figured it was better to let him try it out for himself than to explain it to him in words.

"......Sorry. I got your clothes wet unnecessarily."

Heinrich blushed, embarrassed that he'd had to do something so obvious to realize.

"I want you to get in the habit of thinking more deeply."

"Yes......."

"But......."

Louise looks at Heinrich and smiles.

"Your heart is in the right place."

"Yes.......?"

I did it because I wanted to help people, even if it didn't work and even if it didn't mean anything.

"Sometimes I wonder if that's enough."

Ruiz added with a laugh.

The suddenness of the words stunned Heinrich.

"Go, thank you sister......."

Seeing Ludwig changed Louise's mind, and she couldn't help but be happy that Heinrich was so similar to Ludwig.

Of course.

I said something I don't normally say, and Louise was as frozen as Heinrich.

And that's not the only problem.

So naturally, in the cold winter air, the two were bound to feel the extreme cold in real time.

This is not a problem for someone like Luiz, but it is for someone like Heinrich.

Louise sighed as she watched Heinrich's lips turn purple.

"......Let's get dressed first."

"It's ......."

They went out for a walk and had no choice but to turn back.



* * *



Heinrich and Louise changed into different clothes and went for a walk around the temple.

"Youngest, there aren't as many people in the Temple as there used to be, are there?"

"Schools aren't in session, so there's probably a tenth of the usual number of people, maybe even less."

"If I can clear snow like this inside a temple like that, maybe I don't have to worry so much about the outside."

"That would be great."

Louise and Heinrich walked through the temple.

"What do you know about education at Temple?"

"I know."

Cernstadt also has an academy, and in fact the Cernstadt Academy is modeled quite a bit after Temple.

From having separate general education and specialized education, to having education from a very young age, to having education from all walks of life, with no restrictions on status.

"That's the classroom building where we used to have common training."

"Oh....... I see."

Louise looks at the white classroom building.

"That was the pool and....... That's where we used to do physical training......."

"Yeah."

Heinrich walked me around the temple and explained things.

The classroom wing where the Royal Class was taught, the building where psychic powers were taught, the places where magic sensitivity was trained, and so on.

And I took her not only to the royal class, but also to the primary and secondary schools that I attended as a very young child.

"This is Main Street. The shops are closed now, but almost all of the Temple students used to congregate here, go to the restaurants, stop at the cafes, and if they weren't going out to the ecliptic on the weekends, almost all of them were here."

"That's a lot of distance."

"Yeah, because there were over 100,000 students, and that's where they congregated, and they came from all over the continent, so I got to taste a lot of different indigenous foods. What....... I didn't really like."

"I see."

There were very few people coming and going, except for the guards shoveling snow, but the space was once bustling with students.

People come from all over the world, and cultures from all over the world converge.

While Main Street was not an educational site, it symbolized the Temple's success and prosperity.

But now, in the snowy streets, not a single store was open.

These are all places Louise knows in her head.

Or the number of students, or Main Street, or the different schools Heinrich went to.

I knew the places and sights in my head, but they were new to me.

"You've spent your whole life in this place."

"Yes."

Louise said, and Heinrich nodded.

"Let me just say this....... I hope you don't mind my saying, but the temple is a nice place."

"You need not look away. Do I not know that the Academy in Cernstadt is no match for the Temple?"

Louise stares at the view of the snowy temple.

"The Academy in Cernstadt is not a temple, nor can it be. Seeing it like this reminds me that it was only possible because of the Empire."

The Academy in Cernstadt was modeled after the Temple, but it was never able to achieve the scale of the Temple.

First of all, there is no reason to choose Cernstadt Academy when Temple is the best school on the continent. Most of the students admitted to Temple come from well-off families. There is absolutely no reason why they should be admitted to a second-tier academy.

Cernstadt's academy covers the cost of tuition, but like Temple, it's a full-funded institution, and the state itself falters.

As a result, the number of academies themselves is small and the scale is small.

It's not like Louise doesn't know that in the first place, so I don't think Heinrich is disrespecting the Cernstadt Academy just because he says so.

"No, sister, that's not what I meant."

Heinrich says as we make eye contact on the main street.

"I'm just saying I've spent my whole life in a good place."

"ah......."

Louise's breath caught in her throat at the suddenness of Heinrich's words.

"I wasn't exactly happy, but I wasn't exactly unhappy either. I was in a good place, with good people."

"......."

"So, you don't have to make that face."

Suddenly, Louise realizes what she's been looking like all this time.

Passing by the many places, schools, dorms, and streets that Heinrich has lived.

Louise was overwhelmed with guilt for not being there to see it, for not being able to be with him, and for her son, who had lived his entire life without knowing the truth.

So I couldn't really give a proper impression of the place as I walked through it.

Louise's face remained stony the entire time, as her guilt was not resolved, but rather deepened.

I'm happy to be in the temple.

In the end, Louise's mood sank lower and lower as she felt sad, sadder, and ultimately sorry that she hadn't been there to see them.

Temple is a good place, and I've never stayed in a better place.

So when you say you shouldn't feel sorry for yourself.

Ruiz didn't know if she deserved to hear that.

I was never watched over, never cared for, never had a proper conversation with.

Even with all the facts, we still didn't have a proper conversation.

I still refer to my son as my youngest, and he refers to his mother as his sister, just in case anyone overhears.

"Thank you....... for sleeping well."

"Oh, I can't believe you thought of that....... Thank you."

Louise could only curse herself for saying that.

Even at full strength, Ruiz saw with his own eyes that Cernstadt could not keep up with Temple.

Good for you.

If Temple was a good place for my son to grow up, I'm glad Cernstadt can't match it.

I was in a good place, with good people.

What a relief that is.

But as Louise thought about it, she couldn't help but be both impressed and bitter.

You've been in good company.

What a terrible lie that is.

Louise smiled bitterly.

"You've been in the temple with the devil, and you've been in good company....... You're telling a lie to comfort me, but....... I'm glad you said that."

"What? Ah......."

Her son, if you were to name the least fortunate person in the world, you'd have to put him in the top ten.

But he was lying to comfort himself, and Louise could only understand that.

But her words left Heinrich speechless, as if he'd been hit hard.

Louise cursed her tongue as she looked at her son, who stared at her wordlessly.

I put the devil in your mouth.

I'm sure I've said it before.

You may feel guilty that you were right there with the devil and didn't do anything to stop it.

"Youngest, I'm just......."

"Sister."

Louise nodded, bewildered, with a sense of dread that seemed to tighten in her chest.

"Yes, I'm listening."

At the sight of Heinrich's frighteningly determined expression, Louise felt the first kind of fear she had ever experienced in her life.

Heinrich's face is set in a grim line.

I was stumped.

We don't know what he's thinking, but he stares at himself for a moment, as if trying to choose his words.

You can't say anything, but you have to ask yourself if you'd be able to stand it if you were to hear the words of resentment.

Feeling suffocated, Louise waited for the words to come out of Heinrich's mouth.

After a long silence, long enough for the snow on my shoulders to fall instead of pile up.

"I've been trying to decide whether or not to tell you, but....... I think you should know."

"What do I....... need to know about......?"

"Yes."

The words that came out of his son's mouth were not words of resentment, nor were they an outpouring of grief.

Heinrich opens his mouth slowly, with a stony expression.

"In fact....... before my brothers tried to kill me....... came to visit."

"!"





Episode 584.





Heinrich looked determined, and Louise was stunned.

And rightly so. The Devil, the cause of all this, the one who deserves the hatred of all the world, has secretly visited his son.

And he hasn't told anyone about it, let alone himself, until now.

Heinrich explained.

Before she found out she was illegitimate, when she was struggling with her siblings' hatred and not knowing the truth, she received a letter from someone she didn't recognize.

"It was a....... that my brothers were going to kill me."

"!"

"Maybe....... I think they knew I was illegitimate, I don't know how they knew it, but......."

Naturally, Heinrich thought the letter was a prank, and he didn't believe it. But from the mouths of his brothers, who were actually uncles, Heinrich received confirmation that he was illegitimate.

"He came to me that day, so I guess he's been watching from somewhere."

"The Devil came to....... himself......?"

"Yes, he definitely showed up in person."

The demon suggested to Heinrich.

If you want to live like this, follow yourself.

Because if you stay here, you're either going to get killed, or you're going to want to kill your brothers.

"And....... I said if you follow me, I'll tell you everything. What's happened so far. What's going to happen next. What I can do from there......."

The more Louise listened, the more the hairs on her body stood on end.

Unbeknownst to him, the Demon King was digging up information on the Allies, and his own son was being watched.

I wonder if this is what it feels like to have your blood run dry.

But it was a good thing.

Her son hasn't followed the devil, he's here now, in front of her.

"The devil tried to trick you."

"......."

"Thank goodness, thank goodness, you didn't follow the devil. You made a good choice. You were wise."

The three tongues of the devil were tricked into following him.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

Liana De Granz.

Olivia Ranze.

It may only be three, but all three were either the children of prominent nobles or considered the future of the empire.

I don't know where they are or what they're doing, but it was already a shocking event in itself.

Taking advantage of Heinrich's panic and confusion, the devil tried to take his son.

Heinrich made him an offer he couldn't refuse.

Louise was overjoyed and thrilled that her son had rejected the devil's offer.

Since you can't say no or refuse, you've turned down the devil's offer.

How sophisticated and terrifying such a demon is.

"Sister, I didn't follow the devil because I don't believe in him."

Heinrich looks at Louise with a stony expression.

"What......?"

I didn't follow the devil.

But Louise's hands began to tremble as she watched her son say the words she was afraid to utter: that he believed in the devil.

"I know what you're thinking. Maybe the devil lied to me to get me to do this, or maybe I'm telling you these things because I'm caught up in the lie."

Heinrich says, swallowing hard.

"I have no intention of following the Devil, and I have no intention of cooperating with him, even if he comes back. You can rest assured of that, but no matter how much I try to doubt....... No matter how much I try to doubt....... I am the Devil....... Reinhardt is an evil being."

"Youngest, the Devil has deceived everyone. Didn't he deceive everyone by wearing a mask of gentleness and kindness, and didn't you see those closest to him who followed him and helped him?"

Heinrich couldn't help but freeze up at that statement.

Kindness and gentleness.

That's not something anyone who's ever been near a demon in his temple days can say.

"......nun. The Devil was far from kind and gentle. He was technically a madman."

"That....... is."

"Yeah, he was a crazy guy who got into all kinds of trouble. He was doing everything he wasn't supposed to do on the topic he was infiltrating."

If the goal is to infiltrate and capture, the Demon has done too many things he shouldn't have done.

But Reinhardt had gotten to know and befriended many people. But it was more of a coincidence, a series of coincidences, than a scheme of the devil.

If the goal was indeed subsumption, the demon would have no reason to behave that way.

It's too consequentialist to say that because the outcome is what it is, the purpose of the process must have been.

The devil lived in the temple like a madman. In fact, Heinrich is technically a victim.

But Louise is only frightened to hear her son talking about the devil.

I was afraid that I had already fallen for the devil's trick-or-treating.

"Sister, don't you think that at some point the Allies seem to be marching too easily?"

But Heinrich knew what to say to his sister.

"......No way."

"The weather is too good for winter, the warp gates of smaller cities have already been taken over without any operations, and even this battle in Serandia looks like someone has already swept through it."

Clearly a strange situation.

Things that no one seems to care about.

"You can't tell me that....... That's......."

"It is certain that the forces of the Devil are aiding our advance, fighting ahead of us."

A secret or strategy the empire is hiding.

I had vaguely wondered if that was the case.

But to say that it was all the help of the devil was something I didn't want to believe, regardless of the possibility.

"The devil is....... Why on earth would he do that, after causing the Gate debacle. Why the hell is he helping us?"

"I don't understand why the Demon is helping us. Why the Empire is keeping this a secret. I don't know what the Demon really wants, but....... I do know one thing."

The Devil caused the Gate Crisis to destroy humanity.

"There's something we don't know about the gate situation in the first place."

Heinrich is the one who no longer believes in that proposition.



* * *



Ludwig was on his way to the Temple of Tuan.

It's a small comfort to Ludwig to know that he can do something, but he's not the only one who feels stuck in the snow.

Ludwig was told by Lowen that the collapse of the shack was worse than the cold from the snow.

Ludwig could see people on roofs clearing snow, as well as people clearing snow from the streets.

While the guards and the imperial family were hard at work clearing the snow, the citizens were just as eager to get rid of it.

That's why the streets of the ecliptic, which have been chilly since the Gate incident, were full of people for the first time in a long time.

But there were many people in the refugee camps who didn't have the energy to do this.

It's important to clean up, but what's the point in this situation? It's a shack with no protection from the cold wind, but without it, people are shivering to death in the freezing cold.

The land is now filled with such anguish everywhere.

Both Rowen and Ludwig know that cleaning up the disease is just the tip of the iceberg.

What Rowen is doing now has nothing to do with hope. It's a temporary fix for despair, it's not about saving the world, it's not about bringing peace.

But it's something we have to do because we can't afford not to.

In a time when even the slightest hint of hope has become a luxury, it's all we can do to patch the holes in the dam of despair.

Furthermore, Rowen is an archbishop, not just a priest, and Ludwig is a superhuman, albeit with a missing arm.

The reality is that even they can only do small things. So there is no place for the smaller ones.

Big things happen to big people.

The big ones, like Ellen, Heinrich, and Louise von Schwarz, who joined us for breakfast today.

Those who are very powerful individually, or can mobilize large armies, will end the gate.

It is their role to find hope.

When it's all said and done, when we can say peace in small ways, even the smallest things will find meaning.

A moment when those who somehow survived are faced with the task of peace and reconstruction. What Ludwig and Rowen are doing now means that they have saved countless lives and given them a future.

That's why Ludwig walks.

With the hope that one day it will all work out.

Rather than despair and give up, realize that there is still something you can do and do it.

Ludwig still refuses to give up.

While walking along.

Nearing the temple where Rowen resides.

-Where do I sell this?

-Wouldn't some of the nobles want to buy it?

Ludwig could see people running through the streets with sacks.

There were a lot of them.

A group of people, some of whom seemed to be in a group, some of whom didn't, were running in circles.

-Damn, I wish I'd eaten it instead.

-We've already been robbed, where's the good stuff?

-But I don't see any gold or silver in that temple.

-I would have sold it a long time ago. How did you get this much out of that poor man's shrine?

-Oh well, at least you only burned a little hair.

-We're better off. Anyone who goes in now is fucked.

Ludwig could see smoke rising from the sky beyond the alley.

-Fire!

"......!"

Before he could even comprehend the words, Ludwig was running.



* * *



Through the pouring snow, Ludwig could see the grayish-white smoke that had engulfed the entire temple, billowing flames that seemed to defy the sky.

-currr

Thousands of people crowded around it, staring blankly at the enormous shape of the fire.

The Temple of Tuan, where Rowen is staying, is engulfed in flames.

-No!

I could hear the sound of something breaking and crumbling.

-I think it's falling apart.......

-What about the guards?

-See if you can turn that off.......

-Heaven's punishment for those who conspire with the devil.

-Yes, man, what those refugee camp bums have done deserves a thousand punishments!

Ludwig couldn't help but notice the people he had just passed.

Looting.

"Sometimes, some people try to start fires.

And fireproofing.

Someone has set fire to the temple and is taking advantage of the opportunity to loot its contents.

"Rowen!"

Ludwig leaped into the shrine as if possessed.

As the temple burned, they watched in amusement as Ludwig leapt into the flames.

But Ludwig didn't care what the onlookers thought, or what they had to say about the Tuan Order.

"Ugh!"

-currrr

Inside the smoke-filled temple, it was chaos. Anything that could burn was burning, and it was hard to tell what was going on.

-with

It was on the verge of collapse, and the sounds of breaking wood and cracking walls began to get louder and louder.

Who. Why.

No matter how much I hate the Tuan Order, do I have to do this?

Ludwig was soon visible through the acrid smoke.

'No way......?

Inside the temple, people Ludwig didn't recognize, but who wore the robes of priests, were lying all over the chapel.

He didn't have time to look closely, but Ludwig couldn't help but intuit that they were all dead.

-Bang!

He lifts a collapsed pillar that is burning, he lifts a collapsed stone pillar, he looks for something.

I hold my breath, knowing that inhaling smoke is dangerous even for a superhuman.

Find.

Who should be here.

How many times have I wandered through the smoke of a burning chapel.

Soon, Ludwig could see someone crouching in front of the statue of Tuan.

"!!!"

Archbishop Rowen.

Rowen was there, not in his usual gray, faded robes, but in white holy robes.

But what should have been a white robe was stained red.

"Rowen......!"

Rowen's entire body could only be described as exhausted.

After being stabbed and mauled so many times, the white shirt might as well be called a red shirt.

Ludwig knelt before Rowen's dead body, trembling and wide-eyed.

"Priest, priest, wake up!"

But even as he spoke, Ludwig knew that his calling could not bring Rowen back.

Even in death, Rowen remained wide-eyed, forever robbed of something he could never get back.

Clutching Rowen's shoulder, Ludwig blinked back tears that could not be contained, even in the heat of the flames that threatened to burn his entire body.

"This is....... What the hell. why. This is....... Why....... Why?"

-Support

The temple continued to burn.

-Top!

And with the sound of something breaking that shouldn't break.

-Currrrr!

The temple has fallen.





Episode 585.





Louise told Heinrich a shocking story.

Ruiz recognized that there was a secret to the Allies' too-easy advance, but he didn't see the need to uncover it now.

But it was still hard to believe that the devil was leading the charge.

But if that's the truth, it makes sense that the empire was forced to be silent.

When this truth begins to spread, people will doubt the devil's motives.

As confused as Ruiz is now, if word of this gets out to the Allies, it's going to spell trouble.

So the empire is forced to pretend that they are in control, even as they enlist the help of the devil.

"It's clear that the Empire is more than a tacit partnership with the Devil."

It is hard to believe that his son had fallen for the devil's trick-or-treating. If that were the case, Heinrich had no reason to remain with the Allies. His life was in danger, and he had no choice but to leave.

"The empire is....... the devil and......."

He could have had his son taken away by the devil.

But, to put it another way, the demon was trying to save her son.

"If there is a truth we don't know, what do you think it is?"

"I don't know, if the devil didn't want Gate to happen....... Then why the hell did it happen....... Why is the Empire hiding the truth....... I don't know."

The demon did not tell Heinrich the truth, which would be dangerous for him to know.

Heinrich stares at Louise in confusion.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to confuse you, but....... I felt like I had to tell you......."

"......."

Louise didn't have to think too hard to realize why this was happening.

Most people believe that the devil is the source of all evil, and the few who know the truth encourage their beliefs.

But if there's any truth to the Gate debacle other than what everyone knows.

If it's true that the devil really didn't want the gate to happen.

Then what's the world coming to.

If this situation, so strongly held together by hatred of the Devil, breaks down, humanity will end.

Heinrich sees the confusion in Louise's eyes, and finally bows his head.

"Maybe I'm possessed by the devil, but....... I can't help but think so, so I'm going to......."

"No. Well said. Well said......."

Louise still couldn't escape her confusion, but she couldn't help but praise her son's courage in telling her about his secret meeting with the devil.

Louise's head was spinning from Heinrich's words.

What is the Devil really like, what is the truth about the Gate debacle, and what is the Empire thinking?

I don't know anything.

But even if you have a truth that not everyone in the world knows, does it matter?

Regardless of the intentions, the gate incident happened and it needs to end, and that doesn't change in the face of any truth.

It's still snowing.

It's snowing hard.

The snow piles up.

Snow covers everything.

No land, no buildings, no trees, no frozen rivers.

Overwrites them all.

A gate event is like this snow.

A snowstorm so massive that it buries everything.

When it's snowing hard, everything else loses importance.

Snow must be cleared. You have to keep clearing it so it doesn't cover everything and bring it down.

Just as you have to clear the snow before it engulfs the world, eventually nothing else matters but the snow.

The truth was also buried in the snowstorm that was the Gate debacle, now invisible and unimportant.

We need to end the gating debacle.

That absolute drowned out all truth and justice.

Hence another absolute: buried truths don't matter.

Louise von Schwarz couldn't help but realize it.

But if the devil really is such a thing.

If you're on the front lines of the fight to end gatekeeping, but no one in the world recognizes it.

"If what you say is true and....... if that's really the case."

How scary, how strong, and how.

Also, what a sad existence.

"It's sad, all this."

Louise looks up at the sky and exhales wistfully.



* * *



Heinrich and Louise walked down Temple Street in a daze.

What the Devil said to Heinrich may have been a lie.

But it's also hard to believe that the devil was lying. If he was trying to deceive, he should have said something.

It's going to be dangerous, come with me.

Follow me and I'll tell you what's happened so far.

That's all he said, and he even backed down when Heinrich refused.

Heinrich's opinion was the result of his own thinking and judgment about the demon and what was happening in the Alliance.

The idea that the Devil had been watching the Allied garrison all this time was very eerie to Louise, but in the end, the Devil hadn't even tried to trick Heinrich.

In fact, Heinrich's life was indeed in danger. An assassination attempt was made, but Louise was able to stop it.

If Ruiz hadn't intervened, Heinrich would have died.

The Devil did not want Heinrich to kill his brothers, nor did he want to be killed.

That's why we wanted Heinrich on board.

When the demon visited Heinrich, he did not say anything except that an assassination attempt would take place.

So there was only Heinrich's judgment.

It was a strange thing for Louise to think about.

He's hated by his brothers, his life is in danger, and he doesn't know the truth about Louise.

"The youngest."

"Yes, sister."

"Was leaving....... was not right."

"That would have been right, in the moment."

"Yes, you were dangerous and you didn't know what was coming. I didn't know I was going to do that...... either."

Heinrich's decision to stay behind when he wasn't sure of his safety could only be considered foolish.

"I had my reasons, but....... I could see what would happen if I left: it would affect our soldiers, our officers, our royalty, and even Cernstadt."

"ah......."

Louise was dumbfounded, as she hadn't expected Heinrich to be of that mindset.

"Even with my lack of brains, I could see that people were going to look at me like that."

"......."

"So I decided not to leave."

Whatever the reason, it's a betrayal.

The Cult of Tuan, the Cult of Als, and the Duchy of St. Tuan would be viewed the same way by those from Cernstadt.

I thought about it, so I didn't leave, even though I knew it was dangerous.

Louise felt her breath catch in her throat.

"And....... If I had left, there would have been nothing like this, no time like this, no....... forever. I wouldn't have known anything."

He would never know that not all of his brothers hated him, that there were some who were just too difficult to deal with and were holding back.

"I'm glad you didn't leave."

Heinrich looks at Louise.

War has changed so much, and it has caused so much misery.

But not everything changes for the worse. Heinrich had become a man who could think about a lot of things.

Moved and sorry, Louise couldn't find the right words to say.

Louise had so much to be grateful for in her son, who knew the truth and was grateful and accepting of the situation instead of hating himself.

I don't know how long we walked in that pleasant silence.

"......Hmm?"

As they walked, a distant voice stopped them in their tracks.

On the other side of the road, a group of guards blocked their path.

"Is this a restricted area?"

"I think so......."

The guards didn't say anything to Heinrich and Ruiz, but the shape of the road they were blocking made it clear that this was a controlled area.

I was just walking down the street and ended up in a place I wouldn't normally be.

"Looks like....... university grounds."

"I see, so you wouldn't know."

But it's a restricted area. Louise and Heinrich stared at the grounds and buildings beyond, where guards blocked their path. The guards in the distance pay them little attention, as if their staring is not a problem in itself.

But is there a good reason to control access?

With so few passersby, no one would dare to step foot there.

"If there are no people coming or going, and it's a controlled area, I'd say......."

There must be something going on inside that is confidential.

And the size of the guard in the distance was unusually large. We don't know what they're doing, but with a guard of that size, there must be something even bigger going on inside.

"It must be a wizarding university."

Heinrich looked at the sign and nodded slowly as if he recognized the university inside the gated area.

"It's a wizarding university....... Yeah, they must be doing research on something."

Louise nodded in acknowledgment, thinking that the Empire would then be able to treat it as confidential.

"Are you trying to build another one of those Titans? I mean, it would be great for everybody if we had another weapon like that......."

"Probably not the Titan, I'm told they don't have the money to build one more airframe."

"Oh yeah, so they're making another big magic weapon or something?"

"Anything that helps the war effort is good."

"It should be......."

Titans.

The sight of it sent a shiver of fear through Louise. Over and over again, she thought to herself, thank God those steps belonged to us.

Anyone who opposed the Empire, even if it was a demonic army, would be trampled underfoot and turned to dust.

The Empire is doing something at the Temple College of Magic. They're not Titans, but they're working on something.

"I think my classmates in B were included in the study. They're at Temple, and I've rarely seen them return to their dorms from Hogwarts."

Heinrich didn't know the details, but he could guess that Louis Ankton, Christina, and Anna de Gerna were involved in the research going on over there.

"Didn't the Titan Project also involve a child named Adelia, your friend......."

"Yes, I did."

Adelia's power cartridge was a great invention, but the Titan is a feat that far surpasses it.

But this time, other classmates are involved.

What kind of weapon would that be?

"All of your friends are....... are all freakishly brilliant kids."

Kids from Temple's sophomore class.

Louise couldn't help but think that there was a strange collection of monstrously talented people in that grade.

It's a weird mix of geniuses and disasters.

What a terrible coincidence.

Louise and Heinrich walked slowly through the snowy streets of Temple, leaving the College of Magic behind.



* * *



Ludwig left the guard headquarters with a despondent look on his face.

The rubble of the crumbling temple could not have killed Ludwig. After securing Rowen's body from the pile of crumbling stones, Ludwig confronted the guards who had come to clean up the fire.

He was handed over to Guard headquarters, offering to cooperate fully with the investigation.

But the answer Ludwig heard stunned him.

'......It's hard.'

"It's hard......?

'Yes, if they were arrested at the scene. If a mob, not one or two, but dozens, attacked the temple and scattered....... If it was an accidental crime, not an organized one....... It's going to be very difficult to find the suspects.'

'I saw it with my own eyes. I saw people looting temples and fleeing....... Not all of them, but I saw them. I remember it.'

'Mr. Ludwig. The population of the ecliptic is now over a hundred million. And if this was done by people in the refugee camps who are not even properly identified....... it's virtually impossible to catch the culprits.'

If the raiders are hiding in an alleyway in a maze of refugee camps, it's impossible to find them.

'And the weather is like this.......'

When you have enough on your plate dealing with a snowstorm, you don't have the manpower, and even if you did, it would be nearly impossible to find the culprit.

Ludwig didn't know what to say.

The reality of the ecliptic gradient is that it's nearly impossible to catch the culprit unless it's happening right in front of you.

Accidental crime, accidental arson, accidental looting.

The coincidences made it virtually impossible to catch the culprits, the security forces said, even before the investigation began.

The deep weariness in the director's expression made me realize that he wasn't saying this because he was being disingenuous.

'But....... Just like this, just like this, just like....... no investigation, no nothing, just like that?

Guards have the power of summary execution because, at the very least, they are supposed to maintain order in society.

But if there's an event that causes a complete breakdown of social order, and you give up on this, what has the Guard been doing all this time?

If the guards aren't doing their job, I don't think they should have the right to kill people willy-nilly.

At Ludwig's puzzled expression, the head of the guard sighed heavily.

'Ludwig, and in the first place, this case is....... Even if we wanted to investigate it, we wouldn't be able to.'

'What does that....... sound?

"Arson, looting, and murder at the temple of the Great Lord.

Ludwig had some intuition as to why the head of the guard didn't recognize him.

"This is something the Crusaders should be authorized to do.

Maybe they're not willing to investigate, but even if they were, it wouldn't be something they could investigate.

The scene was cleared, but the Crusaders would investigate the incident themselves.

'I don't know if the Crusaders will be able to properly track down the people who did this, but....... Perhaps we should turn the case over to the Crusaders.

Hearing that, Ludwig came out of the district guard headquarters.

Rowen is dead.

Most of the people who stayed in the temple died.

And it's virtually impossible to find the culprits.

Ludwig walks down the street in a daze.

Archbishop Rowen.

He was weird, but he was never evil.

We don't know if the mob's goal was food for the temple or anger at the Tuan Order.

But Rowen, who hadn't even gotten a break from traveling the streets to help people, was literally and figuratively murdered.

Why.

Why so.

And it doesn't even get caught?

Trading the life of someone who could save tens of thousands of people for a slice of bread?

That doesn't make sense.

This shouldn't happen.

Even the security forces say they won't be able to find them, and they can't afford to.

Ludwig is not overconfident.

I don't think I can do anything that a guard can't do.

This is a job that requires brains, not brawn.

And it's a job that requires power to get involved in the case.

Ludwig had gotten that far.

You want to get involved, but you don't have the power, and you don't have the brains to solve the case.

I need help.

Help from someone.

It's really, really needed.

That the people who did this should be punished.

Ludwig thought to himself as he walked down the street, wide-eyed.





Episode 586.





"Ugh."

-Cat!

I don't know what's up with this kid lately.

He keeps opening his mouth wide and pretending to eat my face.

You don't realize that's a fucking scary thing from a cat's perspective, do you?

Weird or not, this is just plain scary!

I'm glad they didn't do something pointless like patrol the ecliptic.

It's kind of scary because he's like a kid with nothing in his brain except for playing with his cat all day.

Ellen murmurs as she flops down on the bed, leaving me at her bedside.

Luckily, Ellen doesn't seem to be as dazed these days, which is nice.

I'm glad to hear that animal therapy seems to be working so well for you.

"Cute."

Well.

That's not easy for you either.

Of course, Ellen's expression darkened as she looked out the window where the snow was still falling.

It's coming, like hell.

There's nothing Ellen can do as she watches the snow cover everything in sight. Because snow is not a monster.

There's nothing a warrior can do in a snowstorm.

So all I can do is rest.

Ellen lingered like that for a while, then pulled me into a hug and got up.

Well.

Is it lunchtime already?

So much for time melting away.



* * *



Lunch break.

Heinrich and Louise had returned from their walk just in time to be seated in the banquet room.

However, the atmosphere was a little different than usual.

Not the atmosphere of the two, but the atmosphere of the ballroom.

-Please make a list of students who would like to volunteer to help with the snow removal and report to your supervisor.

Users were making announcements to people entering the ballroom.

The entire ecliptic is probably inundated with snow removal needs right now.

It's not a mandate, but it's an empowering responsibility, a mission.

So we were swamped with students getting their names on the list.

It's a scene of superhumans shrouded in a blue flame of empowerment clearing the streets of the zodiac with shovels, not spears and swords.......

Of course, there are superhumans, magic majors, and psychics. I think they could be of some use in clearing the zodiacal snow.

No, wait.

Instead of eating, Ellen's eyes were darting toward the crowd of snowplow volunteers.

I know you can do .......

You're a snow shoveler.

"Uh, Ellen."

Ellen brought food nearby and sat down, and Heinrich recognized her. Beside him, Louise von Schwarz was slicing sausages.

"Are you going to shovel the snow?"

"Because there's nothing to do."

It's not dangerous, but.......

You know how you learn to hate snow when you clean it?

No, I don't think I hate it enough already.

"If you want to, you can. And don't forget to check out ....... It's not like it wouldn't be helpful, and if you think about it, there might be a way."

"Oh....... Yes, sister."

Louise didn't seem to be trying to force Heinrich's hand, but she seemed to be halfway there.

Snow is probably the most pressing issue in the ecliptic right now.

If things get too serious, consider reaching out to Riana.

But there's something we can do rather than just rest, and it's helping people, and it's not dangerous. So there was a little bit of excitement in the normally quiet atmosphere.

Many are aristocrats, picked and chosen by the empire.

They fought for humanity in the face of the Gate crisis.

No matter where you come from or how you were raised, the idea that you have to use your power for the good of others is ingrained in you from your experiences.

So I'm from a noble background, and I'm Nabal, and the snow is killing people, so of course I'm thinking I need to move.

In that idea that people are great, but ultimately sad.

Suddenly.

Somewhere.

Something burnt....... something like that.

I smell burnt.

What is it?

Looking around, I couldn't help but find the epicenter of the smell.

Ludwig.

"Ludwig......?"

Heinrich narrowed his eyes at Ludwig.

Not only did it smell burnt, but it was a mess.

"Hey guys......."

Ludwig slowly approaches Ellen and Heinrich.

"I need to......."

"Dude, what's wrong with you. What happened?"

Heinrich stood up from his seat, and the others stared at Ludwig in disbelief.

"I need to....... Just once......."

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"Can you help me with......?"

He was completely transfixed, and it was clear that something had happened to him.



* * *



When it was clear that Ludwig had been through a rough patch, Heinrich, Ellen, and Louise finished their meal.

Exit the ballroom and enter the lobby of the Class B dormitory.

"I think you need to get cleaned up. Are you hurt?"

"Yes, I'm not hurt...... I'm not hurt....... Yes....... I'm not hurt......."

Louise grabbed Ludwig's shoulder as he repeated the same words as if they were broken.

"Go wash up, clear your head, get dressed, get your thoughts together, and then we'll talk. Okay?"

"Aye, sir....... Yes, Commander......."

Ludwig nodded slowly, frozen by Louise's words.

We all watched in stunned silence as Ludwig staggered back to his room.

"What the....... What the hell happened to her?"

"......I don't know."

"I think I was at the fire, but......."

Ellen was hugging me and looking worriedly in the direction of Ludwig's room.



* * *



Ludwig was soon washed and dressed and out into the lobby.

It still didn't seem to calm down.

Ludwig explained the situation, rambling on about how fascinated he was. He wasn't a very talkative person to begin with, but now that something had happened, he was even more so.

"Looting?"

"Uh....... The people....... set fire to the temple where that priest was and....... looted it and....... and killed all the people in the temple......."

Ellen, Louise, and Heinrich couldn't help but roll their eyes.

"By the time I got there, it was too late. All the people were dead. The temple was burning. I went in to find the priest, but he was already....... murdered in a horrible...... way and....... The building had just collapsed on itself......."

Ludwig is crushed by the collapsing building, but superhumans don't die that way.

Ludwig was lying with Rowen's body in the crumbling temple when he escaped on his own.

He watched as the guards and mages arrived to put out the fire.

The arriving guards examined Ludwig and, after realizing he was not an official, let him go.

Maybe it's because I jumped into the fire that it smelled so bad.

In the end, Ludwig was forced to return to the temple, unable to do anything.

"If you do this....... It's not supposed to be like this, you know, what did the priest do wrong, it's not the priest who did wrong, it's the people in the temple who did wrong. They're looking at the fire and they're saying it's a good thing, and they're saying it's a good thing he's dead, and it's not supposed to be like that."

There was anger in Ludwig's eyes.

"I'm....... I don't know, maybe this shouldn't be happening, all I can think about is that, and......."

Ludwig looks at Ellen and Heinrich and says.

"I get that the people who did this need to be punished, but I have no idea how to find them....... I have no idea."

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"I saw people running away after looting the temple. I want to find them. I want to find them and ask them why they did that. Why did they have to do that....... I want to ask him, he was a good man, he was trying to save people, he was a good man, why did you kill him......."

Ludwig has even seen the criminals himself. But he doesn't have the power to investigate, and even if he did, he doesn't think he'd be able to catch them.

"I'm sorry, I don't think I'm qualified to ask you to do this, but....... It's not something I can do, so I'm going to......."

Ludwig's face and eyes were filled with sorrow, frustration, and anger.

Ludwig has no power, no strength. And he doesn't think he can solve it.

That's why I came back to Temple for help.

Someone with power, strength, and even wisdom who might be able to help him.

There is only one person who can come to Ludwig's mind.

"Just once....... Can you help me just once......?"

Of course, it could only be Ellen Artorius.

Ellen looked at Ludwig, who looked desperate, and nodded as if it was a given.

"Yes. Let me help you."

Feeling guilty for Ludwig, Ellen, of course, couldn't refuse the favor.



* * *



The arson, murder, and looting of Tuan's temple.

Ludwig asked Ellen for help, and she said she would help without a second thought.

Louise and Heinrich didn't respond immediately, but they listened intently to Ludwig's words.

Ludwig described what he saw as he saw it.

"The priest said that there were people defacing the temple, and there were people trying to set it on fire. Maybe....... Maybe the people who were doing those things were working together to do those things....... I think so."

Hatred of the Tuan and Als faiths sometimes leads to attacks on their temples.

People graffiti, deface temples, and even try to set them on fire.

And that arson attempt led to the real thing.

"Are you sure everyone in the temple is dead?"

Ludwig nodded at Ellen's words.

"When I entered the temple....... I didn't see anyone alive."

Once she agreed to help, Ellen's face remained calm and unmoved.

"And that it was done by 'normal' people."

"I saw people walking back from looting the temple, apparently....... I think they said something about food being better than this stuff. No, I don't think I heard it, I heard it, I'm sure."

After listening to Ludwig's words, Ellen considers for a moment, then looks at Ludwig and says calmly, "I'm sorry.

"There are many priests who aren't very physically capable per se, but is it possible for an archbishop-level priest....... be killed by civilians?"

Yes.

That's the problem.

Is it possible that an attack by vengeful men could kill an archbishop and everyone in the temple?

I was thinking the same thing as Ellen.

But Ellen's words made Ludwig shake his head.

"I thought about that, too, but if Father Rowen was a man who could fight, he wouldn't have used me as his bodyguard in the first place, and if something happened during the cleanup....... I'd take the priest and run."

Ludwig has a point.

If Archbishop Lowen was capable of fighting for himself, there was no reason for Ludwig to be his bodyguard. There's no reason why someone who can defend themselves shouldn't.

"And the temple wasn't that big, either. Maybe....... I don't think there were any paladins, and none of the bodies were wearing armor......."

There is a severe shortage of priests, and most of the combat-ready troops are in Allied camps. And it's not the headquarters of the Crusader Knights, but the individual shrines of the Five Great Lords on the Ecliptic, and they're small.

It makes sense that there wasn't a single paladin.

The ramshackle temple could have been attacked by a mob, and it's not impossible that everyone was killed.

A mob entered the temple, killing priests and worshippers and setting the temple on fire.

It's not impossible for it to happen. It's just less likely. The persecution of the Tuan and Alth faiths is a reality of the ecliptic.

Ludwig found it unbearable to see people's anger directed at innocent people in such a way.

"Like you said, if it was a mob, the Guard and the Crusaders won't be able to catch them all, and that includes me."

Just because she's Ellen doesn't mean she can do anything.

"I guess so......."

Ludwig sought out Ellen, thinking that there might be another way, that someone other than him, someone with more brains than him, might be better than him.

But just because it's Ellen doesn't mean you'll find anything there if it's a mob raid and looting of the temple.

Ellen remained silent and thoughtful, as if to say that if what you said was true, it was most likely something I would never know.

At this point, Louise von Schwarz stares at Ludwig.

It was clear that Louise had a huge crush on Ludwig because of his good heart. And yesterday, she'd even gotten some help herself.

So, it was clear that Ludwig wanted to do something to help him in his time of need.

"I don't know the details, but there are some issues that need to be clarified."

"Which......?"

"That we need to think about this case in three distinct phases."

Louise holds up a finger.

"Murder."

"Arson."

"And looting."

"This case has three distinct phases."

"So it's all about the order."

"Killing first, arson first, looting first. You have to be clear about what the objective of the raiders was in the first place."

Louise compartmentalizes the case.

"It's possible that the goal was plunder. If they raided the temple to do so, they would have been discovered and killed by the priests during the raid. If so, they would have stolen before the raid. When they were caught, they killed the priests, and then set the temple on fire. Why they would set fire to them, I don't know."

Louise says slowly.

"It could have been murder. If so, they would have stormed the temple, killed the priests, and looted the empty temple. The temple's contents may have been too valuable to leave behind. Setting it on fire may have been an act of anger."

Heinrich was listening to Louise's words.

"It is very unlikely that arson was the purpose. But Ludwig, you say that the priests were all dead when you entered the temple, so the arson must have come after the murder."

A story about the sequence and purpose of events.

Fireproofing is first priority.

Looting or murder would have been the goal, not arson. The words froze Ludwig in his tracks.

"Is the order....... Why does it matter......?"

"It's important."

Louise says.

"Because the murderers, looters, and arsonists might be other people."

Louise looks at Ellen.

He looks at me like I don't understand what he means.

"You're saying that three different things could have happened at different times, and by different people."

"Yeah."

What seems like a single event may actually be a series of events at the hands of different people, Ruiz said.

"Even if it was a mob in the first place, the people who killed the priests, the people who stole the stuff, and the people who set the fires would be different, and the timing of those things would be different."

"And."

"Ludwig, as you say, the temple is poorly guarded. I think you're right."

"No matter how many mobs there are....... No matter how incapable of combat the priest is."

"The likelihood of a priest the size of an archbishop being killed at the hands of a mob seems....... seems very low."

Neither Louise nor Ellen seemed to recognize that this was anything out of the ordinary.

At the end of the day, sitting down and talking doesn't change anything.

"Let's go to the field."

Ellen says

The crucial difference between Ludwig and Ellen.

In the land of men, there is no door that does not open at the name of Ellen Artorius.

It's not the Guard, it's not the Crusaders.

"Me....... sister."

Heinrich looks at Louise cautiously.

Louise looks at Heinrich with her usual stony expression. This is the man who, in all honesty, seems to be as cold as they come, but who, after all, killed two of his brothers with his own hands for Heinrich's sake.

I can't tell you how much I hate Heinrich and how much guilt I feel for him.

"You're helping a friend, who am I to tell you what to do, and I've had a hand in it."

Heinrich and Louise have come to rest.

I'm not here to be political.

"Of course, if you think it's dangerous, you should stop."

Louise says and looks at Ludwig.

"So I'll follow you."

Whether she helps or not, she seems to want everyone to back off if she thinks it's dangerous. There's no reason for her to stand by and watch Heinrich do something dangerous.

"Go, thank you......."

Ludwig was ecstatic when Ellen stepped up to help the unexpected.

This is something.

Things just keep getting bigger.

Somehow this job. I don't think it's going to end well.

So you have a bunch of people in this room who are suddenly up to no good.

I have a feeling this isn't going to end well.

I wanted to say something, but I'm a cat, after all, and I couldn't say anything except meow.





Episode 587.





Heinrich, Ludwig, Ellen, and Louise.

The four of them abruptly left the temple, leaving the cat behind, of course. Not a good place to be.

We all had our hoods up because it included people who didn't like to be in the spotlight and people who shouldn't be in the spotlight.

There's no reason to be stealthy, but you don't need to be overly conspicuous either.

Heinrich, however, looked guiltily at the snow on the streets and the countless guards clearing it.

Ellen, who has been leading the way, looks at Ludwig.

"Tell me everything you know about that priest."

"About Rowen......?"

"Yes."

"Does it....... important?"

"In some cases."

Ellen didn't bother to explain to Ludwig why the story about Rowen was important.

Ludwig began to tell the story as best he could.

The name is Rowen.

His rank as a priest is Archbishop.

And that he was tasked with cleaning up the mess while being escorted by a guard.

"An archbishop-level priest wandering the streets alone, things must be pretty bad."

"Yes......."

"Hmmm....... It must be that way. Most of the priests and paladins will be with the Alliance, and the Tuan priests are absolutely dwindling in numbers......."

There are so many places that need priests that an archbishop-level priest would have to roam alone, and so few of them.

Louise nodded as if she understood what I meant.

It might help your case if you tell us everything you know about Rowen.

Although Rowen is already dead, Ludwig considers how much he knows about her.

I don't think he deserved to die, but Ludwig didn't know much about Rowen.

We've only been working together for a little under a week, so we don't know much.

But then Ludwig remembers.

A story about an archbishop.

"......I heard about that."

"What story?"

"Father Rowen was originally a bishop, but after the Gate debacle, he became an archbishop......."

At that, Ellen and Heinrich nod slowly.

"There are so many vacancies, someone has to fill them, and you've been given an undeserved position....... I'm pretty sure that's what I heard."

Ludwig's ability to put clues together and deduce something is poor, but his memory is by no means bad.

You are not a lord who has lost a province.

She was actually ordained an archbishop in the wake of Gate.

"If you're talking about an archbishop with an extremely reduced archdiocese to manage, you're talking about someone who wasn't really an archbishop in the role of archbishop."

Ellen says as she walks away.

"He probably had a different job title, and he probably had different duties than he actually had."

Right now, they don't know what they're chasing, but they know what they need to focus on.

It's also important to have a good idea of who Rowen is.

Ludwig couldn't help but feel strange.

A dead person.

He's been murdered, but Ellen is asking about a different victim, not the fire scene or the suspect's description.

But Ellen might be sensing something she doesn't see, and Ludwig can only squeeze out what he knows.

"Before we broke up yesterday, I asked you what you really do for a living."

"What did you say?"

Ludwig's words were echoed by Heinrich.

"I'm looking into the strange things that happen in refugee camps."....... He says he's been doing cleanup work and learning about the strange things that happen in refugee camps....... Strange things happen in places where so many people die, he says, and he tries to deal with them if he can......."

"You recognize strange things?"

"Apparently....... and that's what you're doing."

At Ludwig's words, Louise nods slowly in her robes.

"If you don't read too much into it, you're trying to respond to an unspecified situation in a refugee camp....... If you think about the slightly risky possibility......."

Louise says still.

"I've been keeping my finger on the pulse of everything going on in the refugee camps....... I guess that means the same thing."

"That's....... What do you mean, sister?"

At Heinrich's question, Louise glares at her son.

"His actual role may have been intelligence gathering or surveillance of the refugee camps."

The answer was not Louise, but Ellen.

"Do the Crusader Knights or the Order of Tuan have any organizations involved in intelligence gathering?"

"Um......."

Just discussing the possibilities was getting me to the point where I was wondering if this was a problem I shouldn't touch.

"With the combined power of the Five Great Lords, the Crusader Knights are a force more powerful than most nations."

"Right."

"If a force of that size doesn't have an internal organization dedicated to intelligence gathering, that's even weirder."

"Wait....... So you're saying that Ms. Rowen was a spy or something....... or something?"

Ludwig said, puzzled.

"And, why do you only keep talking about....... you keep talking about......."

Rowen is a victim and a victimizer.

But Ellen and Louise were talking as if Rowen was the key to the case.

As if it were a suspect.

"Ludwig."

"Uh, uh......."

Ellen looks at Ludwig.

"If this is simply the work of angry people, there's nothing I can do about it."

"......."

"If Rowen was an ordinary priest, someone who really only did purification work, he would be a victim of injustice."

Ellen says, looking at Ludwig, whose expression is getting harder and harder.

"But if Archbishop Rowen wasn't an ordinary priest, this wouldn't be ordinary."

Archbishop Lowen.

The case depends on who she was.

In a normal case, there's nothing Ellen can do.

"If it's not something out of the ordinary, I might be able to figure something out."

Only if it's suspicious will you be able to figure it out.

The simpler the original case, the harder it is to solve, and the more complex the case, the easier it is to find clues.

Ellen focuses on the victim first, rather than the suspects, to see if there are any complications in the case.

"That's why I'm asking."

Nothing is certain yet.

I'm just asking, just in case.

Ellen added and walked away.



* * *



At the edge of the road, with the burned-out temple in the distance, the group is forced to stop.

"Of course, it's under control."

Louise said, and we all nodded.

"It's not the Guard, it's the Crusaders."

As Ludwig had been told by the head of the Guard, the scene of the crime was already being guarded by troops of the Crusader Knights, not the Guard.

There were a few people milling around the burned-out temple, but most of them just walked by, shrugging off any sparks.

"I cannot touch the affairs of the imperial court, and I cannot touch the affairs of the Crusaders. You know what that means, don't you?"

"Yes."

She was a curious individual with too much on her shoulders to move.

She wants to help Ludwig, but only to the extent that it doesn't cross her personal boundaries. When people start to suspect her intentions, something even stranger happens.

"I have no intention of getting close. Youngest, you're in a different situation than I am, but there's no harm in getting too close."

"Yes, sister."

Heinrich nodded, his expression steadfast, as if he understood Louise's concern.

Louise doesn't need to get involved in the Crusaders' affairs because of her political stance.

She could only offer advice, and had no intention of getting involved in the case.

Add to that the fact that Ludwig is no different from a civilian in the eyes of the Crusaders, and they won't give him a pass.

But whether it's an imperial case or a Crusader case, there's someone with intangible, massive power that can go anywhere.

Ramen and Rafelt.

There is no such thing as a door that won't open in the presence of two holy relics.

"Ludwig, you follow me."

And don't be afraid to bring a friend along for the ride.



* * *



What Ellen did was simple.

"What's going on?"

He approached the paladins cordoning off the burning temple, removed his hood, and spoke a few words.

"Yo, warrior......?"

The paladin in charge of blocking the entrance froze at the sight of Ellen, his gaze darting inside the temple.

Ellen does not hold a position with the Crusader Knights or the Great High Priestess.

However, being the owner of two holy relics already symbolizes more power than the Pope or the leader of the Crusaders.

Going against Ellen is like going against God.

"Last night, a mob set fire to this temple and slaughtered the priests, so the Templars are being sent to identify and preserve the site."

The paladin nodded at Ellen's question.

"Do you mind if I take a look inside?"

"There is a risk of collapse due to the fire, brave, if you enter......."

"If a building ten times bigger than this collapses, it's okay."

"Well, you may be the only one, but even outsiders......."

The paladin balked at the idea of bringing Ludwig in, not even alone.

"He's a friend of mine."

"But......."

"Is there a problem?"

The paladin was speechless at Ellen's words.

Ellen is an agent of God.

No matter where his orders come from, they can't outweigh Ellen's words.

Ellen didn't bother to wait for the paladin's answer, as he couldn't do either.

There wasn't a large paladin anywhere who dared to grab Ellen by the shoulders.

We're in the middle of nowhere, but Ellen doesn't mind being in the middle of nowhere.

It's just that she doesn't actively try to take advantage of them, and when she does, she's the kind of person who can get away with anything.

The burned-out temple had a partially collapsed roof and was in a precarious position where it could collapse at any moment.

So it was only natural that the paladins guarding the entrance would say it was dangerous for Ellen to enter.

"They're following.

But Ellen noticed something else.

Ellen entered the scene, followed by a paladin. They were mice before a feral cat.

Ellen looks around the interior of the temple. The chairs and other items in the temple have been burned, and the stone walls are covered in soot.

Ludwig, understandably, had a bad complexion.

The fire was contained, but I saw countless bodies here.

Now that I was back at the scene, I couldn't help but replay the scene from the morning in my head.

"What happened?"

"We're not sure yet because we're still investigating, but it's believed that unspecified people stormed the temple, looted the goods, killed the priests, and then set it on fire."

Even within the Crusaders themselves, it's unclear how the events unfolded.

"Do we have a casualty count?"

"Three laymen, three priests, and seven temple workers....... All were found dead."

Ellen nodded as she listened.

'We don't know the size of the mob, but....... It would have been impossible to put up much of a fight.'

The temple wasn't very large to begin with, but it was also very thinly staffed. This was inevitable, as the Tuan Sect's power had declined.

'All dead....... It's not that weird of a situation to be mobbed.'

This temple was too small.

This makes it very likely that Louise and Ellen's assumption that an archbishop-level priest would not be easily killed by the people is incorrect.





Episode 588.





"Have you recovered all the bodies?"

"Yes, there is a campaign in progress for the Crusaders' High Priestess."

Ellen stands still and looks around the burned-out temple.

No bodies were found at the site. The temple had already partially collapsed, so it was clear that it was important to recover the bodies quickly.

Ludwig looked around the temple with a stern expression on his face.

Ellen also explores the chapel of the burned temple.

"It's likely a mob attack.

The size of the temple is so small that it's easy for the temple to be attacked by civilians and the priests to be killed.

Catching the culprit will be difficult, but it's more likely than not that there's something else behind this.

"What was the fire situation?"

"It's believed that the arson took place with all the priests killed, and then people who saw the temple on fire came in and looted it."

"Are you saying you saw a fire and looted it?"

"Yes. We have multiple witnesses. They say they saw the fire and tried to get in."

"such as......."

At that, both Ludwig and Ellen narrowed their eyes.

As Louise says, there is a sequence of events.

But arson is not the last. Looting might be the last.

"You didn't loot and set fire to it, you saw it on fire and looted it?"

"Yes......."

It's not something that would happen under normal circumstances, but every penny counts, every meal counts.

The temple is on fire.

Those who saw the fire attempted to loot it, hoping to take something of value or food from its contents.

The reasoning that arson would be the last thing they would do is wrong. That's because I didn't understand people's desperation.

Looting comes last.

And the looters are not the killers, they are the bystanders.

He ran into a fire and stole.

Of course, it's also possible that the killers looted and then set fire to it, after which bystanders stole what was left.

"If the arson came first, the priests would have gotten out of the temple before it was swallowed by fire. The arson came after the murder, and the looting was done by bystanders.

"The priests died first, then the arson, and finally the looting.

'Then it's likely that the killers killed the priests and set them on fire, though we still don't know what their purpose was.'

"First of all, the marauders Ludwig saw aren't murderers. They're thieves.

"Well, at least I know one.

Ellen collects her thoughts and looks at the fidgeting paladin.

"This case, is there any chance of catching the perpetrators?"

"......I can't answer that for sure yet."

When Ellen asked, the paladin hesitantly replied, "Yes.

If this is indeed the behavior of a mob, then whatever priest Rowen actually is, even if Ludwig and Ellen are more involved, they won't be able to figure anything out.

If you find them, you'll probably catch a few thieves, but not the ones who killed the priest.

'It's not impossible that there could be a massacre of civilians by the Crusaders over this, but it's unlikely that the Crusaders would do something like that when they're already in the public eye.......'

Ellen ponders.

This is never a good thing, but Ludwig will back down if you tell him the case at face value.

The mob stormed the temple and set it on fire.

The killer is a civilian, and Rowen's lack of combat skills means that his healing powers are not enough to save him from the blades that mow him down.

Whether Rowen's real title is spy or whatever, there's no reason for Ludwig to find out in the first place.

"Warrior, leave this to us and......."

However, Ellen is conscious of the paladin's presence, who keeps trying to push her out of her comfort zone.

It was obvious that the thief was very uneasy about Ellen being here.

The paladin's insecurities were keeping Ellen from leaving.

'We've recovered all the bodies.......'

It's not that I don't understand the haste with which they removed the bodies, as they could have been preserved in the field and then buried in a collapsing building.

But it's not like the whole building burned down, and it's not like the whole building collapsed.

Ellen looks at the walls of the building that weren't swallowed by the flames.

'bloodstain.......'

We see blood stains where we think the body may have been.

In her mind's eye, Ellen imagines what the murder scene looked like.

The victim was killed with his back to the wall.

'Blood splattered on the walls, and a large amount of blood on the floor....... He must have died on the spot.'

'The weapon used was a blade. Most likely a sword.......'

'The direction of the blood spatter is right upwards. That means the cut was made from the left side upwards.......'

"It's not a downward slash, it's an upward slash, and it's not in the direction where the force is going to go.

"If you look at the amount of blood, it's not a cut, it's a dismemberment. The bones were cut together, and there's no way it could have been that bad.

'There's no way a civilian who doesn't even know how to properly handle a weapon can cut a man to the bone in one fell swoop.......'

"Never.

Ellen takes a closer look at the blood-spattered wall.

"The raiders must have included someone with a level of enchantment.

Ellen looked at the marks and read the circumstances of the killing, which were impossible for a normal human being to accomplish with ordinary strength.

We don't know if the paladins don't have a clue, or if they do but won't tell us.

We don't know if Ellen is withholding information simply because she's an outsider, because it's something that shouldn't be revealed, or because she has evidence in front of her and doesn't realize it.

"Something....... Okay?"

As Ellen pondered something, Ludwig interrupted.

"No, not really."

Ellen didn't tell him what she'd discovered, not even because of the watching eyes.

Ellen looked beyond the chapel to other areas.

The temple was not intact, and in some places it had collapsed.

Beyond the chapel, at the back of the temple, the roof had completely collapsed, bringing down the priests' quarters, the kitchen, and other buildings, with cold winds blowing in from the breached ceiling and a fresh layer of snow already on the ground.

"Warrior, there may be additional collapses."

"That's fine."

It's a pile of rubble from the roof, and you can't tell what's underneath it.

"Could there be other people's bodies in there? What's the status of the search?"

"Oh....... We've already collected all the bodies, it was early in the morning when this side collapsed."

"I see."

Ellen could see from the tiny skeleton of the collapsed roof that the paladin was right about the possibility of further collapse. The snow was still accumulating, and with just a few more feet of snow, the temple might collapse.

Ellen was convinced that the paladin's story of a mob attack was either a lie, or he didn't know the facts.

The assumption that they might not have been able to resist armed civilians is incorrect. The attackers would not have been civilians.

The order of events was murder, arson, and looting.

Ellen's guess is that it wasn't a mob that showed up during the killing phase.

If so, why?

What did the raiders intend to do with this location?

Not surprisingly, it was because this place had meaning.

But what possible meaning or value could there be in this not-so-big temple? Even though it was burned, Ellen didn't see much value in it.

If this isn't just an angry mob attack, there has to be a reason.

Reasonable cause and justification.

However, the Paladins have a history of intentionally withholding information.

The bodies have all been recovered, and if so, any meaningful clues Ellen could have gleaned from this place, aside from the bloodstains on the walls, would have been obliterated.

Ellen remembers Louise's words.

Three stages of events.

Murder, arson, and looting.

By killing them first, it was clear that they were not civilians. And it's unlikely that the goal was to loot in the first place, but to kill the priests.

At the end of the looting, they were just bystanders who turned into looters. The looters, then, are irrelevant to the real heart of the matter.

Ruiz said the three incidents may have been perpetrated by different people.

This wasn't just a case of angry people.

Looting was a natural part of the process, as looters jumped on the fire because they thought there might be something there that wasn't worth burning.

So looting is a byproduct, murder is the core.

Why was this temple raided?

I'm sure there's a good reason for that.

There's probably more to it than meets the eye.

What happened in the second phase was arson.

Why was fireproofing necessary?

That's probably because it's necessary.

Why fireproofing is necessary.

The result of arson.

Ellen looks at the crumbling temple.

Did I need to burn something?

Or, did it need to be broken?

It's hard to tell.

Ellen is sure of one thing.

It was clear that this was no ordinary temple.

"This temple, what was it doing?"

At Ellen's question, the paladin tilted his head as if he didn't know what she was talking about.

"Yes? It was a temple to Tuan, the goddess of purity."

"......."

It was getting to the point where I couldn't tell if he really didn't know or if he was pretending not to.

Ellen looks around.

"Ellen."

Then Ludwig, who had been silent, called for Ellen.

"Yes."

"Something....... smell?"

Ludwig's words silenced Ellen for a moment.

It definitely smells fishy.

We don't know if the paladins know and are hiding the truth, or if they want to send Ellen away because she is truly dangerous.

Ellen knows that Ludwig is not good with his head, but Ludwig is suspicious, too.

The scene is definitely suspicious.

No.

Smell?

Ellen looks at Ludwig.

Ludwig wrinkles his nose.

It wasn't a suspicious smell, it was a real smell.

"......."

It turns out this idiot was just being a dick and was literally talking about the actual smell.

And I mean that in the most literal sense of the word. It's a fire scene, and the burnt odor is so overpowering that Ellen is conserving her breathing as best she can.

"What smell?"

"That....... stinks......."

Odor.

You can smell the burnt odor, but the stench is a little off.

A horrible burnt odor that's everywhere.

But something else mixed in there.

It's subtle, but it's there.

A stench that gets under your nose.

To be precise.

"Yeah, it smells like feces."

"Right......?"

Poo-pee, i.e. the smell of feces.

"It's got the smell of blood in it."

I can smell the blood in the air.

It could be the scent of the dead, but that's not what Ludwig and Ellen's sense of smell detects.

It's a very strong odor.

The kind of odor that's not buried or lost in the flames, but is clearly coming from somewhere.

Ludwig couldn't help but focus on the smell.

The smell of filth and blood.

It was a smell I'd smelled many, many times on the battlefield.

A smell eerily familiar to Ellen and Ludwig.

And the epicenter of that smell.

Ellen folds her arms.

"Ludwig."

"Yes."

"Help me clean up the debris."

"Uh, uh! Okay!"

"Hey, warrior......!"

The paladin stood in Ellen's way as if to say no.

"One more time, one more unnecessary word."

Ellen lifts her robes, her fingertips brushing against the sword at her waist.

This refers to Laments, the Moonlight Sword and Voidblade.

"I know you're in for a treat."

Ellen's irritation was mounting.



* * *



As Ellen and Ludwig began to clear the rubble of the collapsed building, the paladin at their side grew impatient.

The good news was that the building's exterior walls were still intact, so Ellen and Ludwig couldn't watch from the outside as they cleared the debris.

Shoveling snow and removing piles of rocks the size of houses was no small task for Ludwig and Ellen.

And both Ludwig and Ellen were convinced without lifting a stone.

The stench of blood and filth was growing stronger in the air.

There's something under this rubble.

Others approached and watched Ellen and Ludwig, but none of the larger paladins dared to stop her.

Unable to stop her, or even help her, he could only watch as Ellen cleared the debris from the building.

And just like that, how much debris was cleared.

"There was an underground."

"......Yes."

A space that was obscured by the rubble of a collapsed building.

In it, Ellen and Ludwig could see a staircase leading down to the basement.

And there was a definite smell of filth and blood coming from that basement stairwell.

Ellen stares at the pale-faced paladins.

"Don't follow me, don't go anywhere, wait here."

It was a stern warning to Ellen that she was deliberately trying to deceive me and that I should be prepared for whatever I saw.

"Let's go."

"Yes."

Ellen led the way, followed by Ludwig.





Episode 589.





The stairs down to the basement were not long. As they descended through the rubble to the entrance, the stench grew more and more unbearable, and the fetid scent of blood rose to disgusting levels.

"What the heck is......."

Ellen nervously pushed open the door to the temple's basement.

In the saccharine darkness, a cloak of the sun was draped over Ellen's shoulders, and soon, beside her, searing flames from the sun's cloak pushed back the darkness.

Soon, as the darkness receded, a long hallway appeared, with rooms all around.

The basement was not affected by the fire.

But the corridors were littered with bodies, some unclaimed, some not.

"Here too......."

Ludwig was wide-eyed, staring blankly down the hall.

There was a secret room in the temple.

The stench that rose to the surface was the smell of blood and filth from the corpses.

"I think killing the people here was the original purpose of the raiders."

Unlike Ludwig, who was fed up, Ellen walked calmly down the hall.

What does this temple, and the dead underground people, mean.

'I think that's what this place is really about in the first place.......'

Not too many people, but not too few either.

Ellen walked down the underground corridors, glancing at the various rooms.

Some rooms looked like dining rooms, some looked like storage rooms, and some were bedrooms.

'The surface was a cover, the underground was real, and there were more people living there than I'd ever heard of.......'

Ellen's eyes caught sight of a few weapons, including a fallen sword and spear.

'Traces of battle, not massacre.......'

'This is where the raiders and the people in the basement got into a fight.'

But more importantly, it was impossible to tell which of the bodies were attackers and which were victims. None of them were wearing priestly robes.

In the basement, there were more stairs leading down.

And a foul odor was rising from the basement.

Ludwig wasn't terrified, but he was more confused than ever, knowing that more people were dead, and that the temple was serving a purpose that was far different than it appeared.

Ellen has reached the second floor of the basement.

"Is this....... What is this......?"

Ludwig froze, mumbling to himself.

Ellen stares out into the open space, muttering to herself.

"Prison."

There were cages in what looked like a large detention center.

And the prisoners were dead, hanging from the walls.

'Cause of death is penetrating....... He was stabbed with a spear-like weapon.'

Ellen circles the second floor of the basement and sees the bodies beyond the bars.

'The other bodies all have the same cause of death, which means they were stabbed from the outside of the cage to the inside, with a spear....... Most likely by execution.'

"Judging by the scars on each body, they must have been tortured, not just locked up, and there are quite a few rooms that look like torture chambers.

"Imprisonment, and Torture.

"Were the people who stormed this place trying to rescue people who were trapped?

"If that's the intent, then these people weren't killed by raiders, they were killed by people in the basement of this temple.

"I'm not sure if the goal was to rescue or not, but I'm guessing it failed.

"Who are these people, and why are they locked up here?

"Ellen......."

Ellen's musings were interrupted by Ludwig's rapturous voice.

Ludwig, who calls himself Ellen, is standing in front of a cage, staring blankly into it.

"I....... I saw this person yesterday."

"What?"

With that, Ellen moved to Ludwig's side.

A mysterious prisoner, impaled on a spear. But of course, Ellen didn't recognize the person in front of her.

Ludwig's eyes were shaking violently.

"Yesterday....... Among those who tried to attack me and the priest....... There was this guy, apparently......."

"You were going to raid?"

Ludwig nods.

Ludwig briefly explained yesterday's situation.

There was an uproar over the pagans during the purge, and Rowen seemed to lose his cool a bit when he saw them. However, when he realized that they were Warrior Cultists, he gave up trying to help.

On their way back from the cleansing, the cultists attempted to attack Ludwig and Rowen, and Ludwig escaped with Rowen in tow.

One of the men who did is now dead in prison.

"You made it sound like you were going to leave them alone......."

"Actually, they were taken from a refugee camp....... or something like that."

Angered by Rowen's death, Ludwig sought Ellen's help.

However, we now have almost certain evidence that Rowen is very far from being a good person.

We don't know if this is the case with all of the people in the cages, but it is very likely that they are pagans.

And Rowen's demeanor at the sight of the heathen, who seemed to lose his cool, if only briefly.

Advisor's Office.

Now Ludwig has no choice but to know what this place is and who Rowen is.

"You can't possibly....... This is....... and the priest is......."

Ludwig mumbles something incoherent, and Ellen remains still, looking at the view of the prison.

"He must have been an inquisitor."

"......."

It's a place where heretics are interrogated, tortured, and indoctrinated.

If so, Archbishop Rowen would have been the priest equivalent of the leader of the Inquisitors.

Ludwig could only stare in disbelief, feeling betrayed and defeated.

It is almost certain that they were capturing and torturing the pagans in the refugee camps.

Ellen wasn't shocked, but that didn't stop her from exploring the dungeon.

The prison didn't just have cells and torture chambers. Ellen looked over the dead bodies to make sure there was nothing else unusual about them.

I realized they were refugees because they were skinny from not eating properly.

'I mean, they had enough force to inquisition and enough combat power to defend this place.......'

Raiding the strongholds of the Inquisitors.

So it was clear that it wasn't just a mob, and if it was a mob, it wasn't a normal mob.

'We stormed in to rescue them, but they'd already been killed for silence. And the entrance to the basement was sealed off by a collapse....... We're still not sure who did it.'

The raiders stormed the Inquisitor's headquarters, killing everyone inside before vaporizing the Inquisitors.

"In any case, the entrance to the basement was blocked by rubble, likely before the guards or marauders arrived.

A fire broke out, and the guards were called in.

The guards' inability to identify the space meant that the entrance to the basement had been blocked long before that.

Before anyone could see what they shouldn't, the Crusaders moved in and took jurisdiction of the case over to the Guard.

'You didn't let me in so I wouldn't see the shit you're doing here.......'

The sight of civilians being captured, tortured, and killed, even in the name of inquisition, was enough to make Ellen's blood boil.

But I can't stop Ellen from walking, so I can only make way for her in vain.

Ellen makes her way past the holding cells and torture chambers to the deepest room.

"Ellen......."

"Yes. I'm listening."

"If you're an Inquisitor, you're like....... paladins, you'd have to fight."

"I don't know, but I guess I should."

Though not necessarily, heretical inquisitors would have needed to have some real combat power, in case the pagans were dealing with dangerous forces.

"Then....... Mr. Rowen must be a high ranking Inquisitor."

"I'm sure you did."

"Then maybe Mr. Rowen....... who could actually fight?"

Head of the Inquisition.

Rather, they will need actual force.

Of course, this may not be the case. Those who sit on the papal throne of the Five Great Houses may have a great deal of divine power at their disposal, but they are not necessarily drawn from the ranks of paladins.

"Maybe not, but he was the one doing the outside work, so I'm sure he did."

But Lowen was on the ground, so he must have been a very good fighter. Maybe even better than Ludwig.

"...... Why the hell did they need security?"

Ludwig's confusion was palpable, and Ellen couldn't help but think that his questions were valid.

"If he's an inquisitor, he'll definitely be able to fight, and if he's just wandering around the refugee camps gathering information about the heretics or spying on them, there's no reason for him to be escorted by a guard, he'll be more comfortable moving around on his own. It doesn't make sense."

"Why on earth would they do that?"

"I don't know. Not yet."

That's definitely weird.

While we can't rule out the possibility that Rowen is indeed incapable of combat, it's odd that he's the head of the Inquisition and someone who's out in the field.

Ellen walked through the prison and came to a room at the end of another hallway.

When she opened the door, Ellen could see a desk, chair, and bookshelf inside.

It was the space of the person in charge.

The bookshelves were lined with books on the temple and theology, and Ellen approached the table.

There were a few papers scattered about, and most of them were encrypted, so Ellen couldn't tell what they meant by looking at them.

Since we were dealing with confidential information, it was only natural that all documents were encrypted.

But.

From there.

Ellen had a piece of paper she recognized.

"!"

It's not a paper trail.

Cautiously, Ellen lifts the single sheet of paper.

"Did you find anything?"

Ellen picked up the papers and handed them to Ludwig, who couldn't help but roll his eyes.

The one thing you can't recognize, but can recognize a password document.

The photos in those papers.

"My face is....... Why are you here......?"



There was a picture of Ludwig.

"I don't know what it says, but it's obviously a document with your name on it."

Just because you can't read it doesn't mean you can't infer what it says.

"I didn't need a bodyguard."

Ellen looks at Ludwig.

"I don't know why, but I think I reached out to you in the first place."

It was clear that Rowen had intentionally approached Ludwig.

For now, Ellen tucked the papers into her arms.



* * *



The Temple of Tuan, already disguised as a decaying temple, had a place underground where people were locked up and tortured.

Home of the Inquisitors.

I was able to see the hidden side of the temple.

Most of the Inquisitors were slaughtered by unidentified raiders.

A fire broke out, and after the fire, looters ransacked the temple.

And the entrance to the basement was blocked by the collapse after the fire, which was intentional.

Ludwig is stunned that Lowen is the one who has masterminded such a terrible thing.

Your work is done.

Ellen returned to the surface with a stunned Ludwig.

At Ellen's command, the paladins were not allowed to enter or leave the area.

The paladins were supposed to prevent Ellen from seeing this, but they couldn't stand in her way.

Ellen doesn't know if they have anything to do with the Inquisition or not. But they must know what this place is about, and they want to stop her.

If I were to be decapitated by the sword of an enraged warrior right here and now, I would have nothing to say.

The paladins say nothing, waiting for the words to come out of the warrior's mouth.

"You said you didn't have enough priests."

Ellen didn't judge them or ask for the truth.

They likely wouldn't know the details anyway.

"I guess there are still some priests left to kill people."

Ellen walked past them and said, "That's it.





Episode 590.





Ellen and Ludwig made it out of the burning temple.

"The Crusaders will know I'm in there, and they won't be able to touch me, but they might try to silence you."

"......."

"Stay out of the temple for now."

"......Yes."

Ludwig was stunned.

Helping Rowen with his work gave Ludwig a small glimmer of hope that he could do something about it.

But Rowen was actually an inquisitor, gathering information from refugee camps to kidnap and torture heretics, and for some unknown reason, he was deliberately approaching her.

Rowen didn't need Ludwig's protection in the first place. He wanted to take advantage of it, and he did.

Ludwig suddenly understood Lowen's strange attitude toward the pagan. He was an inquisitor.

I may have been lying to you about the cleanup in the first place.

"Took you long enough."

"Yes."

Ellen and Ludwig joined Heinrich and Louise, who were waiting in the alleyway.

"...... You have that look on your face like you just found out you weren't supposed to know."

Louise didn't need to hear the details, just the look on their faces told her that something was definitely up.



* * *



In Heinrich's case, he's the commander of the Cernstadt army and heir to the first throne of Cernstadt.

For a moment, Ellen wondered if she should tell such a person what the Crusaders could do, but then she realized that she didn't know what she was thinking.

It's inevitable that she'll get caught up in everything political, but Ellen isn't interested in that. She understands that with position comes responsibility, but isn't overthinking neutrality already political in itself?

Louise knows the importance of her position better than Ellen does, and she is here to help Ludwig, not as commander of Cernstadt.

That's why Ellen confided in Louise and Heinrich about what she learned in the temple.

It was an inquisition disguised as a ramshackle temple, with a huge dungeon and torture chamber beneath the temple, and everyone in it was dead.

"Inquisition?"

Heinrich heard the story and froze.

"I think they were capturing people and torturing them."

And then Ellen said something equally important.

That there were papers with Ludwig's picture on them in what appeared to be Rowen's office.

"Did you intentionally send Ludwig to......? Why on earth?"

"I don't know about that yet."

Rowen is an inquisitor.

He intentionally approached Ludwig and tried to use him in some way.

Heinrich looked at Ludwig in disbelief, his mouth watering. He had been getting better over the past few days, and this would only shock him more than before.

He was being taken advantage of, but he didn't even realize it, and he was happy that there was still something he could do.

Rowen was even traveling around the refugee camps with Ludwig, capturing, torturing, and killing any pagans he came across.

"That's weird."

Louise, who has been listening to the story, narrows her brow.

"What does using Ludwig have to do with the inquisition?"

The context was completely unknown to everyone in the room. Ludwig is not a believer in the Five Great Houses, nor does he believe in martial religion. He has nothing to do with heresy in the first place.

"By the way......."

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"About Ellen....... about Ellen."

"Me......?"

Ellen shook her head at that, and Ludwig nodded.

"He seemed to really dislike the Mercenaries, and he asked me what you were like, and he said....... And when he heard I went to the Temple, he asked me....... and asked me what the Devil was like."

Ellen's expression only grew more serious as she realized that Rowen had mentioned her.

"No way....... was trying to get to you through Ludwig?"

"Maybe."

In response to Louise's question, Ellen nodded in silence. Louise frowns and bites her lip, unable to understand further.

"I don't know what you think of the martial arts, but....... It's not directly related to you, is it?"

"Yes."

It is an arbitrary folk religion, and as such, it exists outside of the will of Ellen Artorius herself, the object of the faith.

"As an Inquisitor, I'm guessing you wanted to get rid of the Mercenary Order....... If so, he was trying to reach you through Ludwig to do you harm."

Ludwig's eyes widened when he was told that Rowen had reached Ellen through him and might have tried to kill her.

"No way....... No way......."

"The Mercenary Order has nothing to do with me, but when I die, the Mercenary Order will be gone. Maybe that's what you were thinking."

Ludwig's complexion turned even whiter at Ellen's explanation.

The death of Ellen, the center of the Mercenary Cult, would destroy it. It's a naturally occurring folk religion, but if Ellen dies, it will cease to exist.

The Mercenary Church would seek another faith. They would return to the bosom of the Great Lord, or they would seek a new faith.

They don't love Ellen, they love hope. You just have to give them hope, no matter who they are.

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"......Now that I think about it, I did say that."

"What?"

Ludwig said he didn't know much about the demon, and Ellen seemed to be a victim.

And.

"You say that Ellen seems to be the victim of all this....... I asked her if she knew that......."

Apparently, as he said that, he gave me an odd smile that I couldn't quite make out the meaning of.

Not as if you don't know, but as if you know differently.

"I don't know what it was, but it was as if what I knew was true and different....... It felt like something was laughing at me......."

Ludwig's words left Ellen speechless.

Louise watched as Ellen's eyes widened as if she had heard something shocking.



* * *



A conversation between Ludwig and Rowen that no one else noticed.

That little snippet helped Ellen realize a truth.

"I knew why and how the gate incident happened.

That's why Ludwig laughed when he said that Ellen was the victim.

Ellen has never seen Rowen's face. But Rowen knows the truth, and Ludwig, who is close to Ellen and can see her at any time, does not.

Because it's funny, and because it's sad.

That's why I said that.

"I think it's possible that he approached Ellen to get rid of the Mercenary Order....... I think you're right."

Heinrich's words made Ellen want to bite her tongue.

'No....... No.'

Though she couldn't bring herself to spit it out, Ellen knew what Rowen had been thinking.

'He was trying to get back at....... on me.'

He was one of the causes of the Gate crisis, but he blames the devil for all of it, claiming to be a warrior and admired by many.

Those who believe in the Warrior religion treat those who believe in the Great Gods religion as sinners and praise only Ellen.

How disgusting and repulsive that must have been.

The death of Ellen would have been secondary to the demise of the Order.

Rowen also asked what the demon was like, not Ellen.

This means that if Rowen knew the truth, he might actually side with the Devil.

She is a priestess of Tuan.

So, if we know that Tiamata's owner, the Devil, didn't actually want the gate to happen, and even warned him about it, we have no choice but to support him.

The opposite was true for Ellen, who I could only hate and loathe.

Only Ellen knew that, and she was as still as a stone, unable to open her mouth.

Ludwig is even more devastated when he realizes the possibility that Rowen may have used him to get to Ellen.

Ludwig had to realize that being close to someone special was not only enough to make you special, but it also meant that you could be used without regard to your own worth.

"With both Rowen and your Inquisitor dead, it's impossible to accomplish whatever it was you were trying to do....... But that doesn't mean all is lost."

Louise looks at Ellen.

"Who the hell was it that raided that temple. Do you mind if I don't reveal that?"

Regardless of Rowen's intentions, there were too many red flags to assume that her death solved everything.

It is only speculation that Rowen might have tried to kill Ellen.

"Even if the Inquisitor was trying to kill you in the first place, there's something odd about that."

"Weird....... part?"

"What does kidnapping and torturing a martial artist have to do with you?"

"ah......."

For a moment, Ellen is shocked that Rowen might know the truth, unable to think about the implications of what has already happened.

"Not all fanatics and madmen are fools. I can't help but notice that you had nothing to do with the rise of the Mercenary Order. Were there obvious signs of torture?"

"There were torture chambers, and the bodies showed signs of being tortured."

Louise nodded slowly at Ellen's words.

"You can torture someone just to make them suffer, but torture is basically about getting information."

Louise says.

"What information can you possibly learn about yourself by torturing people who have never seen you in their lives, or at best, have only seen you in passing?"

That's definitely weird.

If Ludwig was approached to kill Ellen, it is likely that the torture of the Mercenaries was done for that purpose.

But no amount of torture can tell us anything about Ellen. There's no way they didn't know that.

"Maybe they were trying to convert......."

"The youngest. There's no way you can convert all of the Warrior Cultists through torture."

"Well, I see......."

"You may have thought that killing a warrior was the only way to end the warrior religion. But I can't help but think that it's crazy to try to kill a warrior under these circumstances....... I don't know."

We end up in a quagmire, wondering if it was just the craziness of a fanatic, or if there was something else going on.

We can deduce Rowen's purpose from the clues, but we don't know for sure what it is.

This was originally Ludwig's job.

However, as we dug deeper into the case, we realized that it was very likely Ellen's work.

Rowen's true purpose is still unknown. We don't even know who attacked the temple.

But if Ellen wants to dig deeper into this, it's inevitably going to be dangerous.

"The Crusaders, or the High Priest. Either way, they know about this, because the priest couldn't have done it alone. And I can't even be sure that he really tried to kill me, because that's just a possibility."

"I suppose so."

Ellen says calmly.

"I'm on my own from here, it's my problem."

It's political, it's dangerous.

No help from Louise, no help from Heinrich, no help from Ludwig.

Louise stares at Ellen, who looks stony-faced.

Someone who has to carry so much at such a young age and doesn't mind doing so.

Ludwig's words about being a victim of everything.

And that attitude of going it alone, no matter what's in front of you.

Luiz knows he can't keep his hands out of this.

But in the end, I can't help but feel sorry for the attitude that you have to take it all, whether you're willing or not.

You're on your own.

Louise thinks about Ellen's sad words.

"It's just me."

Louise smiles bitterly.

When you have so much on your plate, you're bound to have a lot on your plate, no matter how small.

What's royalty without an heir anyway?

A warrior is about to try his hand at something dangerous, when his death could mean the end of humanity.

"Your problem is the problem of all of humanity."

"......."

Suppose Ellen's death ruins everything in the world.

The things Louise carries on her shoulders become irrelevant in the face of Ellen's life.

Ellen couldn't help but choke up when Louise said she would help her all the way.



* * *



Even the Inquisitors are, after all, part of the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses. So it was as if Ellen's destination for learning more about Rowen had already been determined.

It's the Crusaders' Great War.

Louise, as well as Heinrich and Ludwig, moved with Ellen.

Ludwig had originally asked Ellen to uncover Lowen's wrongful death, but it turns out that Lowen had been responsible for countless other wrongful deaths.

So, in effect, the raiders who killed Rowen may have done the right thing.

Rowen is not an innocent man.

Ludwig hadn't thought to question Lowen's mask until now.

No, I kept seeing something suspicious.

However, it's also possible that the idea of being able to do something just by being with Rowen kept you from questioning it.

Not knowing what to do, but wanting to do something about his frustration, Ludwig wanted to see this end.

How far does this work really reach. Where are the roots of this work.

What the heck is going on.

Ludwig wanted to know, just as Ellen wanted to know, even though he knew that knowing would only frustrate rather than enlighten him.

Did Rowen really want to kill Ellen?

The reason for the torture of the Mercenaries.

I wonder if the Crusaders know about this.

Just as Ellen was able to push her way into a raid site guarded by paladins, the Great Hall, the headquarters of the Crusader Knights, was no different.

"I want to meet the leader of the Crusader Knights."

That was all it took.





Episode 591.





Crusader Knight Commander Elayon Bolton.

The successor to former Crusader Knightmaster Revere Lance, who stepped down from the position due to what he did to his adopted daughter, Olivia Lance.

He was pro-Imperial, but only in comparison to Leviathan, not in the sense that he was fully embedded in the Empire.

Leviathan Lance dreamed of establishing a Holy Empire completely independent of the Crusader Knights and the forces of the Five Great Houses, and he intended to make the first High Priestess of that Holy Empire his adopted daughter.

He dreamed of an empire of gods called the Holy City, divided into five schools of thought, and a pope who ruled over them.

Of course, very few knew of his ambition, and he was forced to put an end to his long dream by being killed by a demon.

Compared to such a Leviathan, Elion Bolton is a more centrist figure.

Good enough. Someone who thinks the status quo is the best we can do with the forces we have and the resources we have.

As such, he was a natural fit for the powers that be.

The fact that the organization is still around after the events of the Gate proves that Elayon Bolton is more than capable of leading the Crusaders.

Ellen was alone in the meeting with the Crusader Commander.

But while I was alone in the room, the visit itself was accompanied by a group.

Ludwig, Heinrich.

And Louise von Schwarz.

The other three were not in the interview room, but were in a separate room waiting for the interview to end.

That was Louise's opinion.

Ellen asked if it would be better to wait outside so Louise wouldn't get caught up in a nasty argument, but Louise shook her head.

"Come with me, but do the talking.

"Don't you think it's better to be face-to-face together? If we're going to be separate, it's better if they don't know we're here together.

If you're going to go with them, go with them to the meeting with the Crusader Commander, or at least make sure they don't know you're there.

Ellen thought that was good.

I wondered if I shouldn't have come to the meeting in the first place.

"Just the fact that you're not here alone puts pressure on them.

'The Grand Master of the Templars must take my presence into account because you and I have come together, but I have my reasons for following my youngest friend to the High Temple of the Templars.'

"They won't believe you for that reason, but you don't realize how many problems you can get away with for that obvious reason, because all that matters is how you look.

'It will be much easier for you to talk to me if I'm not there.'

"Do you understand what I mean?

Listening to Louise's explanation, Ellen nodded.

"Okay, I see what you mean.

Like Ellen, Louise's mere presence is significant. The Crusader Knights may not actually talk to Louise von Schwarz, but they can't help but feel her presence.

So even in the unlikely event that the crusader leader had strange intentions for Ellen, he would have to give it some serious thought before he acted.

Ellen is a warrior in her own right, but she is also a guest with the heir to the Schwarz family.

Therefore, the conclusion is that to deceive Ellen is to deceive a warrior, but also to deceive the Schwarz family.

Presence can backfire if you overdo it, and Ruiz knew how to use it in moderation.

So Ellen waited alone in the interview room while the rest of the group waited in another room.

A warrior's name is never taken lightly.

Ordinary people couldn't ask for an audience, and even if they could, they'd have to wait until the crusader leader had finished his business.

But just because Ellen is here, the Crusader leader must stop what he's doing and come to the interview room.

If Ellen says she wants to see the crusader, it's no different than if she says she wants to see a horse and tells it to get in front of me right now.

It took less than ten minutes for Ellen to arrive in front of the Great Hall of the Templars, to reach the interview room, and to see the face of the Grand Master of the Templars.

-delay

When the door to the reception room opened, revealing the leader of the Crusader Knights, Elayon Bolton, Ellen rose from her seat and bowed to him.

"Hello."

As Ellen greeted him, Elayon Bolton stroked his shortly shaven beard thoughtfully.

"Hmm. I didn't expect to see you on the ecliptic."

"I see."

Ellen is very polite, but she is fairly polite. Even when she met Louise von Schwarz, she only said hello.

The emperor and the cider are at odds because of their temple days.

So Ellen is not particularly polite to anyone.

Of course, there's no one in the world to point that out. Not then, not now.

"Sit down."

"Yes."

When invited to sit down, Ellen took a seat on the couch, and Elion Bolton sat across from her.

They're pretty familiar with each other.

I've actually been on the battlefield with the crusader leader, and I've seen Ellen in meetings, even if she's not always there.

But it's not often that I get to come back to the ecliptic and see you at the Great Hall of the Crusaders.

Just before the gates burst.

Ellen was there the day Olivia Lanchette went on a rant about Reinhardt's whereabouts.

I don't think that was the first time.

Ellen thought to herself.

I wasn't sitting there for a good reason then, and I'm sure I'm not sitting there now.

Ellen is polite, but she doesn't talk back.

"Do you know why I'm here?"

"......."

Elion Bolton is silent for a moment.

"We've been informed that you entered the scene of a temple fire."

"Tell me from start to finish, what's what. What you know and what you don't know."

Ellen said nonchalantly, without changing her expression.

"You knew you'd come out like this."

This had never happened before, and Elion Bolton smiled bitterly.

"I do it when I have to."

Ellen knows how to be rude when she needs to be rude.

"If you're not going to tell me, what are you going to do?"

At that, Ellen pauses for a moment.

"I'm going to ask until you tell me."

I could lie here all day and no one would touch Ellen's body.

Even if it's the crusader himself.



* * *



Ellen demanded the truth from Elion Bolton, half threateningly.

But the answer was simple.

"I don't know."

"......."

Ellen stares at Elion Bolton, stunned by the bluntness of the answer.

"You don't think I'm going to believe that."

"What you don't know, you don't know."

Ellen tries to figure out how to slip in a lie that is so casual.

If your opponent is consistent with the mortar, what the heck are you supposed to do?

"Are you saying that Archbishop Rowen in the temple wasn't part of the Crusader Order? I didn't know he was part of the Tuan Order....... What are you talking about?"

"No, Archbishop Rowen was a member of the Crusaders. He is the Inquisitor of the Crusader Order and the one in charge of the Inquisitors of the Zodiac."

As Ellen had seen and thought, Archbishop Rowen was indeed the head of the Inquisition.

"So, you're saying you didn't know he was torturing refugees in the basement of the temple?"

"To be precise, we didn't know about it until now."

"......Are you trying to make a pun?"

Ellen didn't know where to begin to point out that the leader of the Crusade Knights didn't know what he was supposed to know.

Ellen glares at him, and he stares down at the table.

"I'll have to make excuses for my incompetence."

"Incompetent......?"

"Yeah, incompetence."

The Crusaders look at Ellen, still, and say.

"I've been commanding paladins and priests as a crusader in the Alliance, and I've only been back in the ecliptic for a little over a week now."

"......."

"Is it so hard to believe that I couldn't help not knowing what was going on in the ecliptic?"

The Crusader Commander was busy.

It's been busy as hell.

Hence my statement that I couldn't care less and didn't know what was going on with the Crusaders of the Yellow Dawn and the Five Great Houses.

I wasn't competent enough to bother with that, so I ended up being incompetent enough to not know.

If nothing else, Ellen couldn't deny that Elion Bolton was being honest with her.

The Alliance is not just an army of the Empire. It is an army of many surviving nations, as well as the Mages' Guild, the Duchy of Saint-Tuan, the Army of Cernstadt, and many other groups and nations.

As such, each army is subdivided and the direction of the army is determined by the General Headquarters.

The Crusader Knights are a very important part of the Alliance, as is the Cernstadt Army, one of the largest of which includes the Kaiser's Army.

Just as the Emperor was busy, Louise von Schwarz, commander of the Cernstadt army, was unable to leave the Allies until the King handed over command of the army.

The leader of the Crusader Knights, Elayon Bolton, was also unable to leave the Allied lines.

"I don't know if you'll understand, Warrior, but the Crusader Knights are not a simple group."

Elion Bolton slams his fingers down on the table.

"The Crusader Knights are a coalition of the Five Lords."

"Of course I know that."

"It means an empire formed by the union of five imperial states."

"......."

It's a blasphemous statement, but it's semantically correct. The Crusaders are already a small empire in their own right.

"But the leader of the Crusaders is not the Emperor."

"......!"

Ellen couldn't help but roll her eyes.

Ellen, apparently, said that a few days ago in response to Ludwig's question.

The position of Crusader is above Cardinal and below Pope, and only as high as the Pope.

When human nations come together to form an empire, an emperor emerges, but when the five orders come together to elect a crusader knight, he is no more than a pope; he merely leads the group by proxy.

"Do you understand me when I say that I commanded the Crusader Knights of the Alliance as a Crusader Knight Commander, and as such, there are bound to be matters of the Order or Knights that I do not know about?"

While the Grand Master of the Crusade is in retirement, the five Popes are not in retirement. And the Knights Templar have no authority to command the popes.

If the Popes are hiding something from the Templars, the Templars may not know about it.

Ignorance is not bliss.

Ellen doesn't realize that just waging war is a daunting task.

Seriously, the Crusader Templar had no idea.



* * *



Elion Bolton could not help but be ignorant of the affairs of the ecliptic.

This was partly because he might be overwhelmed with the task of conducting the war, and partly because the Popes were responsible for the affairs of the Order of the Zodiac and were not obligated to relay them to Elayon Bolton.

The Templars are nominally less powerful than the popes, so the pope's failure to inform the Templars about the affairs of the Imperium is not a dereliction of duty, but rather something they had no reason to do in the first place.

Elion Boulton didn't say the popes were weird.

The fact that the current Crusader Knight Commander is unaware of the situation in the Zodiac is not a surprise. It just leaves a lot of room for Ellen's imagination.

"I knew that Archbishop Rowen was fulfilling his duties as the leader of the Inquisition in the Eclipse. But I didn't realize he was torturing heretics."

"And I was contacted this morning and dispatched paladins, because it's not good for civilians to go into a place like that."

"It was my orders to secure the site and hide the underground facility."

"Like I said, you can see why."

"But we don't know what Archbishop Lowen was doing."

"I'm just hiding things that people shouldn't see."

Ellen listened to Elion Bolton's words in silence.

With all the attention the fire received, it was impossible to bury the incident quietly.

If his story is true, Elayon Bolton had his paladins deliberately collapse the building, burying the staircase to the basement in rubble.

The event had already happened, there was a massacre and a fire. He was lucky the looters hadn't gone underground and buried him alive.

Soon.

He doesn't know the raiders, and he doesn't know why Archbishop Rowen was killed.

Faced with the task of cleaning up the crime scene and uncovering the truth, Elion Bolton did just that.

The paladins on the scene also knew that the place was a temple of the Inquisitors, but they didn't know what happened.

If word got out that he was capturing and torturing people in the temple's basement, it would only make the Ecliptic's bad reputation worse, so there was nothing Elayon Bolton could do but clean up the mess.

And it was Ellen who went into the field to get a sense of what was going on.

Elayon Bolton doesn't know what Rowen was doing, and he'd have a hard enough time getting back to the ecliptic to figure it out in the first place.

"Really, you don't know anything?"

"I don't know, but I can make a guess."

Elion Bolton stares at Ellen for a moment.

He's supposed to be in the Allied camp, but he didn't just come back in the first place.

"Recently, the cemetery in the basement of the Crusader Knights was robbed."

It was information that very few people knew, but Ellen had heard it across the street. A big event, but one she'd forgotten about because it had nothing to do with her.

"Are you sure you don't want that job at......?"

"Yeah."

Elion Bolton nods.

"I would have been looking into that."

The leader of the Crusader Knights had returned to the Imperium to find out what had happened, and the heresy inquisitors who had remained in the Imperium in the first place must also be investigating.

It's a big deal that we can't let go of, even though other factions or people might be like, "Oh, that happened to us.

"It was refugees who looted that cemetery....... Is that right?"

At Ellen's words, Elayon Bolton shook his head in disbelief.

"We can't know that far. And there are no treasures buried in the tombs of saints."

Elion Bolton looks at Ellen and says, "You're right.

"It wasn't the treasure that was stolen, it was the remains."

"Is that ......?"

Of course, there was no way Ellen could know the truth.





Episode 592.





Elendor had also gotten word from someone at the High Command that the Templars' graveyard had been robbed. Unsurprisingly, the leader of the Crusaders and a number of high-ranking paladins had returned to investigate.

With so much power concentrated in the Alliance, it's inevitable that the security of the Crusaders' anti-Crusader warfare will be compromised, and we don't consider the theft itself to be impossible.

What they didn't realize was that it was human remains that had been stolen.

"Why on earth would you want to......?"

It didn't make sense to Ellen.

"We don't know. But many of the cemeteries were destroyed, and all the remains in them are gone."

It's not like Elion Bolton can't understand it either.

"It was only natural that Archbishop Rowen would want to investigate this. But I didn't think it would involve capturing and torturing heretics."

Elion Bolton stared down at the table.

"I've been looking into it since I got back to the ecliptic, and I'm still cautious about acting on it, in case it's an internal disgruntled faction, in case there's something I don't know about."

How someone snuck into the cemetery of the saints and stole their remains.

We don't know why, we don't know how, and we don't know who.

And it's clear that the Crusader Commander can't trust those left in the Eclipse to even begin to work on the case.

"What the hell does that have to do with people in refugee camps?"

"You can't help but think that the job of an inquisitor is to capture, torture, and kill innocent people, but they are actually the most likely people in the world to see the curse rituals of pagans manifest in power."

"......."

They have seen enough of the demonic works of the pagans, and have seen the unholy miracles they perform.

So it's a bit of an occupational disease to think that pagans are to blame for these problems.

"It is by no means impossible that the curses and prayers of pagans might have desecrated the tombs of the saints."

Even the crusader leader can't say that the pagan rituals in the refugee camps were never the cause.

In fact, there is a huge refugee population in the ecliptic, many of whom are either martialists or believe in some variation of martialism.

It is impossible to say that it is not possible that some of their unclean rituals or prayers could have burned uncleanness into the mausoleums of the saints.

"Is that possible, really?"

To Ellen's question, Elion Bolton neither nodded nor shook his head.

"It could be a possibility."

The Crusader leader doesn't know what Rowen has been up to.

But we do know that Rowen was looking into the grave robbing, given what happened with the Crusaders.

Then you end up with a weirder problem.

"Why in the world would Ludwig go to......?

Ellen wondered if Rowen had approached Ludwig to get to her.

But if Rowen was investigating a grave robbery, what the hell does Ludwig have to do with it?

If the approach to Ludwig was for a different purpose than the grave robbery, it could be.

But is that really the case?

And another problem.

"Did Rowen have any idea why the Gate debacle happened....... Did he know?"

In hindsight, when I think back on what he said to Ludwig, Rowen seemed to know why the gate incident happened.

At Ellen's question, Elayon Bolton stares at her.

"That day, do you remember?"

Naturally, Ellen doesn't know what day it is.

The day the sky opened up and meteors rained down.

I'm talking about the day this whole nightmare started.

"Do you remember the people who were there?"

"......a."

There were a lot of people there.

The place where you ask the devil, one last time, what you've done and what you want.

There, the devil said.

I loved humans, and I wanted to save them.

But you guys didn't believe me, and it was too late, so I told you about what was going to happen.

The people who gathered to interrogate the demon that day.

Emperors and princes.

Ellen and Saviolin Tana, the Crusader Knights, and the Popes of the Five Great Houses.

And those who gathered to prepare for the what-ifs.

Imperial Mages.

Chanapelle.

Senior paladins of the Crusader Order.

"Archbishop Rowen was there, too."

Rowen was the one who had been there when the demon made his last excuse.

Give up everything, give up everything.

I said I loved you, I wanted peace, but you didn't believe me.

He had seen the devil in front of him, looking miserable, giving up on everything, confessing in despair to the car about what was to come.

Archbishop Rowen, the leader of the inquisitors, saw such a champion of Tuan and a despairing apostle of Tuan before his eyes.

He was a priest of Tuan.



* * *



On the day the heavens opened, there were many people in the great hall. There were mages from the imperial court, knights from Shanapelle, and high ranking paladins from the Crusade.

While many of them had already fallen into disfavor after the events of the Gate, others had survived. Rowen was one of them.

We don't know much about the demons, but we do know that they saw the Gate coming, and they saw it coming, and they saw how to stop it.

They're all holding back truths that shouldn't be revealed, but they're all human.

You can't help but suffer and wonder why this had to happen and what the hell went wrong.

Ellen could only stare in disbelief as she was told that the murdered Rowen had been one of those present that day.

At that moment, Ellen was in close proximity to the demon.

Rowen would have watched the scene from afar, one of the paladins guarding the perimeter in case of a possible attack.

She could hear the demon's confession.

Many people believe that the Gate was an act of the Devil to exterminate humans.

People hate Tuan for choosing such a demon.

Hate the priests who believe in such tuan.

I hate the followers of such priests.

And the warrior religion is on the rise.

How unfortunate, sad, and hateful it was to hear words of hate and anger spewed by people who didn't know the truth.

Ellen realizes that Rowen's hatred and dislike of her was perfectly natural.

But whatever Rowen wanted, whatever he investigated, he died.

We don't even know who died.

I don't even know why I approached Ludwig.

Louise said to Ellen.

Your work is humanity's work.

So, is all of humanity's work the work of a warrior?

Ellen eventually realized that beyond being suspicious of Rowen, she was also responsible for what happened to Rowen.

"You don't know who that person was killed by....... by whom he was killed?"

"......Yes."

The Crusader leader has only a vague idea of what Rowen was investigating. What she was really trying to do. He doesn't know who killed him.

You can't believe everything Elion Bolton said. It's entirely possible that Elion Bolton didn't tell the whole truth.

"Is it safe to assume that Rowen was killed while investigating a grave robbery?"

"Probably."

The Tomb of the Saints, in the basement of the Great Hall of the Crusader Knights, has been robbed.

Rowen was investigating the case and was killed for it.

That was the only conclusion I could come to.



* * *



Elion Bolton's claim that Rowen didn't know what he was doing is not entirely without credibility. However, that doesn't mean that everything Elion Bolton says is true.

No champion would want an outsider, Ellen, meddling too much in what was an internal affair in the first place, so it's no wonder they're hiding things.

The paladins were more concerned with covering up what the temple was doing than destroying the evidence because they were too scared to get to the scene. That's why the bodies in the temple's basement were left untouched.

The paladins were in a hurry.

Once the site itself was covered up, they would take their time dealing with the interrogation facilities for the inquisitors.

It was the Crusaders' business, of course, and the Empire had no reason to interfere.

If it weren't for Ellen's sudden intervention on the scene, the story would have ended with a publicized mob attack on the temple and a looting arson.

The scene was covered up by paladins under the direction of Elayon Bolton.

However, Elyon Bolton claimed that Rowen was not instructed to interrogate the pagans, and the claim itself is not without credibility, regardless of its veracity.

We won't know what's going on in the ecliptic until Elion Bolton returns, as he's obviously spending his time trying to figure things out.

Ellen ponders.

Does Elion Bolton know that Rowen intentionally approached Ludwig?

From the looks of things, Elion Bolton was focused on covering up the scene.

It was clear that he hadn't checked the contents of the papers inside the temple, or even realized that Ludwig had been intentionally approached by Rowen.

I would have covered it up and tried to figure it out as part of my apprenticeship.

And the document with Ludwig's face on it is now in Ellen's possession.

After debating whether or not to tell her, Ellen made a decision.

I still don't trust Elion Bolton.

He won't trust Ellen either, so it's a mutual distrust.

"You don't mind if I figure it out on my own, do you?"

If he tells her to stay out of it, she'll be suspicious.

Ellen does not explicitly have any public power, such as investigative powers.

However, because it is unspecified, Ellen can interfere with anything in the world.

Ellen's ability to meddle in the affairs of the Crusaders where even the Emperor cannot is proof of that.

In some ways, it is Ellen who has the most transcendent power. She doesn't know what Elion Bolton is thinking.

It's just that he knows he can't resist.

"I will cooperate fully, but only within the authority of the Crusader Knights."

Within the authority of the Crusader Commander.

Ellen understood enough to know what he meant.



* * *



After her meeting with the crusader leader, Ellen returned to where her group was waiting.

Ellen was assured of the Crusader's full cooperation. However, the Crusader made no mention of the princess of the House of Schwarz.

It's unclear whether this means that she should do her own thing, or that it's okay for Louise to have a foot in the door.

However, the crusader leader must solve a case of grave robbing.

It wouldn't hurt for Ellen to handle this in her own way, just as Rowen handled the case in his own way.

Elion Boulton was ambiguous about whether he really didn't know, or whether he knew but wasn't saying.

But the idea that he could not possibly be ignorant of the zodiacal situation was not without merit.

Ellen didn't bother to mention that Rowen was one of the people who knew the truth about the Gate situation.

I feel guilty, but the truth that must be hidden must be hidden.

Just as Elayon Bolton had paved the way down to the basement of the Inquisitor's temple with rubble. Ellen was bound to do something similar.

"The cemetery was robbed, and it's the remains that are missing?"

"Yes."

"Why on earth would you want to......?"

"I don't know."

The three were understandably surprised to hear about what Rowen was supposedly investigating.

If the treasure is missing, it's probably for a bath, but if the remains are missing, it's more likely that they were involved in something nefarious.

As an inquisitor, it would have made sense for Rowen to investigate the evil ones, the pagans.

In the refugee camps, those who appeared to be heretics were captured, tortured, and killed to determine if they had any connection to the Crusaders' grave robbing.

Whether it was justified or not, she did her job.

Disappeared remains.

Why did they steal the remains of the saints and where did they go?

Louise narrowed her brow in thought.

"Interrogating and killing infidels seems to have been the only conclusion the priest could come to......."

"Then we found the alleged culprits, and the best we can hope for is that he was killed by them......."

"But are there enough pagan forces in the refugee camp to do something like that?"

It's impossible to say that it can never happen.

But there's one piece of the puzzle that doesn't fit together: if Rowen eventually crossed paths with some powerful cult in the refugee camp and was slaughtered by them and their inquisitors.

All eyes naturally turn to Ludwig.

"Then why on earth would I want to......."

Ludwig was also confused because he couldn't figure out why Rowen had approached him.

"One thing's for sure, he didn't need a bodyguard, and I'm pretty sure he made a deliberate approach to you."

Rowen must have been more skilled than Ludwig. It's clear that he came to Ludwig's guard on purpose, even if it was only under the guise of needing protection.

But Ellen was beginning to wonder if these were two separate incidents.

Rowen was investigating the whereabouts of the missing remains.

He wanted to reach Ludwig so that he could reach Ellen in order to eradicate the Mercenary Order.

He's a guy who's supposed to hate infidels, so he could have been working on two completely different things.

Once Ellen realized the premise that Rowen was someone who had some knowledge of the truth about the gate, she came to a different conclusion than everyone else in the room.

Ludwig's involvement is separate from the paganism and theft of human remains.

The theft of the ashes is a matter of immediate concern to Rowen, and he has no choice but to investigate.

Approaching Ellen through Ludwig would be a completely different endeavor for Rowen, who has been in the game for quite some time.

Given the circumstances, Ellen was convinced that Rowen had no choice but to hate her.

But in the end, no matter what Rowen tried to do, the problem comes back to square one.

Who killed Rowen?

"Is there a refugee camp in....... with a cultist force of that size, could they possibly have the strength to storm the Inquisitor's temple?"

At Ellen's question, Louise was silent. As if she couldn't think of anything.

Heinrich von Schwarz, who had been thinking about it, but had been silent because he couldn't think of anything to say, spoke up.

"I wonder if Demon religion is....... maybe?"

"......magic?"

Real heresy, not paganism.

"Yeah, there's a lot of paganism in the refugee camps, there's no way there's not some kind of necromancer."

In reality, Demonists use true demonic power, unlike their half-hearted warrior counterparts.

In practice, the dangerous heresies have always been the magicians.

"Yeah....... I hadn't thought about that one."

Louise nodded slowly.

While the theft of the ashes was not the work of Satanists in the refugee camps, in the grand scheme of things, Heinrich's reasoning was true.





Episode 593.





Ellen was granted access to the case with the Crusader Chief's order to fully cooperate.

And while not officially part of the investigation, Louise von Schwarz was also working on the case as Ellen's assistant.

Heinrich then formed the opinion that Satanists might be involved in the case.

Unlike the Warrior Cultists, the Demon Cultists use the divine power of demons, and some of them are dangerous. So if there really was a demonic force, they could have robbed the underground of the Crusaders' Great Hall, and they could have killed Rowen, who was after them.

Ludwig says with a stern look.

"I heard from Rowen....... because the warrior cults are not considered heretics....... There are real cults that masquerade as warrior cults."

"...... should be good enough."

Louise nodded at Ludwig's words.

Mercenary religions have no roots and are not a cohesive force, so their beliefs often have different contexts.

It's also possible that they're spreading their beliefs disguised as warrior religions to the refugee camps.

And unlike the warrior religions, the Demon Gods are a collective force.

"If it were possible, a demonic religion masquerading as a warrior religion could have nearly ruled the refugee camps."

It's entirely possible that they're not just a creeping force, but that they're already the dominant religious force in the entire refugee camp, albeit in the guise of a warrior religion.

"Then again....... that a man named Rowen may have been fighting a monster of unimaginable size......."

If it's true that the refugee camps have been infested with demonic beliefs masquerading as warrior religions, then Rowen has been wandering the streets of the camps in an attempt to uncover the true nature of the great demonic cults.

If he was indeed capturing and interrogating Satanists and not innocent refugees, Rowen may have been seeking his own brand of justice after all.

The people Rowen captured, tortured, and killed were either Satanists or innocents.

It was getting to the point where I couldn't tell if what Rowen was doing was good or bad.

In the end, we don't know what Rowen's true intentions were, or who killed him, so we're left with a lot of possibilities, but nothing is certain.

Ellen drums her fingers on the table, which is littered with speculation.

"First, I think we should go to the cemetery of the saints."

Incident scene.

I'd better go there, Ellen concluded.



* * *



The theft of the remains from the Cemetery of the Saints was not the trigger for all of this.

Rowen was a heresy inquisitor for the Eclipse, and he'd been at it a long time.

She must have had her own goals.

We don't know if it's a matter of identifying and eradicating demonic religions, or uprooting them entirely.

There have been extreme incidents since Gate.

Just because a bomb goes off doesn't mean it's the cause of everything.

In a world where gunpowder is everywhere, it's only a matter of time before there's a big explosion.

The problem is gunpowder.

With so many problems in the world, it's only a matter of time before the Demon Gods take over, the Warrior Gods overtake the Great Gods, and hunger and plague become a problem.

Gates are the cause of everything, and accidents are everywhere.

The theft of the saints' graves, the theft of their relics, were just a bunch of problems that met a trigger and exploded.

That's what Ellen was thinking.

The Knights Templar is also investigating the incident.

"I don't think Rowen shared the investigation with the Crusaders. Either that, or the leader lied."

Rowen would have launched an investigation immediately after the incident.

He returned to the Crusaders with a group of high-ranking paladins, but they dismissed him as knowing nothing about Rowen's investigation.

With no way of knowing if the crusader leader was cooperating, Ellen had no way of getting to the truth of the matter except to see, hear, and judge with her own eyes.

The Crusader leader can lie to Ellen or withhold information from her, but he can't block her path.

Ellen communicated her need to see the scene, and soon enough, Elayon Bolton assigned her a high-ranking paladin to serve as her escort.

"Greetings, warrior. It is an honor to meet you. Let me show you around."

"Yes, thank you."

Ellen didn't have much faith in him, as the leader would be no different than the master.

Ellen leads the group to the basement of the Crusader High Hall.

There are many facilities underground at the Great Hall, but the Cemetery of the Saints is the deepest.

The paladins blocking the way had been instructed to do so, and when they saw Ellen, they moved out of the way.

Louise agrees to help Ellen and Ludwig, but holds back.

It's up to Ellen to take matters into her own hands.

"Can you give us a brief overview of the case?"

"The incident happened on December 3, so about 17 days ago."

An incident that occurred 17 days ago.

The Crusader Templar could not return immediately, so he would have to wait until long after the event to return to the Imperium.

So it's understandable that we didn't know what the status of the investigation was or how it was progressing.

The content was clear and simple.

In the early morning hours of December 3, an administrative priest in charge of the tomb of the saints entered the tomb of the saints and, upon seeing the destruction, immediately reported to the priest on duty.

When the on-call priests and paladins arrived and checked the scene, they found that many of the sarcophagi had been destroyed and the remains missing.

"What was the security situation?"

"The Tomb of the Saints was originally....... However, due to its location, descending to the Tomb of the Saints will inevitably draw the attention of paladins and priests, though......."

"Did anyone see the culprit?"

"Yes."

"What about locks?"

"The entrance to the tombs of the saints is locked in peacetime. The only people with keys are the priests in charge of administration. However, when we interrogated the priests in charge of administration, it turned out that they were keeping the keys in their private rooms."

"You mean ...... could have been stolen?"

"Someone may have been using it on the sly."

There are thieves who steal from graves that have nothing to steal.

Inevitably, the priests in charge of the tomb would be severely punished.

And the suspicion that you might be a suspect.

"According to the priest who discovered the scene, the tomb was locked as usual."

"You mean the burglar got away with kicking in the door?"

"......We don't know that."

That's ridiculous.

During the descent into the catacombs, the perpetrators were never seen, and the doors were locked.

While we can't completely rule out the possibility of key mismanagement or insiders, there are two most likely explanations.

You may have entered the catacombs by teleporting.

"It's possible that a high-level wizard was involved."

It's likely that a mage with access to teleport, or better yet, mass teleport, was involved.

"The Knights are looking at that possibility as well, and you'll see when you get there."

When they reached the Cemetery of the Saints, the paladin in charge of the group inserted a large key into the massive entrance and unlocked it.

-Greg

A paladin single-handedly opens a door that no ordinary man can properly open. It was a giant door that a normal person would have trouble pushing or pulling.

Soon the door opened, and Ellen could see the scene preserved exactly as it had been on the day of the incident.

A giant underground cavity.

And there were sarcophagi embedded in the walls, as well as sarcophagi buried in the floor.

Some sarcophagi were intact, but many were shattered.

And the debris on the floor.

"That's not theft, that's vandalism."

"Yes....... Yes."

"How can there be this level of disturbance and not be heard from above?"

"It must have been heard, but none of the priests upstairs heard it."

Noise suppression.

And spatial movement.

Louise says as she stares at the scene.

"That's noise canceling."

I was convinced that the wizard was inevitably involved.



* * *



"Can I come in and take a look?"

"Yes, anytime."

Ellen walked slowly into the catacombs.

The Crusaders don't keep Ellen well informed, but they don't stop her either.

Beyond that, only the people in the room will be able to figure it out and make judgments.

Cemetery of Saints.

Ellen didn't know about these places, and she didn't need to.

Ludwig, Heinrich, and Louise followed Ellen into the catacombs.

We don't know for sure if the temple raiders and the ashes thieves are the same.

However, it's clear that there were superhumans among those who raided the temple, and mages among those who stole the remains.

Everyone had a hunch that whatever type of group the perpetrators were, they weren't normal people.

There were sarcophagi buried in the ground, and sarcophagi embedded in the walls as if they were housed.

Like a cabinet, for example.

We don't know if the thief was alone or in a group, but the sarcophagus was mostly broken.

No matter how much noise canceling you've done to suppress it, it's just too harsh. It's literally destructive.

"There's a lot of ways to do it gently, like steal the ashes and put the coffin back.

Had they done so, the Crusaders would have been unaware for a very long time that the remains had been stolen.

One thing is clear: the thieves acted as if they didn't care if they were caught or not.

"They were confident that they wouldn't get caught doing this.

Maybe it's a dig at the Crusaders, maybe it's confidence that they won't get caught. Or both, we don't know.

We've all been there, done that, but there are still things we don't know.

Why I took it.

Why would they steal the remains? Leaving them defaced would have shown their anger at the Crusaders or their anger at the High Priestess.

'Fury......?

Rage against the Five Great Houses.

And that anger is most pronounced against two of the five major denominations.

Tuan and Als.

And while many of the sarcophagi were destroyed, others were intact.

Some bodies were taken, some were not.

"Did they only take the remains of the saints who believed in Tuan and Als in life?

Ellen reads the bio from a fragment of a destroyed sarcophagus.

"No.

I scanned the names just in case, but there were paladins from Riter, Mensis, and Shalam, as well as the remains of paladins who believed in Tuan and Als in life.

"There's no distinction.

This could be an act of rage, or it could be a faction that hates all of the Five Great Houses.

As she scrolled through the names, she couldn't help but notice one she recognized.

"This is......."

Ellen couldn't help but roll her eyes.

Reinhard, who was murdered by Leverier Ranze.

Ellen had to bite her lip when she saw the name.

At the time of the Miss Temple contest, Reinhardt did not show up.

It was then that Reinhardt fought Leviathan to save Olivia Ranze.

At the sudden recollection, Ellen felt an excruciating headache engulf her.

"Ugh......!"

"Ellen!"

Suddenly, Ellen faltered, holding her head in her hands, and Heinrich and Ludwig, who had been looking around, and Ellen, as well as the paladin who had been watching, rushed to her aid.

"Ugh......!"

It felt like a thousand needles piercing my head.

"What's going on, are you okay?"

"Warrior! Are you all right!"

"Go, what's wrong with you all of a sudden......!"

"Are you okay? Wake up!"

With the voices echoing around her and the pressure threatening to overwhelm her, Ellen squeezes her eyes shut and tries to catch her breath.

The sudden onslaught of names and memories made Ellen feel like an awl was being dug into her brain.

The hatred and anger of others, unknown in origin, threatens to consume you.

The presence of "it" in her soul, threatening to consume her at any moment, weighs on Ellen's psyche.

A tidal wave of souls that had been dormant because your mind was elsewhere.

Today I was confronted with so many things I've been trying to forget, including the demons and the gate situation.

And so the torrent of souls that had barely been quenched threatens to overwhelm Ellen.

"Hey, it's okay....... I'm fine....... I just got a little dizzy......."

It was by no means what you'd describe as vertigo, but Ellen had to hold her head steady and catch her breath.

Not yet.

Not yet.

We can hold on for now.

Not yet.

You can be calm.

I can't hand over my body, mind, and spirit yet.

You need to think about something else.

Just thinking about the devil and thinking about Reinhardt felt like my soul was being torn apart.

Ellen clutches the bone idol around her neck.

Holding on to the signpost of the heart that the Detomorian had carved out.

Returns.

Forget about it.

You'd rather forget about it so it doesn't get taken away from you.

Focus on the incident.

Levereer Ranze had his remains stolen.

I must see an end to this bizarre murder and carnage.

You need to know where all this is going.

In the midst of those thoughts.

Ellen thinks of something else.

No murders, no demons, no gates, no stolen remains.

The one word that will make you forget everything that's cluttering your mind.

Go back.

Go back to the template.

You need to feed the cat.

Like a lie.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

The pain that felt like it was ravaging my head and soul stopped.

"......."

Ellen stood still for a moment, wondering why the pain had stopped for this reason.



* * *



"Maybe there's some kind of unclean energy in this place, and it's affecting you......."

"No, no. That's not it, I just do that sometimes."

To everyone's concern, Ellen assured them that it wasn't.

An investigation is an investigation, but the most important thing is Ellen's life. Even a paladin would be white with panic.

Ellen needs to put herself first, and that's what everyone else thinks.

"There's nothing urgent, so I think you should go back and rest."

That's why Louise suggested that we call it a day and go back to the template to organize our thoughts.

Ellen wanders through the catacombs.

The sarcophagi were destroyed, and the snow gave us some clues about the thieves.

Although we still don't know why it was stolen.

And Ellen's heart skipped a beat.

Fear that the spirits that have been lying dormant lately might swallow you whole.

"Okay, I don't think there's anything more I can find out here, so I'll send it to......."

That's why Ellen agreed with Ruiz. We don't know where these clues will lead, but they've been checked.

"Hey, by the way......."

But Ludwig was hesitant to leave, as if he had a question.

"Did you notice anything unusual?"

At Louise's question, Ludwig shook his head with an ambiguous expression.

"What? Ah....... I had a question for you......."

"What is it?"

Everyone follows Ludwig when he says he has a question.

Ludwig heads toward the wall of the catacombs.

Where the broken sarcophagi are.

"You mean this coffin....... How did they break it?"

"......?"

"How?"

"......?"

Ludwig's question left the other three puzzled.

Just as Ellen did, and just as the paladins did.

Everyone was focused on the destruction itself. I wondered why I'd bothered to trash this catacomb when I could have stolen it quietly and gone undetected.

I focused on the "why" I broke it, not the "how" and there was no reason to.

What's the point?

"Why is that all of a sudden?"

At Heinrich's question, Ludwig looks at the shattered sarcophagus.

The inside of the shattered sarcophagus looked like a gaping hole.

Ludwig looks at the blank wall and says, "I'm sorry.

"I thought you said you didn't clean up the scene."

"Yeah, I said yes."

Ludwig peers into the hole and raises his left fist.

"You know, like a fist or something....... If you smashed it with something like that and took it out like this....... Shouldn't there be a piece of stone inside?"

Ludwig's questions prompt Ellen to look inside the sarcophagus.

It's not like breaking rocks for beginners.

I took a deliberately abrasive approach, and I didn't have to worry about noise because of noise canceling.

You punch the sarcophagus with your fist, shattering it. The force is applied from the outside in.

If so, stone dust or debris would have gotten inside the coffin.

The sarcophagus wasn't completely devoid of stone dust, debris, and stones, but it was certainly unusual.

There are too few traces of it.

The same was true for the other sarcophagus.

But there are too many fragments of sarcophagi on the ground, and they are far apart.

Ludwig looks at the other sarcophagus.

"This is something....... from the inside out, don't you think?"

"!"

"Such......!"

Louise and Ellen couldn't help but notice something.

Certainly the debris strewn about the scene speaks for itself.

The force was applied from the inside out.

"How can you break it like that......?"

"Bodies."

"Huh?"

Ellen answers Ludwig's question.

"I brought it back to life."

Ellen says, eyes wide.

"The bodies of the saints....... to the undead......."

The body reanimated itself and broke the sarcophagus to escape.

There was no reason to think about why I'd smashed it like that.

Given how I broke it, it was easy to see what was going on here.

They are not others, but the bodies of saints honored by the Crusader Knights.

Someone reanimated them as the undead, and they disappeared.

The ashes were not stolen, they were resurrected.

At that shocking conclusion, Ellen, Ludwig, who had hinted at it, Louise and Heinrich could only stand by and watch.





Episode 594.





It is very possible that the remains in the cemetery of the saints were not stolen, but rather disappeared after someone raised them as the undead.

Thanks to Ludwig's intuition, Ellen realized something very important, so she asked the paladin who was acting as her guide.

"Did the Crusaders know?"

"......."

"You knew that."

Silence is the answer.

But keeping it a secret didn't stop me from lying about it.

It would be an insult and a fatal stain on the saints of the Order of the Five Great Houses for those who had been elevated to sainthood to become undead.

You wouldn't want anyone to know about it. Even if it was a warrior.

"We don't know for sure, it's just a guess."

"I suppose so."

Elion Bolton would not have wanted Ellen to know this. Ellen was about to stop there, but Ludwig's unexpected resourcefulness brought her to the truth.

The Crusaders knew.

But we didn't want it to be publicized, so we kept it a secret.

Elion Bolton can't stop Ellen, but that's probably why he hid the truth from her.

"Is there anything else you're hiding?"

"None."

But Ellen couldn't believe her ears.

"Let's go."

There's nothing else you need to know in the field.



* * *



After leaving the Great Hall of the Crusaders, the four of them walk through the still snowy streets.

"For now, let's go back to the temple and take our time. The Crusaders have no intention of helping us properly."

"I might be interrupting. I'm sorry."

I don't know about Ellen alone, but there's Louise von Schwarz.

Not only the warriors, but also Cernstadt's successor, had learned the truth about a very serious, and possibly fatal, problem in the Crusader Order.

No wonder Elion Bolton was so uncooperative with Ellen.

"No, you've been helpful enough, and whoever it is won't be able to touch Ludwig that easily."

It's clear that Ludwig's safety is politically secured. Louise can't help him directly, but her presence helps.

Ellen summarizes the situation.

"The Crusaders knew from the start that they were a group of mages, not just thieves, and I'm sure Rowen knew that as well."

"The Crusader leader said that Rowen, who investigated the incident, didn't share his findings with him after he returned, so he doesn't know what Rowen was doing, but I'm not sure that's true."

"It's not impossible that what he says is true. The five Popes are responsible for the management of the Five Great Houses of the Eclipse and the Templars, and if it's a direct order from the Pope, Rowen doesn't seem to have to report to the Templar."

"Anyway, Rowen would have known about the connection between the undead and wizards, so it makes sense that he would have investigated the case, focusing on paganism."

"The best we can tell is that Rowen was pursuing a case and offended some of the people involved in it, and that's why he was killed."

"I'm not sure if they're really Satanists."

"And why on earth did you approach Ludwig....... I don't know. I don't think it has anything to do with this case. I think he was targeting me, and I think his intentions have nothing to do with this case. I think so."

There's a lot of truth to be found.

But in the end, I couldn't get to the heart of the matter.

We have some idea of why Rowen was killed.

We're not even sure who killed it, but the candidates are narrowing down.

But where the hell are they.

The simpler the event, the harder it is to get to the truth, and the more complex the event, the easier it is to get to the truth.

But you end up with a bunch of clues, and you don't know where they each point.

Unable to distinguish between meaningful and meaningless clues, I was left with no conclusions because I had to consider everything.

"If it's some kind of satanic thing......."

Ludwig says cautiously.

"I was able to resurrect the ashes, kill the priest......."

Ludwig looks at Ellen hesitantly.

"What did the devil do....... maybe......?"

"......."

Ellen's eyes widened at the question, as did Louise's and Heinrich's.

Louise had heard Heinrich say today that the Devil might not be so evil after all, and that there might be a truth to the Gate that the world hadn't known.

Fetishism and demons are inseparable.

Either the cultists were acting at the behest of the devil, or the devil himself infiltrated the saints' graveyards, reanimated their remains as the undead, and then disappeared.

Ellen feels the headache coming on again, like her head is going to crack.

There's no way Reinhard would do this, Ellen thinks, gritting her teeth and trying to endure the pain.

"Unlikely."

"Is that......?"

It was Louise, not Ellen, who shook her head at Ludwig's doubts.

"We all don't know where the devil is, do we?"

"Yes......."

"Let's say the Devil did this, can we use that knowledge to find him and punish him?"

At Louise's words, Ludwig nods dumbfounded.

"That's right......."

"What reason does the devil have to kill that priest, when no one knows where he is, whether it turns out he did it or not?"

"ah......."

"So there's no reason to take the risk and have a demon raid the temple and kill all the people there."

If it's the devil who raised the remains of the catacombs.

And if Rowen was killed in the pursuit of that case.

The logical conclusion is that it was the Devil who killed Rowen.

However, there must be a reason for the demon to kill Rowen.

There is no reason why the Devil should have to find and kill the Inquisitor named Rowen who is after him.

The same is true for infamy.

The fact that the Demon has reanimated the remains of the saints of the Crusader Catacombs as undead does not hurt him, even if the world knows about it.

If you're going to be treated like you caused the gate incident, you might as well spread the word that you just brought back a corpse.

The demon killing Rowen is unlikely because it would have no reason or meaning.

The result is incorrect reasoning.

The demon has no reason to kill Rowen. So he wouldn't have killed her.

Rowen's killers are a faction of Crusader Catacombs grave robbers.

This completes the false inference that the Devil would not have been involved in the grave robbing of the saints.

"That's right, the Demon King is....... There's nothing to be gained by killing Rowen, only the risk of infiltrating the ecliptic and doing something like that."

Ellen, barely speaking through her headache, was thinking the same thing as Ruiz.

I don't think so, because I believe in Reinhardt.

Really, when you think about it, there is no reason why Reinhardt should kill Rowen.

The crime scene was ostentatious.

If you're going to grab it, grab it.

If that had been the only thing that happened, I would have assumed it was the work of the devil.

However, the murder of Rowen, who had been following the case, made it much less likely that the demon was responsible.

It was clear that Louise and Ellen's conclusion was the most logical one.

However, the world is far from rational.

So the probability of a rational judgment being wrong was always, always, always high.



* * *



Ellen said. If it's a simple case, there's nothing she can figure out.

That there might be something complicated, weird, and hidden that you can only figure out by doing it.

But the incident was hiding too many roots, and they weren't all there.

The priest doing the cleansing was the head of the inquisitors.

The Inquisitor was investigating the whereabouts and culprit of the stolen bones, and was capturing and torturing heretics.

And it's quite possible that the remains were not actually stolen, but rather resurrected through undeadization.

At the end of the day, you can't fix everything overnight.

Although the Devil's name was mentioned, Louise and Ellen decided that it was highly unlikely that the Devil was involved in this case, and Ludwig, who had raised questions, had no choice but to agree.

Return to the temple and make your way back to the Royal Class dormitory.

Ludwig's expression remained stony.

Regardless of who's involved and what the truth of the matter is, it doesn't change the fact that Ludwig has been deceived by Rowen all this time.

He didn't know what he was doing, and he didn't even suspect that he was being approached with any intentions.

I was terrified that the guards were killing civilians with impunity.

So when Rowen showed up, I jumped for joy.

We did it because we thought it was something that everyone needed, and we didn't think twice about it.

And when Rowen asked if he could be my bodyguard tomorrow and every day thereafter.

Ludwig felt like he had been saved.

But Rowen was an inquisitor, a man whose misdeeds were nothing compared to those of the guards.

There is no telling how many people have been tortured and killed at the hands of Rowen.

Ludwig didn't know that.

Even though Rowen's odd behavior suggested that she was not a normal person.

But he's doing what people need, so he must be a good guy.

That's what I vaguely thought.

Technically, I wanted to believe that Rowen was a good person, so I did.

Ludwig was a fool.

Rowen knew Ludwig before she met him, and ultimately Rowen was killed before she could accomplish what she wanted through Ludwig.

But if Rowen hadn't been murdered, she would have gotten what she wanted through Ludwig.

Whether that's killing Ellen to get rid of the Mercenary Order, or something else.

What if Rowen approached Ludwig with the intent to kill Ellen?

It's probably a good thing Rowen was killed.

Return to the temple.

Ludwig hated his weakness.

Disillusionment with yourself.

Hate.

Anger.

I thought I was getting there, until I met Rowen.

But I didn't recognize any of Rowen's names, and now I'm being pranked.

The comfort and security he finds in Rowen plunges Ludwig into a deeper hole.

Even though nothing had actually happened to her, Ellen and Louise had already sensed something was wrong with Rowen, even without knowing it. Even when he was killed, they sensed that he was no ordinary priest.

Ludwig only saw Lowen as a victim of injustice.

It was stupid, just stupid.

"......."

Now Ludwig could only hate his own foolishness.

Ellen, walking ahead, says.

"We have to assume that there are wizards among the cultists in the refugee camp, but it's also possible that warlocks are involved, not cultists. Or maybe that's more likely."

A lot depends on who the alleged culprit is.

For now, the devil is off the dragon's board.

Demonic forces that might be in the refugee camp.

Or wizards, including warlocks.

If the culprit is a cult, you should investigate the spread of the cult in the refugee camp.

We won't torture and kill civilians, but there are limits to our investigations.

Torture, aside from its brutality, is an excellent way to get information. Torture makes you vomit up information you don't even have.

If warlocks are involved, we'll need to know what the evidence is.

"I wonder if we can get this done before winter is over......."

Ellen looks up at the sky and sighs deeply.

What if a vast refugee camp was infiltrated by a demonic religion, and it wore the mantle of a warrior religion?

"Even if they weren't actually involved in this, it still doesn't change the fact that if they're wearing the hides of the warrior religions, and they're taking root in the refugee camps, they need to be taken out."

"......Yes."

The problem is.

Whether or not they are actually involved, the Demon Gods are a force that should not exist in the ecliptic.

Even if they have nothing to do with Rowen's work, finding them is something that must be done.

Rowen had told Ludwig that it was an appositive.

While working on a disease cleanup, he notices something suspicious going on in the refugee camp and takes action.

Rowen didn't fake the cleanup.

In fact, as they cleaned up the plague, they interrogated, tortured, and killed pagans when they found them.

Modalities.

He'd be helping people, and he'd be thinking about eradicating all of them if he could find them.

While saving people.

The Hypocrites were preparing for a massacre.

Rowen had already revealed himself to be an inquisitor, but Ludwig didn't realize it.

"That's a whole other issue, but I have something to think about."

Ellen says, this time looking at Louise.

It was Louise, not Heinrich or Ludwig.

"What is it?"

"The crusader leader has been hinting at it, and I don't think he's mistaken."

"Hint?"

"I was overly careful with my words, of course, because it's in front of me, because it's a case, because it's a case, because the Commander is here, but......."

Ellen says.

"He said that if there was something the popes were trying to hide from him, he couldn't know anything about it."

"......."

Louise was silent at Ellen's words.

It's not that I didn't have anything to say, I was just trying to figure out what to say.

Elion Bolton deliberately withheld information from Ellen, but eventually allowed her to see the scene with her own eyes. This was partly because he couldn't stop her.

"When nations come together, empires are formed and emperors are created, but in the Crusader Order, which was created by the five main orders, he said he was not an emperor."

Not every emperor in history was more powerful than every imperial vassal or king.

However, the Emperor of the Gradias Empire was indeed the supreme power of the continent, ruling over all of humanity's lands and wielding more power than any king in the empire.

However, the leader of the Crusader Knights, the Grand Master of the Crusader Knights, is, after all, only the Grand Master of the Knights, not the King or anything else.

"A man like Elion Bolton is not a great man to say such things because he wants power over the popes."

Louise is obviously not close to the current leader of the Crusader Knights, Elayon Bolton, but she knows what she needs to know: he is supported by the Empire not because he is a slave, but because he wants to maintain the status quo.

He doesn't want to make big changes in the first place.

It is unlikely that he spoke to Ellen because he had suddenly developed a lust for power that he had never had before, resented the five cardinal popes, and wanted to outwit them.

"The popes are deliberately hiding something from the head of the Knights Templar, and he is not authorized to find out what it is. That's what he implied to me."

Elion Bolton didn't say anything definitive.

If the popes are hiding something, I'm just saying I don't know about it.

"But this is an internal matter of the Crusaders, and I don't see how it has anything to do with Rowen's work, so I think approaching the popes would require a lot of thought."

While Ellen could interfere with any human power, she didn't want to get too involved in the internal affairs of the Crusader Knights; that's politics, and she knows not to mess with that.

In the end, it's the same perspective as Ludwig's.

People die, are sacrificed, or monsters appear.

It's easy to get your hands dirty with such things.

But when Ellen suddenly shows up at a papal meeting of the Five Patriarchs and tells you that from now on you're going to treat the head of the Crusader Knights as if he's above you, it's hard to know how that's going to end, whether or not that's possible.

It could be for the best, but it could also be for the worst.

"If this were simply a power struggle between the Crusader Grand Master and the Great Patriarch, it would be none of our business."

"I suppose."

"But if the popes were involved in this....... I don't know what to do."

Too dangerous to touch.

Something that may not be relevant to the case, but if it is, you shouldn't know about it.

"What a headache......."

You may know something about the Popes of the Five Great Houses that the Crusader Knights do not.

I'm already meddling in the internal affairs of the Crusaders, and I didn't think I'd be getting into something more complicated.





Episode 595.





You never know where the four of you are going to land.

It's clear that a nasty group of people are involved.

But when you add politics to the mix, it's even worse.

If you're trying to investigate a case involving undeadization and you end up meddling with the Crusaders, things can get complicated in a whole new way.

"By the way. I was wondering about......."

As Ellen and Louise deliberated, Heinrich spoke up with a question.

"What is it?"

"Are the ashes really undead?"

Louise nodded slowly at Heinrich's question.

"Nothing we could see. The paladins didn't seem too sure about that either."

The possibility that the remains are undead, which is also a guess based on the destruction of the coffin, but not technically a confirmation of undead.

It's just that it most likely did.

At Heinrich's question, Ellen, Ludwig, and Louise turn to look at him.

Heinrich began to sweat at the attention.

"I wondered if it was that easy to create an undead......."

"Um......?"

The words made Louise shake her head.

"Isn't it said that those buried in cemeteries are saints?"

"Yes, and the remains of those who accomplished so much in their lifetimes were buried there."

"The grave of a former Crusader Knight Commander was also there."

Louise and Ellen answered. Heinrich listened, his face serious, his lips pursed as if he were choosing his words.

"I don't understand how the ashes become undead in the first place....... I don't quite understand......."

You have become undead.

The reasoning itself is reasonable, but Heinrich was thinking about something more fundamental.

They were the remains of priests and paladins who must have accomplished great things in their lives, and whose divine powers must have been powerful in their lifetimes.

Is it possible for them to become undead and come back to life in the first place?

"Well....... I don't know much about evil arcana or black magic, such as the undead, and I'm sure it's a field unknown even to mages who walk the path of righteousness, so I'm not sure if the divine power the lion had in life would protect their remains after death."

"I don't know."

Not just any undead, but undead made from the remains of saints, if that's possible.

Is it even possible to create that many undead in a short amount of time?

Ellen's mind keeps going back to Tiamata.

Tiamata once manifested in the form of a cursed magic sword, and spawned undead on a massive scale.

'No....... No, not Reinhardt.......'

Ellen was pretty sure Reinhardt wasn't the culprit, given the circumstances.

In the end, Heinrich's question is this.

Whether it makes sense to create undead from the remains of saints in the first place.

"Let's ask."

Surprisingly, the answer came from Ludwig's mouth.

"If not me, at least you know better than we do."

A mage with a talent for the dark arts.

Anna De Guerna.

At that, Ellen and Heinrich nodded.



* * *



There is no guarantee that black magic was used in the theft of the saints' tombs. It's entirely possible that priests of a non-magical religion were involved.

They are two different forces.

However, there may be a point of agreement in that they end up producing similar results.

Ludwig's suggestion to find Anna and ask her questions was worth a try, since it's unlikely that they'd be able to find the demonic priest now.

"He won't be in the dorm, because he comes back every few days and leaves the next day and doesn't come back for another few days."

"Where is he? Let's go ask him."

She figured she'd just have to go to the temple and ask.

"Huh? I don't know about that......."

Naturally, Ludwig didn't know where the three of them were studying magic.

Naturally, Louise and Heinrich's eyes met.

"University of Magic."

Earlier this morning, they were strolling through the temple when they realized that something was going on at the School of Magic.

"I'm not sure, but I think it's probably in there."

Heinrich said, and Louise narrowed her eyes.

"I don't know if they'll let me in......."

Seeing the heavy security, Ruiz seemed nervous.

But now they're with Ellen Artorius, who can see through anything in the world.

So there wasn't really anything I couldn't fit in there.



* * *



Of course, that was an illusion.

"You are not allowed to enter."

Those were the words of the guard who blocked Ellen's path as she entered the grounds of the Temple School of Magic's research wing.

The people behind her weren't trying to get in, and she heard it herself when she tried.

"...... Why?"

"There was an order from His Majesty the Emperor not to allow anyone other than those involved in the research to enter."

When we say don't let anyone in because they're blocking her way, we're including Ellen.

Ellen stays still and looks into the eyes of the guard in the helmet.

What kind of super secret research is he doing that he can't even let himself in?

If it was a Crusader door, Ellen would have gotten through it.

But it was important that it was an order from the 'emperor'.

Emperor Bertus is someone who is in Ellen's circle of friends.

A friend who shares a secret that no one else should know, and who shares the blame for the Gate debacle.

A relationship in which you share the residue of guilt and grief, but can't express it in words other than friendship.

If he's banning you, there's got to be a reason.

Ellen accepts that.

"You don't have to go in there, I just need to know that there's a classmate of mine in that lab named Anna de Guerna who's working on a study, and if you could call her in if you can."

"I can't tell you anything about the research."

Even who is participating in the research is classified. I couldn't imagine what they were doing and why they were so security conscious.

"But I can report to the higher-ups that you're here for this."

Ellen wasn't really curious about what they were doing inside anyway.

I can only assume that they're working on something that could be used to help the war effort, and that's why they're so careful to keep it confidential.

She wasn't going to begrudge it, and she wasn't going to pry.

The research that happens here has nothing to do with what's happening now.

"That's great, can you tell them that?"

"Yes, I see."

Anna might be here, but if she isn't, you'll just have to wait until she returns to the Royal Class Dormitory.

She comes back every few days.



* * *



Told by the guards to stay back because they couldn't report right away, the group eventually returned to the Temple dormitory.

For some reason, the Emperor has ordered that no one else, not even Ellen, is allowed in the College of Magic.

Royal Class sophomore, Class B dorm lobby.

We all sat around and sipped the tea Heinrich had brought and caught our breath.

I've been out in the snow so far, so I'm not physically exhausted, but I'm mentally exhausted.

"Whatever it is, it must be a highly confidential experiment."

"Sure."

At Louise's words, Ellen nodded in agreement.

Everyone in the room was curious about the research going on at the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry, but not much more than that.

It's a preconceived notion.

"In retrospect, it was odd that the Titan project was not classified, and I've heard that the Mages' Guild and the Mages of the Tower have been annoying Archduke Saint-Thuan quite a bit."

"What do you mean, bother?"

At Ellen's question, Louise shrugged.

"Wizards are the kind of people who can't stand the sight of any new magic or technology, and for those of us who have spent our lives in magic, the Titans....... is bound to shock them, isn't it?"

"Definitely......."

"Yes....... I did, apparently."

Heinrich and Ludwig also felt a shiver run down their spines as they imagined the Titan's overwhelming majesty, even when it wasn't in front of them.

At the Battle of Serandia, the Titans were so massive and overwhelming that they could be seen from anywhere on the battlefield.

"I mean, they're being made, and the higher-ups and wizards usually know about it, but to see it with your own eyes is something else. When I saw it, it seemed absurd that magic could do such a thing."

The Titan was a magical weapon of war, but in its presence, everyone could not help but feel as if they had seen an incarnation or manifestation of the gods.

"So it's no wonder that the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, who was the mastermind behind the project, is being hounded by wizards, and....... Archduke."

Adelia in Class A.

The Archduke is the Archduke, and Adelia is a student from the Royal Class.

Heinrich mumbles to himself.

"Adelia must be going through a lot."

"That's just the way it is."

The Titan Project isn't exactly secret, but not all of its technology is, so it's inevitable that the wizards will bother the Archduke and Adelia, whether out of curiosity or because they covet the knowledge.

Wizards swarming around like dogs, asking questions, and Adelia, by nature, not being able to fend them off.

As Heinrich contemplated the scene, he couldn't help but be deeply concerned about Adelia's mental state.

Adelia is a celestial researcher. Hand-to-hand combat is not in her nature and she is not very good at it.

Of course, Adelia didn't fight, but she will always be remembered as the wizard who killed the most monsters in the world because of her creation of the Titan.

Magical research is usually confidential.

In this case, everyone didn't think much of it because of the preconceived notion that it was just another case. Of course, everyone was puzzled by the fact that even Ellen was not allowed to enter the research building.

"When will Anna be back?"

Ludwig's question left everyone unsure.

In the end, the guard wouldn't tell me if Anna was at Hogwarts or not. All he would say was that Ellen had come to see him.

Asking Anna about the black magic of undeadization doesn't give us a straight answer to this situation. You're asking her if it's easy to create undead from the remains of saints.

At the end of the day, it's not like I'm nervous or anything, but it's also not like I'm in a rush to get it done.

We could ask the Five Patriarchs for an interview, but that's too sensitive and we'll have to think about it a bit more.

If you're going to search a refugee camp for satanists, that's a long shot.

Rowen was not acting alone; he probably had numerous inquisitors scattered throughout the refugee camps, synthesizing information.

We don't know if Rowen ever reached the perpetrators.

It's on the heels of the case Rowen was chasing, and there are even fewer people available.

I don't even know if I'll be able to get to the end of this before winter is over.

So there's no point in rushing to do it today.

"Let's call it a day."

So, Ellen suggested that we take a break today to wrap up what we've learned.

"Ludwig, you can ask Anna what we were going to ask her when she gets back and let us know....... No, just call me."

Ellen corrected herself, realizing that it was better to ask the question herself than to leave it to Ludwig.

"Yeah, okay."

Ludwig nodded, his expression grim.

"I don't think we need to move too fast. Even if we don't know who killed Rowen, if they know we're after them, they'll be able to......."

Louise looks at everyone with a stern look on her face.

"We have to keep in mind that there's a chance they're going to try to get their hands on us."

These are the men who killed Rowen.

We don't know if they'll go after the warriors, but we can't say they won't do the same thing to Rowen if they know they're already being tracked.

Neither Heinrich, nor Ludwig, nor Ellen.

I didn't realize it was a significant risk to pursue.

"I think I've gotten myself into trouble......."

I didn't think this was a simple task.

But when he turns to Ellen for help, Ludwig can't help but think that this is a big deal.

The thought of Ellen being in danger because of him sent chills down Ludwig's spine.

Also, I feel like I'm causing irreparable harm.

"No."

Ellen shook her head at Ludwig's self-pity.

"At this point, I don't think I can let this go."

Rather, Ellen adds, it's better for people if whatever is happening can be addressed before it gets out of hand.

I don't say this to console you.

I only said that because I really thought so.





Episode 596.





There's no need to move quickly.

The opponent is a mysterious force that can raid a temple with the leader of the Inquisition and wreak carnage.

It's unclear at this point whether they are a group of mages, a cult, or a third force that is neither.

The important thing is that they don't leave their pursuers alone, and it's very likely that they'll try to touch not only the warrior, but also the princess of the Schwarz family.

At least in that respect, the Temple is safe, if not the Temple of the Inquisitors disguised as the decrepit Temple of Tuan.

You don't want to provoke them by moving too quickly.

So for now, Ellen was going to wait in the Royal Class dormitory, hoping that Anna de Guerna would give her some kind of clue.

You'll also need to think carefully about how you approach internal Crusader matters.

For now, we'll wait and see what happens.

Ludwig lives in a class B dormitory.

Ellen, Louise, and Heinrich were in the A-class dormitory.

It was snowing, and I needed to organize my thoughts.

Heinrich is no superhuman, so he retires to his room to rest after a long day of traveling.

Louise is sitting on the couch in the lobby, collecting her thoughts, when she sees Ellen, freshly washed, walking down the hall with a towel around her neck.

"Is something wrong?"

"ah......."

Ellen looks at Louise and shakes her head.

"Have you seen the cat?"

"Um......? Is it gone?"

Pets have never been Louise's thing, but if it's Ellen's pampered cat, things are serious.

When Louise hesitated, not knowing what to say, Ellen shook her head.

"No, I usually wander off on my own a lot, even in the garrison, and I'll be back in no time."

If you don't see her, she's probably wandering around the other dorms," Ellen says nonchalantly, and sits down across from Louise and begins to dry her hair with a towel, running it through her fingers.

Warrior, Ellen Artorius.

His brother Lagan Artorius' reputation had already faded.

The next great warrior, Ellen Artorius, has grown in stature.

It's a bit of a clunker and a bit of a mouthful.

So it was a girl of that age.

"Do you like cats?"

"......."

At Louise's question, Ellen's brow narrows in thought for a moment.

"I don't think so."

"Yeah......?"

"Yes."

After making sure there are no cats around, Ellen stares out the snowy window.

"Even now, I don't think I'm raising them....... they just come to me from time to time, I guess."

She adds that she doesn't recognize him as her cat, but rather as a friend who visits occasionally.

In fact, Ellen seemed to assume that the cat was just wandering around somewhere, rather than getting anxious when she couldn't see it.

"I hope it's not outside."

It's cold, and it's snowing.

So I wish I was walking around in a royal class dormitory instead of outside.

Ellen said and continued to dry her hair.

The Cat Warrior.

Louise couldn't help but giggle as she thought back to yesterday, when Ellen had insisted on petting the cat.

How did you get to where you are today while seemingly not thinking about it?

When Ludwig asked for help, I nodded and said I would help him, no questions asked.

I knew it was risky, but I stayed ahead of the curve and knew where I needed to go with my quick thinking and judgment.

She's wise, quick to judge, doesn't hesitate to help others, and is already strong in her own right.

She doesn't look like a warrior, but it's all the things that are hidden in her seemingly ordinary appearance that make her a warrior.

To Louise von Schwarz, Ellen Artorius was a stranger.

A son's classmate, a warrior, the owner of two holy objects, and the hope of mankind.

This isn't the first time we've met in person.

I've seen Ellen fight before.

But it's also about walking around with a cat, having a conversation with friends, or dealing with a problem.

It was definitely the first time I'd ever seen such a human face.

Louise is unfamiliar with the human side of such a warrior.

In the end, I couldn't help but like it.

Ellen entered the Temple with her overly heavy brother's name hidden.

Although she was already the owner of the relic, only a few people knew who Ellen was.

After all, warriors are the need of the hour.

Just as Lagan Artorius became a warrior because there was a Demon War.

After the events of the Last Demon and the Gate, Ellen Artorius is called a warrior.

Even Reinhard the Demon was considered a hero until his true identity was discovered.

Everyone was shocked to learn that there were two warriors, but one was a demon wearing a warrior's leathers.

With her son's suggestion that the devil might not be evil after all, Louise didn't know what to make of it.

After all, Louise isn't ignoring Ellen.

If all this hadn't happened.

If the Gate debacle hadn't happened, I'd have a different life.

Louise was a princess and heir to the House of Schwarz, so she would have been living as a royal princess even if the Gate hadn't happened.

But Ellen is different.

Ellen was a commoner.

If it weren't for the gate incident, I would have been destined for a normal life.

The Gate debacle made Ellen the most important person in the world.

If all this hadn't happened.

Ellen would have lived a normal life, not having to carry any heavy burdens.

"If all this hadn't happened."

"Is that ......?"

"What do you think they're doing right now?"

"......."

Ellen is stunned into silence by Louise's question.

"You wouldn't want to live like this, would you?"

"...... did."

Everyone sees Ellen only as a warrior. But Louise saw the human side of Ellen beneath that title, yesterday and today.

It made her wonder what kind of life he wanted, what kind of desires he had.

Even though I know it's pointless to talk about it now.

Ellen stares out the window in disbelief at Louise's question.

If all this hadn't happened.

"He was probably going to the temple."

I'm still at the Temple, but without the gate incident, the Temple would have been packed with students.

Even if you weren't that close, over time you'd probably have a small talk with everyone.

That's still the case today, but we wouldn't have had to build that sad friendship we can only call comradeship.

And.

No one would have died in a tangle of broken and tangled relationships.

There's no such thing as someone who can't be here.

If you were in that situation.

If all this hadn't happened.

Ellen looks out the window.

I wouldn't have had to look at those cursed eyes, cursed eyes.

Assuming everything hasn't changed, if it were to snow like this.

No.

A piece of the memory of that day naturally comes to mind.

Reinhardt smirks as he shoves a snowball into Herriot's mouth.

I remember sitting on the terrace in winter, eating beef stew on a quiet snowy night.

It wasn't a very special day.

That's what I thought at the time, too.

You'll look back on this later.

You'll realize that these days won't last forever, and you'll realize that every day you took for granted, every day you spent like that, was special.

So Ellen had a vague idea.

It's good enough.

I don't even want more.

Friends.

And loved ones.

I used to think that just being able to be there was enough.

At the end of the day, it's just a story.

It's not like I didn't know.

The days you thought you'd never come back from, just became the days you couldn't come back from.

It wasn't the way I envisioned it, but it's the kind of story that ends up happening.

And he was the one who broke it all.

If I could go back in time.

I wish I could pretend everything never happened and stayed the same.

What was I doing now.

"...... would have been building a snowman."

"Snowman......?"

"Yes."

Ellen says, "That's it.

In the piling snow, as it used to be.

Eat or drink something while watching the snow fall.

Or build a snowman.

That's all they would have been doing.

It's not great, it's not great, it's not great.

Ordinary days like that.

For those special occasions.

would have been living.



* * *



By the next day, Anna de Guerna hadn't returned.

Anna wasn't the only one, Christina and Louis Ankton, who had been working on their research, hadn't returned either.

It is also possible that the story was not told because the research being done at the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry was not relevant to the three.

If so, everyone would have to wait in the dorms because we wouldn't know where they were doing their research.

Above all, it's time to be cautious.

Yesterday, I was all over the place, irritating people who didn't need to be irritated.

One day was enough for me to make hasty moves when I didn't know who the enemy was.

Two days of waiting in the temple.

Anna de Guerna still hasn't returned.

"Is he usually gone this long?"

At Louise's question, Ludwig nodded.

"Yeah, it doesn't usually come back well......."

The four of them gathered in the Class B dormitory, waiting for Anna to return.

"I don't think meeting him is going to give you a spiky number, so....... Why don't you look up the warlocks in the temple?"

"Maybe back in the days when the temple was running, but I don't think I can find it now."

Warlocks are no different, as the vast majority of wizards have been dispatched. Most of them would be in Allied garrisons.

"Hmmm......."

I wasn't in a hurry to move, but I couldn't help but get antsy as I was spending my time pointlessly waiting for Anna, who might return at any moment.

So we'd all get together in the B class dorm and sit around all day.

Ellen stroked the back of the sleeping cat sitting on her lap.

The next thing I knew, she was sleeping soundly on Ellen's bed this morning. She'd left the door slightly ajar, inviting him to come and go as he pleased, so the cat felt right at home in Ellen's room.

"The snow still hasn't stopped falling."

Heinrich looked out the window, worried.

My eyes were weakening, but I wasn't about to stop.

"It looks like the Imperial Mages have been called in to clear the snow, and I hear the mages in the Allied garrisons are making a huge comeback."

"That's good......."

Heinrich nodded at Ludwig's words.

Inside the temple, I could see through the window as the guards cleared the snow.

Many of the students have left to help with the snow removal, and they wait for Anna, who doesn't know when she'll be back. She's just trying to ask a question, and even though she knows it's not a great hint, it's all she can do right now.

You could try to contact the five patriarchs, but that's risky.

With a few more clues, Ruiz and Ellen decided to make a move.

I don't know how long I sat in the lobby like that.

-delay

Louise sees a dorm door open and a student walk down the hallway to go somewhere.

A slow, lanky student, walking slowly, with an almost sobbing appearance.

"Uh, Detto."

The student didn't respond to Ludwig's greeting, but simply nodded slightly and walked past him.

"Hi."

Ellen's greeting was met with only a slight nod, and the student went on his way without paying much attention.

In the two days she's been waiting in the dormitory, Louise has seen him a few times. She stares at the back of his head.

"Did you say Detomorian....... ?"

"Yes."

"Well....... Hmm....... You seem like a weird kid."

Louise took a moment to choose the least rude thing to say.

I haven't watched it for long, but I can't help but have a strong impression of the Detomorian. Everyone inevitably gets a spooky, ominous feeling.

"He's misunderstood, but he's a good friend."

Ellen nodded in agreement with Ludwig.

At that, Louise was visibly flustered.

"No, I don't mean like a bad kid......."

"Sister, I know what you're saying. I know....... I haven't talked to her much."

Heinrich was still hesitant because of the spooky aura of the Detomorian.

Detomorian doesn't give Louise, a stranger in his dorm, a second glance, and just goes about his business. He doesn't care who says hello or who's there.

Louise knew something about Heinrich's classmate.

Of course, seeing it with your own eyes is different.

"You said talent was a witchcraft, didn't you?"

"Yes."

A Detomorian with a talent for witchcraft.

"What the hell is witchcraft?"

Louise's question made Heinrich and Ludwig look dubious.

"I don't know....... I don't know."

Even Ludwig, who had lived with him for many years, had no idea what witchcraft was.

Something like magic. But not magic.

"We don't know how it manifests, but it's definitely a way of dealing with power, and I've seen it a few times myself."

"You saw it yourself?"

"Yes."

Instead, it was Ellen who answered.

Long ago, Ellen had watched the Detomorian ritual of awakening the cursed sword Tiamata with Reinhardt.

Then I saw Detomorian praying for peace with Bertus and Savior Tana.

The amulet that now hangs around Ellen's neck was also carved by Dettomorian.

Ellen doesn't know if the amulet around her neck is really protecting her.

Dettomorian said to pray that the amulet would be a signpost to protect the soul.

So we just do that.

We don't know if it's really working. But let's hope so.

That's the nature of witchcraft.

Louise didn't really believe Ellen when she said she'd seen the spell manifest a few times. Ellen would say something like that because she had seen it.

"That's interesting."

Louise crosses her arms.

"If witchcraft is a manifestation of power, is it a way of dealing with mana or a form of divine power?"

A more fundamental question.

Is witchcraft magic or faith?

All three of us had a puzzled look on our faces.

"I don't know, but I've heard that witchcraft is the most primitive form of magic."

That's about all Heinrich knows, and even then, it's a story most ordinary people wouldn't even know. He only knew because one of his classmates was a Detomorian with an unusual talent for witchcraft.

Before there was any organized magic in the world, shamans were the first wizards.

That's why witchcraft is a primitive form of magic.

Ellen knows that.

But I hadn't thought about witchcraft.

I couldn't help but think that was pretty bizarre.

When Detomorian performed a ritual on Tiamata. And when I saw him praying for peace.

The word "origin" in the first place.

"However, when I'm actually using it, I tend to use something more like a prayer....... or something like that."

Louise looks at Ellen with interest.

"Is this magic manifested through prayer? Is that even possible in the first place?"

Magic is the "art" of refining and using mana, either in or out of the body, according to set formulas and theories. It is the way of mages.

But prayer is literally asking for the power itself to manifest. That's the way of the priests.

"I see."

Ellen listens to Louise and realizes that something is not right.

"Witchcraft, I think, is a very strange power."

You can't tell if a spell is really magic or not.

It has no set formula or theory. Therefore, it is not a technology.

It is not a prayer to the Great Lords, nor does it derive its power from the power of the Great Lords.

Where does the power of the spell come from?

If it's not borrowing, then it must be a skill, like wizards, and I don't see any skill in spells.

Witchcraft is a very strange power.

"Isn't that weird......?"

While Ellen and Louise are in the midst of their thoughts, Ludwig walks in through the cracks.

"A force that isn't magic and isn't divine actually works, isn't that weird?"

At Louise's question, Ludwig shakes his head.

"If it's actually the weird rituals of people who don't believe in anything that's causing the weird things to happen, I don't know if you're a pagan....... If it's actually the weird rituals of people who don't believe in anything that's doing the work....... I was just wondering if there could be enough of that going on."

Ludwig merely recalled Lowen's words.

The pagans would pray in strange places, and it might not work, but sometimes it did.

I don't think they did anything magical. But here's what really happens.

"Is witchcraft really that different from pagan rituals....... Is this it?"

"Well, that's not what I meant."

When Ludwig realized what he had said, he panicked.

What Ludwig was trying to say was that it wasn't so strange for witchcraft to work.

Ludwig was tempted to bite his tongue, however, for he had just said that the Dettomorians were no better than pagans.

"No."

Ellen looked at Ludwig, who was puzzled, and shook her head.

"Now that I think about it, maybe it was Dettomorian we should be looking for, not Anna."

The pagans in the refugee camps. Or the fiends.

If they're involved in this case, it's not Anna you should be looking for, but rather Dettomorian.

Praying to an unidentified power and having it answer you.

If the cause of the incident is a pagan ritual, it may be a shaman, not a warlock, you're looking for.

Detomorian has just left the dorm.

"Let's go there."

"Detto was away a lot, do you know where he went?"

At Ludwig's question, Ellen nodded.

That spooky, bizarre space.

The basement of the frat house.

Ellen knows that the Detomorian prays there every day.





Episode 597.





It was a clubhouse that had been completely converted into a Dettomorian hideout since the Temple ceased operations.

As they entered the underground space, everyone but Ellen was stunned.

"What is this......?"

Ludwig.

"Crazy, isn't that blood?"

Heinrich.

"What is this, what is this all about?"

Louise.

All three felt a sense of dread as they entered a space filled with unidentified shamans and symbols.

Regardless of one's personal strength and experience, it's easy to feel an unexplained sense of dread when faced with this sight for the first time. In fact, Ellen was freaked out the first time she came to this place.

"Are you sure we can come to....... right?"

In fact, even Ludwig, who was a much-misunderstood but actually good friend of Dettomorian, said so with a white face.

In many ways, Detomorians deserve special treatment.

Ludwig has seen civilians killed by guards for praying to strange idols.

But the sight of all the idols and shamanic circles in this basement, even priests who have never harmed another human being in their lives, under the guise of embracing and edifying pagans, might wonder if they should be the first to hang a Detomorian at the stake.

For being a student of the Temple, and a royal student at that, Dettomorian was able to get away with setting up a scene that deserved to be called the heretic of heretics.

Obviously, civilians who knew nothing about the heresy would see this and assume it was the work of a pagan.

Passing by ominous and bizarre sights, everyone is feeling uneasy.

"It's okay."

Ellen, being a seasoned traveler, was not afraid to go underground.



* * *



The heart and soul of the shaman.

Arriving in the cellar-like space, Ellen could see that Detomorian was still sitting in the center of the circle.

Aside from the quaint, ominous vibe, it's a messy space to begin with.

Therefore, Ellen has no way of knowing if Detomorian is still wishing for the same thing.

I can't tell if the idols have been rearranged or the shamanic circle has been redrawn. It was crowded before.

However.

"You're here."

"Yes."

Detomorian said as he looked at the four who had suddenly arrived.

The word itself is already ambiguous.

Does it mean you knew it was coming or that it's just now coming.

The Dettomorian speaks in a way that is not easily understood by the listener, and whose intentions are unknown.

Ellen isn't very close to Detomorian either, and Ludwig tries to be, but can't.

Heinrich and Louise are frozen in place.

Ruiz isn't going anywhere, and Heinrich isn't going anywhere.

But there's something about the scene itself that overwhelms people.

"Did you think we were coming?"

In response to Ellen's question, Detomorian stares at the candle lit in front of him, which continues to emit a faint light.

"Well......."

Again, a vague answer.

Ellen approached the Dettomorian fearlessly, and sat down in front of the candle.

A warrior and a shaman sit across from each other with a single candle between them.

"Are you still praying for peace these days?"

"No......."

Detomorian was praying for peace until Ellen, Bertus, and Tana arrived.

"Then what are you doing?"

In response to Ellen's question, Dettomorian says.

"All is well."

"And peace."

Safe and sound.

Ellen shakes her head at that.

"I was praying for your soul's safety and peace."

"...... me?"

"Yeah."

The Dettomorian says still.

"Because that's the same word as peace."

Ellen still can't understand what the Dettomorian is saying.

But in the midst of this bizarre spectacle, it's hard not to feel a shiver run down your spine when you hear a shaman performing an unidentified ritual and saying a prayer for you.

"I see."

But Ellen looks at the Dettomorian and dips her head slightly.

"Thanks."

Say thank you.

"......."

Just like Ludwig did.

Ellen knows that the Detomorian is not evil.

It's still the same.

We don't know the outcome of the spell, and we don't know if it works. We don't know if the symbol the Dettomorian gave her really protects Ellen, and even if the Dettomorian is praying for Ellen's soul next to peace, we don't know if it will work.

But Ellen is grateful to Dettomorian because she knows his prayers are genuine.

After thanking the Dettomorian, Ellen cautiously raised her head.

Detomorian looks at Ellen with an expression that makes it impossible to tell what he knows and what he doesn't.

Detomorian, which is already extraordinary in a not-so-good way, seems even more extraordinary in this space.

If it normally looks dreary, in this dark and dreary space, the Detomorian feels like something that no word can really describe.

I wonder if we're in the wrong place.

You've been following a case and accidentally stepped into a place you shouldn't have.

The same thought was inevitably on everyone's mind.

But Ellen looks at the Dettomorian and says nothing.

"There's a cemetery in the basement of the Great Hall of the Crusader Knights."

"......."

Despite the blunt start, Dettomorian stays still and listens to Ellen.

"It's a cemetery where priests and paladins are buried who had powerful divine powers in their lifetime."

To cut to the chase.

It's too long a story to tell from the beginning, so I'll just ask what needs to be asked.

"I think someone has reanimated the remains in that cemetery and taken them somewhere."

"......."

"Is that even possible?"

As she spoke, it occurred to Ellen that the question itself might be rude.

It would be rude to assume that a Dettomorian would know the evil arts of creating the undead, and to come here to ask.

But in response to Ellen's simple but not lighthearted question, Dettomorian is silent.

However, Dettomorian's answer is not a yes or no.

"Don't."

"......?"

"Better not......."

Another word for it.

But since it was completely unintelligible, Ellen thought she had a clue.

What Detomorian is talking about.

"Do you think it's....... good?"

"Yes......."

It would have told me to sweep it under the rug and not dig into it.

"Can you elaborate on that?"

"No......."

I don't know if it's that I can't explain it, or that I can't understand it, or that I can't tell you. Unintelligible.

Everyone listened to Ellen and Detomorian's bizarre preamble.

That look that feels like a conversation, but doesn't feel like one at all.

Between them, Ludwig steps forward.

"Detto."

"......."

Ludwig sits down next to Ellen.

"Do you know something? Tell me if you do."

"......."

"I don't know, the priest I was trying to help was actually a really bad person, and I don't know what he was trying to do with me, and now I want to know what he did and how bad he did it....... I want to know what the hell happened and what's going to happen next......."

"You're going to die......."

"......?"

The Dettomorian's words puzzled Ludwig, as well as Ellen, Louise, and Heinrich, who listened in silence.

The Dettomorian speaks slowly, still looking at Ludwig with a sullen expression.

"Ludwig, you're going to die if you go any further."

At the sudden prophecy. Ludwig's complexion turned white.

"Do nothing......."

Although we don't know anything else.

Ellen and Ludwig could tell that Detomorian was genuinely worried about Ludwig.



* * *



Sudden prophecy.

It's deceptively simple.

Death.

And the prophecy was directed at Ludwig.

Ludwig was stunned into silence, his mouth hardening into a stone.

Ellen was puzzled, too.

"What do you mean, all of a sudden Ludwig is like that?"

"......."

Ludwig wasn't going to argue, nor was he angry.

Ludwig is not the kind of person to do that to a friend in the first place.

"If you tell me anything, I'm going to....... if you say something?"

Ellen asked on behalf of Ludwig, who couldn't think of anything to ask.

Why are you saying that, and if you saw something, what did you see?

"I can't convince you and....... I can't explain......."

The Dettomorian only says that. He doesn't say that he doesn't understand what he sees, or that he doesn't know why he knows this.

Ellen was Ellen, Ludwig was Ludwig, and the sullen-looking Detomorian could ask no more.

"You have to say something, don't you? Suddenly. What if he dies suddenly and you don't say anything!"

"It's the youngest......!"

Thus, Heinrich, who had been watching the scene from behind, stepped forward, looked down at the Dettomorian, and snarled.

Louise panicked as she watched her son walk out of the room with something tingling and ominous about him, and she gingerly grabbed Heinrich's shoulder.

Detomorian stares up at Heinrich, unmoving.

A piercing gaze.

And a quick glance at a nervous Louise in the back.

"......!"

In that brief stare, Heinrich felt an eerie sensation that made the hairs on his back stand on end.

A gaze that seems to know what truths are hidden, even if it's only for a moment.

Heinrich's gaze sent a cold sweat down his spine, and Louise felt her breath catch in her throat.

Heinrich had a gut feeling that he shouldn't mess with Detomorian.

"Detomorian."

"Yes......."

However, Ellen, who believes in Detomorian, calls him out.

"If we don't get a proper explanation of why this is a dangerous job, why Ludwig is going to die, why it's better not to know....... I, we have no choice but to try to find out more about this job."

"......."

"It's not that I don't believe you, but there's so much at stake in this, I don't think I can let it go."

"That's right......."

Dettomorian nods in agreement, as if Ellen is right.

"I mean small....... Small and low, with little evidence, little credibility, insufficient explanation, and little appeal......."

It's been a while since we've had a Detomorian.

No, almost the first time.

Don't drag or stutter.

"I speak what I see."

"Don't say what you haven't seen."

"But, of course."

"What I say doesn't always come true."

"Maybe what I said was just a bunch of bullshit."

"But in an age where death is rampant. It's not a hard prophecy to make."

"Everyone dies at some point."

"Anyone can die at any time."

"Now that death is as common as hunger and poverty everywhere."

"Anyone's death is bound to look easy."

"Rather than divining mediocre fates. It's easier."

"So."

"I'm not always right."

"What I see doesn't necessarily happen."

"This time."

"You must be right."

"Ludwig."

"Do nothing."

"You're going to die."

It's a world where death is too prevalent.

So it's easier to see death than to see anyone's fate.

So it must be true.

Ludwig has no idea why this has anything to do with his death, and neither does anyone else.

On their way to inquire about witchcraft and pagan rituals, they hear a death prophecy that is completely out of character.

Ludwig stares at the Dettomorian, stunned.

If I'm talking about Ludwig's death, it's because I don't want him to die.

"Let me ask you a question."

After a long moment of silence, Ludwig speaks up with a stern expression.

"Am I going to die for nothing?"

"......."

"I can't do anything, I can't do anything in my own strength. I can't get help, I can't get help, I can't get help, I can't get help, I can't get help, I can't get help, I can't get help, I can't get help, I can't get help. I can't be of any help, and that's how......."

Ludwig says, looking miserable.

"Is that how you die?"

Ludwig asks, but Dettomorian is silent.

"......."

No answer.

But this time, the silence feels different. Everyone feels the difference.

We don't know what this silence means, but it's a deliberate silence.

because you know what's going to happen when you say it.

You'll die.

It's not a pointless death.

Detomorians don't speak.

A shaman speaks what he sees. He does not speak of what he has not seen.

For a shaman who cannot lie, the only lie is not telling the truth.

"That's not it."

"......."

"Detto, right?"

Detomorian says nothing.

"That's it."

You don't die meaninglessly and in vain.

We don't know what's going on, but the fact that death is in sight is already a hint that we can do something about it.

Rather, I read hope that something can be done.

Even if death awaits, even if that statement is absolute.

There is hope that it might not be absolute after all.

Being able to do something was something Ludwig hadn't been able to do since the death of Delphine Izdra, since he lost his arm.

After a long silence, the Detomorian finally bows his head.

"Destiny is fulfilled by those who will change it."

Once upon a time. Someone.

"Like I tried to change my destiny and ended up like this."

As if you wished for it, and then you got it.

"Me too....... as well."

Detomorian sees the future now, but he intuits that he has completed it because he tried to change it.

The words that were meant to stop Ludwig's death actually propelled him forward.

The future was known, but not the people.

He realizes that he has, in fact, left Ludwig behind.

"Me too, I can't get out of that shackle......."

No one knows what a Detomorian is talking about.

But I could read the self-doubt and frustration in his words.

The silent Detomorian soon looked up.

"Find Ashur."

"......?"

We were all taken aback by this out-of-the-blue statement.

"Then, you'll know."

Existence that has no reason to be mentioned in this context.

A friend who is already dead.

What the hell does finding someone who can't come back have to do with this?

"What do you mean, find Ashur?"

"You! You keep saying things I can't understand. What are you trying to say?"

When Ludwig panics, and Heinrich finally lets his old temper creep in.

"Get out."

Detomorian's face is grim as he issues his congratulations.

"More like this. I wouldn't change a thing."

The shaman was already beginning to fear for his own mouth.

Now Nagara could ask no more questions in the face of that determined demeanor and the desperate look on the shaman's face.



* * *



The Detomorian may speak unintelligibly, but he's not a harsh person at all.

So telling the visitors to leave was almost the first time I'd ever spoken to someone in a command tone as a Dettomorian.

It doesn't matter who's listening.

Everyone heard shocking, incomprehensible, unintelligible words, and words whose intentions were hard to guess.

In the cellar of the lone fraternity house, lit by a few candles, Detomorian sat still.

With an attitude that makes it impossible to tell if you're praying for something, contemplating something, or doing nothing.

Into that silence, that candle-burning silence.

A small, soundless figure slowly approaches.

-Angel

"......."

Black cat.

Detomorian didn't even look in the direction of the cat.

The cat walks over and sits still across from the Dettomorian.

The first time she cried, the cat just stared at the Dettomorian.

The cat says nothing, and the shaman says nothing.

There is a long silence.

One hour.

Or two hours.

After a long silence, unknown how long, between the cat and the shaman.

"All I could do was this......."

The shaman opens his mouth slowly.

"To get you closer to something less dangerous, rather than something more dangerous......."

The cat listened to the shaman's apologetic words, but didn't react.

"But maybe I'm just letting everyone know after all....... Maybe that's what it is......."

The shaman hangs his head, and speaks laments.

"If you knew the future in full....... would have looked like."

-.......

"Even if I had full knowledge. As my actions change, so does the future. To know the future is to know nothing."

-.......

"Or is it that the future itself, clumsily learned, is....... Or was it orchestrated to fulfill its destiny......."

-.......

"I didn't realize I was no different....... I didn't realize......."

The shaman stares at the flickering candle.

"I wanted to do something, so I screwed up something......."

-.......

"I feel like this......."

The shaman finally, slowly, moves his eyes to look at the cat.

"You tried to change a fate that not even the gods could change......."

-.......

"It was stupid."

The cat sat still and looked at the shaman.

"You, you don't need my words."

-.......

"You know what to do."

-.......

"Well, you can do that."

At the shaman's words, the cat stared at the shaman for a long moment, then stood up.

The cat left without a word, and the shaman sat alone in front of the candle for a long time.





Episode 598.





The four of them left the club building where the Dettomorians were and returned to the Royal Class dormitory.

The original purpose was to ask if the rituals of the pagans in the refugee camps could turn the remains of the saints into the undead.

Then Ludwig heard a prophecy about his death.

And when Ludwig didn't back down from that, he gave a hint of frustration.

But the implication is also bizarre.

Find your friend, Ashur, who is already dead.

What the hell does that have to do with this case, the connection is so tenuous that I can't even figure out what it means.

"That asshole, he's crazy, but he's solidly crazy."

Heinrich frowned, as if he didn't like the Dettomorian.

"No, Heinrich. Detto was just trying to stop me, you know."

"If you know, you ought to tell me what you know. You ought to tell me what's going on. Just ignore him. He's a lost cause. You think I haven't seen one or two people go crazy from war, you know that?"

Everyone was on the front lines.

We all know that it's not uncommon for people to lose their minds in the horrors of war.

How many have been driven mad by the death of their comrades, the horrors of battle, the pain of injury, and the terror that the monsters exude.

There are many people who have been maimed and can no longer hold a weapon, let alone live a normal life.

All four of us in this room have seen the madness of such wars and the people who go mad in them.

"Never mind the asshole, what's this about Ashur? I thought he was a sullen but sane man......."

"The youngest."

Heinrich's harsh words finally got Louise to speak up.

"It's ......."

"Witchcraft is a force we don't know, and the shaman is someone we don't know."

"......."

"But even if it's an unknown force, you've seen people."

Louise looks at Heinrich.

"I didn't see him as a kid who misused his strength, and I didn't see him as a kid who misused his mind."

"But....... Isn't it just confusing, too....... Wouldn't it be better if you could tell us what you're talking about?"

Heinrich wasn't exactly wrong when he said that Ludwig's death would be more than a curse after all.

"I don't know of any other shamans who can give me an example, so I'm guessing he's doing it for a reason."

"What Detomorian meant when he said that doesn't mean anything if we talk about it now."

"......."

At Louise's urging and Ellen's words, Heinrich was forced to remain silent.

Ellen looks at Ludwig.

If he pursues this, Ludwig will die.

We don't know how or in what way it will die.

But Ludwig knew that death was not worthless, and he was determined.

It's okay to break that resolution.

You're out.

Is it right to say that.

"I, I don't believe in dying."

As if he knows what Ellen's gaze means, Ludwig gives her a stern look.

"I don't doubt Detho, but I do believe I can do something, and if I'm dead at the end of it, it's my fault, not his."

"......."

We pick and choose what we want to believe. Even lies are believed, so why not the truth?

I don't believe in death, but I do believe that the journey to it won't be meaningless.

"Yeah."

Ellen looks at Ludwig's determination and nods.

You can't break Ludwig's stubbornness.

Ludwig has been beaten too many times already, and if he is beaten this time, he will wither alive.

The look on their faces, as if they were living something worse than death, would be living in misery worse than death.

"I said you're going to die, not when."

The shaman said he would die, not when.

You don't have to be a shaman to predict that you're going to die, because you're going to die someday.

Ludwig decides to falsify the shaman's prophecy instead.

Ellen also tries not to think about Ludwig's death. Maybe it's not true.

Death is so prevalent that it's easy to make death predictions, but not everyone dies.

It's entirely possible that they were wrong.

If we rule Ludwig out for now, he's off to find another death.

Rather, it's better to keep it in sight.

"What does he mean by 'find Ashur'?"

Next issue.

To find Ashur.

What does it mean when it says you'll know then.

It's just a bunch of bullshit. If, in fact, the Detomorian is just a nutcase, then we can just dismiss it as malicious bullshit and that's that.

But that's a bit of a stretch.

If you're telling me to visit the five great patriarchs, or to go back to the field, I have a feeling.

It's so out of the blue and unexpected that it's bizarre.

Where the hell am I supposed to find an already dead Ashur?

There's only one conclusion to be drawn from the story of finding a friend who's already dead.

"Should I visit Ashur's tomb at....... to visit his grave?"

Ludwig's words left us all wondering what to do next.

The shaman's words further muddied the waters.

Ellen nods slowly.

"Going to ...... may be pointless, but it can't be a bad thing."

The person who left.

Finding his grave may put everyone in a miserable mood, but it's impossible to make it worse.



* * *



All four exited the temple.

The four of them walked cautiously, fearing that the Crusaders or whatever faction had sensed their trail might be following or watching.

Ashur was gifted with divine powers.

Ashur took on the role of a priest, healing soldiers in the rear.

They were torn apart by a rear-guard assault of flying monsters.

It was hard to even look at the devastation of the bodies we had barely recovered.

The bodies of those who have done enough in the war are buried in national cemeteries in the northern part of the ecliptic.

Most of the students in the Royal Class have distinguished themselves in war, and while Ashar hasn't fought in combat himself, he has saved countless lives.

Since Ashur was not a member of the Crusaders, his grave is in the National Cemetery.

"I should have looked up ......."

Ludwig sighed in self-reproach, wondering if he had been so lost in his own despair that he hadn't even thought of his friend's grave.

The same was true for Heinrich and Ellen.

We had a long way to go, as the horse-drawn train was not running, so we had to cross the Grand River and travel north to the Imperial Palace.

In the streets, there were guards shoveling snow, and people who were familiar to Ellen, Heinrich, and Ludwig from the royal class.

-curl!

A wind that blows snow off the streets, and a superhuman who can control it.

I was able to watch him from afar.

-Wow!

-It's a superpower!

There was also a sad and wistful picture of the senior driving his children around while being embarrassed by the snow removal he was doing with his superpower.

A psychic who used to shred monsters with his wind blades.

The wind elementalist, who had been almost as powerful as Heinrich, was no more or less than a stranger to the children now.

-Ouch! Kids, it's dangerous, stay away!

Ludwig and Heinrich smiled bitterly as they watched a man who should have been called a war hero struggle with a crowd of children.

After all of this.

We all look forward to the day when superpowers like fire and wind are just a bit of a novelty.

A world where their power doesn't matter is a world of peace.

Hoping for peace, the four walk.

To find out the truth about deaths that have already happened.

With death to come.

Toward the grave of a dead friend.

Walking down a snowy street.



* * *



All four were first-timers at the Zodiac National Cemetery.

Ludwigina Heinrich only learned later that after a brief funeral in the Allied camp, Ashur's body was transported to the Yellow Road for burial. I hadn't realized that the bodies of those who served were laid to rest in national cemeteries.

In Ellen's case, she was one of the busiest people in the Alliance in the first place, so she wasn't even able to attend Ashur's abbreviated funeral.

Not to mention in Louise's case.

So it wasn't long before I knew where Ashur's tomb was.

"Is that....... National Cemetery?"

Guards lined up in front of the massive main gate, eye-to-eye, guarding the entrance to the national cemetery.

And in front of the cemetery's main entrance, people braved the snow to enter.

It wasn't a very long queue due to the weather.

Naturally, Ellen would ignore such a queue, but she naturally stood behind him with her group.

I didn't want to give away my identity, so I said nothing.

But everyone has their own ideas.

If people were visiting the cemetery in this weather, they were there for a reason.

Why would you want to visit a national cemetery in this weather and wait in the snow to get in?

He was bereaved.

It was probably visited by people related to the dead as a memorial.

We all watched with a sinking feeling as visitors from all walks of life waited to enter.

How long have I been waiting.

Once the person in front of Ellen had checked in, she was allowed in, and one by one, the rest of her group began to check in.

"Hey....... Warrior?"

Ellen's face is well known, so the sudden appearance of a warrior as a worshipper is bound to cause an uproar among the guards at the gate.

"I want to be able to walk around quietly."

"Yes, yes! I get it."

The guards were surprised that he didn't want to draw attention to himself, but cautioned the others not to make a scene.

Since Ellen's face was her identity, the identification of the other three was only abbreviated.

Ellen and her companions slipped past the guards and set out after being told by the desk where Ashar's tomb was located.

We're all thinking the same thing.

It's natural to get a little melancholy when you realize you're going to a friend's grave.

At the same time, I'm thinking.

What clues are there in this white, snowy graveyard?

There is no such thing.

Maybe Dettomorian was actually saying that to remind us of something we'd forgotten.

But what was it about finding Ashur that he said he would know.

The inside of the cemetery wasn't plowed like the rest of the streets, so it was a slippery walk.

"That's a lot of room......."

Ludwig muttered to himself as he looked at the national cemetery.

The National Cemetery was located at the northern tip of the ecliptic realm.

Now there are refugee camps just beyond that tipping point, but back then it would have taken us completely off the ecliptic.

"It wouldn't have been this big originally."

"ah......."

Heinrich let out a small gasp at Ellen's words.

You don't need to know the details to make a prediction.

The national cemetery north of the ecliptic inevitably went through two rounds of expansion.

The first during the Demon War.

Second after the gate debacle.

War takes a lot of lives, and graves for the fallen inevitably fill up.

So just by looking at an outline of the National Cemetery, Ellen could tell which areas were the graves of Demon War veterans and which were expanded after the Gate incident.

Now the four of them are headed to Ashur's tomb.

An expanded graveyard after the Gate debacle.

"You mean this grave is all....... graves after the Gate debacle......?"

Ludwig mumbles something, and Heinrich nods.

Now, instead of looking to Ashur's tomb for clues, they're just overwhelmed by the ubiquity of death.

So many are dead and buried.

Even these graves are few in number compared to the dead.

Still, it was overwhelming.

An unfathomable number of deaths.

But it pales in comparison to all the deaths that have occurred since Gate.

Even that tiny grave was overwhelming to the beholder.

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"I wonder how many people died......."

"More than 95 percent of all cities have been destroyed."

Louise says.

"I guess you could say he's just as dead."

Most of the city was destroyed, so it's not a stretch to assume that the population was depopulated on the scale of the destruction. In fact, it could be worse.

Even if 5% of all humans died, that's a lot of death.

But the opposite.

About 95 percent of them are dead.

I can't even begin to fathom it, so I'm going to have to say it as a percentage.



* * *



A cemetery is a place where you can't help but think about death.

We look at the dead and infer what their lives were like.

Thinking about what my death will be like.

In conclusion, life.

You can't help but think about how you're going to live.

It's a space where death is on display, and it makes you think about life.

What life is.

What is a reason to live.

It's a space that forces you to face the simple truth that all humans die, so you can't help but think about living.

Not Ellen, not Heinrich, not Louise.

And Ludwig, who was told that death awaited him.

Walk still in your own thoughts.

Walking through the vast snowy graveyard, Ellen and the others soon found themselves in front of Ashur's tomb.

Gifted with divine powers, Ashur healed many wounded soldiers.

He died in the line of duty, not to kill something, but to save it.

"Ashar......."

Ludwig stares at the tombstone.

Not everyone cried.

It wasn't that I was trying to forget, but I was so caught up in the war that I couldn't think about my friend's death.

When winter passes and the army marches again in the spring, the three will return to the battlefield, except for Ludwig. Worry belongs to those without work.

Only Ludwig would remain here to contemplate death and life.

The reality is that people on the battlefield, living so close to death, are too busy to think about it.

Ludwig stares at the tombstone in silence.

I'd rather see the Dettomorian prophecy come true.

I'd rather do something, anything, than stand in front of my friend's tombstone and feel self-conscious for surviving.

Even if there is death at the end of it.

I wish I had a role.

It doesn't have to be as big a role as Ellen.

You don't need to have Heinrich's superpowers.

You don't have to be a commander like Ruiz.

A pawn on the battlefield would be nice.

For those who have been sacrificed, for those who will be sacrificed.

I want to fight.

"......."

Ludwig sat for a while in front of the tombstone and then got up.

We were all shaken, but no one was shaking.

"So......."

Louise opens her mouth to speak.

I'm not going to turn anyone's grave, but there are some things that need to be said, even if it means being uncomfortable.

"What is the significance of this place....... I don't know."

Not surprisingly, Ruiz doesn't know many Temple students.

So Louise looks at everyone's face, assuming that if there is a clue, it's something she doesn't know.

Heinrich wanted to dismiss Dettomorian's words as nonsense.

But even if it is bullshit, this level of bullshit is overly obnoxious and offensive.

Visiting a dead classmate's grave will tell you everything.

"This is weird, even a sane person wouldn't do something like this......."

Heinrich, therefore, felt that if Dettomorian's words were false, they were so unpleasant a lie that he had doubts as he stood before Ashur's tomb.

It's not going to be fun for you, and it's not going to be fun for the people who traveled all the way north of the ecliptic to do it.

"Do you see anything......?"

Ludwig looks at Ellen as if asking for help.

All else aside, Ludwig continued to watch Ellen make decisions and moves smarter than him.

Ludwig doesn't know anything right now, and he stares at Ellen, wondering if she might know something.

However, in this case, it's not that Ludwig is stupid and doesn't realize anything.

"I have no idea."

Ellen had no clue.

"What does Ashur have to do with the theft of Crusader remains and the deaths of Inquisitors?"

In Heinrich's words, he's done stranger things than searching for nymphs in a well. He only did it because he believed the Dettomorians had uncanny powers of foresight.

"I'm going to go back and confront him, grab him by the scruff of the neck and ask him why he said that, and he'll say something."

Heinrich became increasingly frustrated. Heinrich could barely speak at all, or if he did, it was only in vague terms and nothing direct.

Ellen says, looking at Heinrich, who is starting to get excited.

"Calm down. Detomorian is....... I'm sure he didn't mean to tell us that, and if he didn't, he had his reasons, and it's not like we're in trouble if we can't find any clues here anyway."

If the Detomorian's clues don't mean anything anyway, you're not in trouble, and you're not in a trap.

Heinrich sighed at Ellen's words.

"Ellen....... I get what you're saying, and maybe I'm being unreasonably angry, but it's completely unfounded. What we're doing here has nothing to do with what we're after. The only thing they have in common is that the Crusader underground is a graveyard, and this place we're from is a graveyard......."

"......?"

"We have one thing in common....... in common?"

I'm not sure what the connection is, but it's not like they have nothing in common.

Whatever they were, they all had one thing in common: they were cemeteries.





Episode 599.





It started with Rowen's death, but the Crusaders' catacombs were the culprit.

Detomorian says we'll know when we find Ashur, but we don't know what that means yet.

But this time, the destination is a national cemetery.

They have this in common.

The tombs of the saints have been robbed.

And it is possible that the remains have been reanimated as the undead.

Detomorian told me to find Ashur. Then you will know everything.

If the instructions to find Ashur meant to go to the Zodiacal National Cemetery, it ends up telling you to go to a different cemetery.

It's a scary thought.

Louise mumbles to herself.

"No way, the creators of the undead did the same thing here......?"

Louise's words made Ludwig wince.

"Well, not many people can get to the basement of the Temple of the Crusaders, but....... Do you think that's possible when it's so open here?"

An expanded national cemetery is an open space. When that happens, someone is inevitably going to see it.

"If it was a deserted night, it might be possible, and there was a wizard involved, and if we could use noise canceling and teleportation, we could do it here."

Crusader Catacombs.

And the National Cemetery.

What if the clue Dettomorian gave you hinted that the incident didn't just happen in the basement of the Crusaders?

"But if that's what happened, shouldn't it have been the same here, like the Crusaders were in a frenzy? It's not normal."

Heinrich asked.

It's a no-brainer.

It's a scene of mass grave robbing, or undeadization. Such a thing would not go unnoticed. If it happened in the National Cemetery, as it did with the Crusaders, there would be an imperial response.

But now, in the snow, the national cemetery was serene and peaceful.

It never appeared to be a place where strange and ominous events like undeadization had occurred.

"Yeah, I guess nothing happened."

As Ludwig says, it's not supposed to be this quiet at the scene of the crime.

What they have in common is a cemetery.

I couldn't figure out if there was a point to it, or if everyone was jumping on the Dettomorian bandwagon and extrapolating clues that weren't there.

"Wait......."

But in the meantime, Ellen bit her lip slightly.

"Do you get it?"

"Well, we've been waiting in line."

"Joule?"

"Yes."

Ellen looks at Louise.

"You know, the one where you waited in line to get in here. Remember?"

"...... did, apparently."

"Why are we in line?"

"......Why are you waiting in line?"

Ellen narrowed her eyes at Louise's question.

"Technically, it wasn't the line, it was the identity."

Louise nodded in agreement.

It was a flash in the pan, but that was a while ago.

"We didn't restrict access to visitors based on their status."

Among the visitors were nobles, soldiers, and people who appeared to be poor.

Soon, we were not restricting access to visitors based on their status.

"We didn't have a lot of visitors, but everyone was able to get inside, which means that anyone can get into this national cemetery."

"I suppose."

"Why are we doing identity verification in a place where anyone can walk in?"

If you're not restricting access, why are you checking?

"......Maybe to track down criminals. There's bound to be a lot of John Doe's. But....... I don't know if this is the place for a crime to happen......."

Crime only happens in places where it is likely to happen.

What kind of crime could possibly occur in a place where there are only cemeteries everywhere, and why would you need to check the identity of every single person entering?

None of the four know how access to the original national cemetery works.

But something.

That's weird.

"I need to see my manager."

We still don't know what happened.

But Ellen thinks differently than Heinrich.

I don't think Detomorian was talking nonsense. So it means something.

There's got to be something we can figure out here.

Ellen thinks so.



* * *



Meeting the director of the Huangdao National Cemetery wasn't too difficult.

You can ask the crusader leader to jump out in front of the Crusader High Hall, but the Ecliptic National Cemetery is easier.

When Ellen called from the National Cemetery, the superintendent ushered everyone into the director's office as if they were on fire.

"Whoa......."

When Heinrich enters the room and sees her frozen hands and the tip of her frozen nose, Louise mumbles to herself.

"Gosh....... That was cold."

"Oh, no, my sister....... It's okay."

Louise couldn't help but feel sorry for herself, realizing that she'd let a problem that should have been of concern to her go unnoticed because it didn't affect her.

Of course, Heinrich had just run a bit of a fever, but his days of being a stern man were behind him, so he put on an overly good front.

"Ma, it's an honor to meet you!"

"Hello."

When the superintendent of the National Cemetery saw Ellen, he was overwhelmed.

This is a common and typical reaction. Just as the guards at the gate did.

Although this attitude sometimes sends chills down her spine, Ellen has no choice but to get used to it.

The four of us sat in silence while the manager bustled around and sipped tea.

I don't know what I'm here for.

I couldn't tell if she was just surprised to see Ellen or if she had some sort of ulterior motive.

But if the location was relevant to the case, the warden must know something.

Watching the warden bustle about preparing a total of five cups of tea, including her own, Ellen took a sip of her tea out of courtesy.

Ellen doesn't know much about cars.

But I could see the joy and sincerity in his face. It was as if he was facing a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

I said.

I don't deserve to be treated like this.

Fighting to keep the thought out of her head, Ellen speaks up.

"It's not anything else, I was in line when I came in here."

"Oh, no. I'm sorry to hear you were in a hurry. If you had told the guards, you could have come straight in......."

"No, that's not what I meant."

Ellen realized that if she said the wrong thing, the middle-aged man in front of her might have a heart attack.

If you take it that way, it's ridiculous.

A warrior who came to me grumpy because he couldn't get a new one. Ellen had not the slightest idea.

"I thought you were verifying your identity."

"Yes, it is."

"Is there anyone who can't get into the national cemetery?"

"What? Ah......."

The superintendent scratched his head at Ellen's question.

Apologetically.

"We are restricting access to people whose residence is unknown or whose identity is not registered."

They're not the only ones.

However, the reality of the ecliptic is that there are more than enough of them now.

"You mean the refugees, right?"

"Well, technically, that would be the case....... No, of course, not all refugees are off limits. If you have a clear identity and a clear place of residence......."

But for refugees living in shacks, there was no way they could provide proper identification.

It would have meant that neither of them could enter the national cemetery.

It's not identity or wealth that matters.

"You mean only those who can be tracked, right?"

"For example, ......."

If the person is traceable, they are allowed in; if not, they are denied access.

The reason is probably simple.

Crime.

Refugees may enter national cemeteries and commit crimes.

Hiding out in a building somewhere in a cemetery to escape the cold, sleeping, or stealing. It's not so strange if you have controlled access.

Ellen's brow furrowed as she tried to figure out what to ask next.

"Yo, warrior. Of course refugees have a right to be memorialized, they're poor people, and I don't blame them."

At the mention of refugee restrictions, the warrior suddenly frowns and starts to think.

Seeing the look on her face, the warden could only assume that Ellen had come to visit because she felt it was unjust to keep the refugees out.

"Yes, I suppose so."

Of course, Ellen wasn't here to ask or argue, so she just replied dryly.

"Of course, not so long ago, the national cemetery was completely open. Anyone could come in, including refugees, yes, obviously......."

"Is that ......?"

Ellen and the other three couldn't help but react to the janitor's excuses.

"Does this mean that access control has changed?"

At her question, the superintendent nodded, not knowing who she was, for now.

"Yeah, sure. I mean, it's an inconvenience to the mourners, so why should we do it, and we haven't had any problems so far......."

"Anyone could come in, and the fact that they don't these days means......."

"Did something happen?"

"Something worse than theft has happened....... I can't help it......."

"What happened?"

The superintendent breaks out in a cold sweat, sounding regretful, but like he had no choice.

"......Someone has vandalized a cemetery."

In a word.

All four faces hardened simultaneously.



* * *



Someone among the mourners vandalized the cemetery.

If you heard that story without knowing anything about it, you'd think there was someone out there who did just that.

But all the same, I couldn't help but feel that it was too much of a coincidence.

Graveyard Steal.

Cemetery desecration.

It's a little too similar.

"How did you deface it?"

Ellen's expression grew more serious, and the superintendent couldn't help but break out in a cold sweat.

"It looks like someone was trying to rob a cemetery....... or something like that. It looks like they were unsuccessful in their digging, but it's a big deal that there was an attempt at all......."

"Did you catch the culprit?"

"We didn't have any restrictions on access at the time, so......."

We found evidence of an attempted theft. However, because the cemetery was open at the time, we were unable to catch the culprit.

The National Cemetery Service was horrified that it happened, and hasn't let anyone in since.

"Are you sure the steal failed?"

"What? The lawn was ruined, but that was it....... I'm guessing it was probably because it was cold and the ground was frozen and the shovel wouldn't go in."

It was a bit of a coincidence, but it wasn't out of the realm of possibility that someone else had done it.

"Suppose grave robbers come in and dig up the grave in the first place....... Is there anything they can take?"

Louise focuses on something more intuitive.

"I don't know what they know to do that, but....... We don't know that either."

"What do you mean you don't know?"

It is very important to know if there are valuable treasures buried in the tomb.

If there is, it's probably just a bunch of grave robbers, and if there isn't, it's a little more suspicious.

After a moment of excitement at the sudden appearance of the warrior, his blood ran dry at the thought of being interrogated every minute.

"Lately, we've been burying coffins sent to us from Allied garrisons according to established procedures. Since the funerals come from the Allied side, we don't know....... We don't know if any of the burial goods(副葬品) are valuable."

"Oh....... I see."

At the warden's words, Louise nodded slowly in agreement.

"Booty......?"

Louise answers Ludwig's unintelligible question.

"I'm talking about the stuff they bury with the body. Of course, when a high ranking nobleman dies, there's a lot of stuff that's worth a lot of money, and that's what grave robbers are looking for."

"Oh....... I see."

If the superintendent is correct, grave robbers have recently entered the national cemetery.

We don't know if they were trying to scavenge or something else, but the attempt failed.

After confirming this, the ranger station has since allowed only those who have proven their identity to enter.

It's entirely possible that there's treasure in the coffin, so having a grave robber isn't that strange.

What could have been. What didn't happen.

Too much of a good thing, though.

Ellen stares at the superintendent.

You feel like you're going to catch something, but you still don't.

"Date."

That's why Ellen asks one last question.

"What was the date of the burglary?"

"Oh, I'll get to that in a minute."

The director goes to his desk and starts furiously shuffling through something.

Unlike the ambiguous attitude of the Crusader Knights, he feared and respected Ellen, and wanted to help her in any way he could.

It's pretty clear that they're not involved in the case at all, and they're not trying to hide anything.

Of course, even I might be faking it.

The superintendent soon had an answer.

"To....... We don't know if this is the day of the incident; with such a large site and limited manpower, it could have happened days ago......."

"Okay, when?"

"I found it on the evening of December 3rd."

At that, Ellen looks at Louise.

"It's that day."

"Yes."

December 3.

It was the day of the Tomb of the Saints robbery.

Beyond coincidence, the suspicions have now reached a level where they cannot be coincidental.





Episode 600.





Dawn, December 3.

A graveyard of Crusader saints has been found stolen.

That same day, the evening of December 3.

The National Cemetery also found evidence of grave robbing attempts, and the cemetery has since tightened access controls to keep grave robbers at bay.

While it's not impossible that the two events are unrelated, the overlap in dates is too suspicious.

If it's the same person, is the work at the national cemetery a failure?

"That's where we just went."

"Yes."

The four of them left the ranger station and headed back to the cemetery.

This time, however, we're not heading to Ashur's tomb.

After confirming the location of the tomb where the attempted grave robbery took place with the caretaker, we were on our way to the site.



The superintendent offered to show her around, but Ellen refused.

You have to see it to believe it.

Of course, it's snowing like this and it's been a while since the incident, so I don't know what going there would tell me.

Just as we learned something in the basement of the Crusaders, we thought we might learn something by checking it out.

"What the hell happened to....... What the hell happened?"

Ludwig felt like he was going to burst, not only because the case was so different from the one he'd started, but also because his head was spinning with the direction of the trail.

"Whatever happened, one thing is for sure."

Heinrich chews on his lip.

"What I thought was crazy ramblings from a crazy person, turned out not to be crazy."

Heinrich's self-pitying mutterings were a way of kicking himself for ignoring what the Dettomorian had just said.

"We had two things in common, not one."

Louise says, looking around the snowy national cemetery.

"What do you mean, two?"

In response to Ellen's question, Louise keeps her answer short.

"Something called a cemetery."

They had already left the administration center and walked a long way into the graveyard of the fallen.

"That it's a place where people of extraordinary power are buried."

What they have in common is a cemetery.

Beyond that, even the buried had one more thing in common: a place where the chosen ones were buried.

When we had a single crime scene, we had to consider all the issues stemming from that scene.

However, if you have one more site, you need to consider intersections between sites.

You should consider the things they have in common as stronger clues.

Louise spits out a white breath, and Najik says.

"If they were trying to create undead here too, and if the same thing happened in both places, then....... it's unlikely that this was done out of revenge or hatred for the Five Great Houses."

When the Crusader Catacombs were the scene of a crime, we had to consider that it might have been done out of anger at the Crusaders or the Five Great Houses. The very insult of turning the remains of saints into undead could be revenge.

However, the site is now home to the Zodiac National Cemetery, which has little to do with the Crusader Knights.

Then the purpose is not revenge.

And intersection.

The tombs of the saints, where those who had great power in life are buried.

The Ecliptic National Cemetery, where those who served in the Demon War in their lifetime and those who served after the Gate Crisis are buried.

What they have in common is that they are places where the mighty are buried.

"All other explanations aside, if the same thing was attempted here, the perpetrators' objective would be rather simple than complex."

"......I see."

Ellen nods, as if she knows what Louise is going to say even if she doesn't, and Louise mumbles to herself.

Too many clues and the case falls into chaos.

But once you find the commonalities between the clues, the guessing gets easier.

Through the commonalities between the increasingly fuzzy events and clues, they get closer to the truth.

"I just needed a powerful undead."

All the emotional words like anger, revenge, and hate have lost their power as clues.

It's not uncommon for reasoning to get sidetracked in the face of complex interests and forces.

If the perpetrators were here, and their intentions were consistent with what they were doing in the Crusader underground, then the truth is clear.

The undead were an end, not a means.

We needed undead.

Strong undead.

Therefore, the perpetrators may have had a very simple intention: to find the graves of the powerful.

Louise von Schwarz judged.



* * *



Ellen stopped in front of a cemetery that didn't look much different from any other.

"Here it is."

A total of five graves in the neighborhood were believed to have been grave robbed. The grass covering the graves was overturned, so the conclusion was that the graves were not actually grave robbed.

Whether it was stolen or not, the administration had no choice but to tighten up access controls based on the presumption that an attempt had been made.

It's literally a national cemetery where war heroes are buried.

Each one of them is a graveyard of heroes. So it's no wonder that if even one cemetery was stolen, not to mention the head of the organization, the heads of everyone involved would be blown off.

Of course, with the naked eye, you can't even tell if there was a grave robbery attempt. Both the headstone and the ground were buried under snow in the first place.

Ellen looks around.

Given the weather, mourners have been few and far between.

"This is an inconspicuous place."

"I see."

Because it was tucked away in a corner, it was hard to see this spot from the center of the cemetery, obscured by the trees.

It's a place where you can steal, perform strange rituals, and even get away with a lot of weird stuff if it's nighttime.

Ellen dusted the snow off the tombstones and checked off the names on each of them where the alleged theft had occurred, then looked back at Heinrich.

"Heinrich, melt the snow."

"Okay."

So far, I've refrained from using my powers to avoid drawing attention to myself, but this is an inconspicuous location and there are no mourners around.

And now, it doesn't matter who's watching.

-Woof!

Heinrich's summoned flame radiates heat and begins to melt the thick layer of snow in an instant.

Ellen, Louise, and Ludwig felt the heat of the flames burning their faces in real time.

How long has it been.

Even as the snow melted, the ground in the cemetery was bare.

The grass, wilted and browned by winter, hung limply from the melted snow.

Five cemeteries.

The flat ground behind that headstone.

If there was an attempt to steal, it means there was an attempt to dig.

Ellen pawed at the flat grass of the cemetery where the attempted grave robbery had taken place, and soon, with a few tugs on the ground, she pulled a clump of grass out of the ground.

"Eh, Ellen......!"

Ludwig was horrified to see Ellen desecrating the cemetery with her own hands, but Ellen shook her head.

"I didn't force it, it was just the way it was."

Grass is naturally intertwined with its roots. Even in winter, if a lawn's roots break off, they won't reconnect.

So Ellen pulled up some of the grass that was broken in the first place, along with a pile of dirt.

"Looks like the admins did a pretty thorough job, they could have just let it slide."

At first glance, it doesn't even look like there's anything wrong with it, although the ground has probably been smoothed and repaired since the site was discovered to make it look less unnatural.

If it weren't for the fact that one of the cemetery managers is a very good snowboarder, I would have let it slide.

Louise nodded slowly at Ellen's words.

"It could have been found by mourners, not administrators. If it was my family or friends' grave, I'd look more closely."

"I see."

Although the warden said it was brought to the attention of administrators, it's entirely possible that someone in the mourning crowd spotted it and told the administration.

By not telling her that the mourners had found it, the warden could have been lying to her, literally. And for Ellen, that's the kind of lie she'll forgive.

Mourners or caretakers saw an unnatural filling of dirt and grass on the grave and assumed it was an attempted grave robbery.

The site was then repaired by administrators to make it look like everything was fine.

Ellen looked closely at the ground and could see the unnatural shape of the mounds of earth in the graveyard.

See it with your own eyes.

I came to see.

And no, Ellen didn't come to see the grass.

"Ellen......."

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"Hey, is this okay......?"

Heinrich mumbles to himself.

I don't need to tell you what Ellen is going to do from here on out, because you should be able to figure it out by now.

"I don't think so."

Ellen has a little blue magic in each hand.

There's only one thing you need to do to know what happened here.

Visualization.

-Poof!

Ellen sells land with her bare hands.

To check the grave.

Ellen starts digging.



* * *



The superintendent offers to accompany her, but Ellen refuses, and for good reason.

And even though we didn't all come in and tell each other what to do, we all knew we had to do these things.

Even if they knew there was an attempted grave robbery, they can't do the crazy thing of digging up the grave themselves.

But Ellen has a different possibility in mind, and she has to do it herself.

I didn't need anyone to help me do what Ellen was doing.

Ludwig, unable to stand by and watch, tried to raise a hand, but Ellen told him to move out of the way.

It was all done with my bare hands and no shovel, but it didn't take long.

She's a master class superhuman whose whole body is a weapon, so when Ellen starts digging with her whole body, she's soon digging and breaking up the frozen soil, and soon, she's digging a deep hole.

"There's a body."

From the bottom of the pit, Ellen says, covered in dirt.

Sure enough, there was a body. Ellen's eyes widened as she recognized the remains of the lion she had finally found at the bottom of the pit.

And on top of the pit, Ludwig, Heinrich, and Louise stared down at the spectacle with stony faces.

We've all seen death, and we've all seen bodies.

They feel guilty, but they're not horrified and grossed out by the body itself.

If something like the Crusader Catacombs happened, there should be no bodies.

But the body is still there.

"Wait, that would mean....... that this place has nothing to do with undeadification....... or something?"

If the cemetery has nothing to do with undeadization, then Heinrich is right.

Someone tried to grave rob the cemetery and failed.

If so, Ellen has just dug herself a grave.

All it did was insult the death of someone who deserved to be put to rest.

"No, no."

But Ellen shakes her head.

In the dirt, Ellen picks up a piece.

"Is it a piece of coffin?"

Louise murmurs as she watches Ellen pick it up.

"That's ....... I think so."

A coffin buried in the ground is broken.

That's not something you can do externally in the first place.

"If it's undeadization, the undead would have crawled up to the ground to break the coffin in the first place, and if it's grave robbing, the grave robbers would have dug down to this point."

If the undead came to the ground by breaking the coffin, it makes sense that they would break the coffin.

However, the grave robbers were probably after the tomb's contents in the first place.

If they've dug down to where they can see the coffin, they're not going to noisily break it open when they could have just quietly removed the burial goods.

Since the grave robbers wouldn't have made a ruckus about breaking the coffin, we can only assume that the undead crawled out of it.

"...... What is this body?"

However, if the undead broke the coffin themselves, it doesn't make sense that the body that was supposed to be the undead would still be there in the first place.

In the Crusader underground, the perpetrators left the scene untouched, and in this case, not only did they cover it up again, but they also buried the undead back into the ground without retrieving them.

It's not the thieves' fault, because they clearly did something they shouldn't have done.

However, I suspect this was done by someone with an undead agenda, and they didn't end up taking the undead with them.

"Is it someone else's body or....... or something like that?"

Ellen frowns at Ludwig's question.

"I don't know, but if that's the case, why not....... I don't get it. If you're making undead and putting other bodies in them, you had to do that in the Crusader underground in the first place, but you didn't do it there, and you're doing it here?"

It's odd to take an already buried corpse and turn it into an undead, and then speculate on the possibility of putting another corpse back in that grave. It's an oddly laborious and pointless behavior.

It's unlikely that it's universal for people like Ellen to dig their own graves to identify bodies.

And when the time comes to dig up the body and see it for yourself, you can't help but wonder if the remains have been tampered with.

So reanimating the undead and putting another body in that tomb is not worthwhile or meaningful as camouflage in the first place.

It's weird if it's the same person.

In the Crusader underground, I had no interest in concealment, but here I did.

They didn't even take the undead, or they switched bodies.

"But....... That's a little weird."

Heinrich questions.

"What?"

"He was buried this year....... This much decay?"

"......?"

Ellen takes a closer look.

At Heinrich's question, Louise turns to look at the tombstone.

"Gordon Schick, senior knight of the Alskean. In October of this year....... This......."

It's December.

"It's only been two months?"

"Yeah."

Ellen in the pit narrowed her eyes at Louise's lament.

The corpse in front of him had gaping eye sockets.

It's October and the weather is starting to get cold.

We don't know much about the rate of decomposition, but from what Ellen can see, the body in front of her is already quite decomposed.

It's not completely devoid of flesh and muscle, but it's a bit too much for a body that's been buried since it started getting cold.

"I think it's the wrong body."

"I see......."

At Louise's words, Ellen nods in agreement.

I thought there was no reason to do the pointless thing of swapping bodies, but there is.

So it's pretty clear that it's not the work of grave robbers.

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"What the hell....... Why did you do this......?"

Took the undead.

But this time, after taking the undead, we put in another body.

Why on earth would I do this?

The other possibilities are still out of reach, so for now, Ellen and the others can only assume that the perpetrators were just doing something nasty that didn't mean anything.

"I'll have to dig all the other graves."

Eventually, Ellen had no choice but to do a few more rounds of digging.





Episode 601.





A total of five graves where there was an attempted grave robbery.

After digging not just one grave, but four others, they all came to the same conclusion.

All the coffins in the ground were broken.

It was supposedly caused by the undead rising from the ground, breaking the coffin and crawling out into the world.

But the body was still in there.

Some bodies had varying dates of death and degrees of decomposition, while others did not.

Naturally, with so many people buried, the faces of the corpses would be unrecognizable, even in their decay.

"...... is not the body of a warrior."

Louise nodded as Ellen identified all the bodies in the dug-up graves.

All of the bodies retained some semblance of appearance, regardless of the degree of decomposition.

The shape of his body already suggested that his nutritional status was not very good.

The area itself is a newly expanded site after the Gate, and most of the dead from the Gate are buried there. So, yes, most of them are soldiers.

The bodies of the soldiers shouldn't have been this close together.

"No injuries."

"It's ......."

And most of the bodies here are warriors.

Naturally, they died in the fight against the monster. Their bodies would naturally show signs of mortal wounds, such as missing limbs, or even a missing skull.

The bodies look malnourished, but all of them have intact limbs.

"These are definitely the bodies of people from the refugee camp."

So this is the body of someone who died of disease or starvation.

"Then....... After you brought the corpse back to life, you put other people's bodies in this tomb....... Why would you do that?"

Heinrich asked the question, but the other three couldn't answer it.

Raising the dead as the undead is insane.

But raising an undead, taking it with you, and putting another body in its grave isn't crazy, it's weird.

I can't figure out the intent.

Ellen crawls out of the pit and carefully turns her hand.

"Well, one thing's for sure, there were people who tampered with the tomb. Though we don't know why it was tampered with."

The suspects are two.

Grave robbers, or those involved in undeadization.

But even if it was the work of the grave robbers, or the people we're chasing now, it's too weird to switch bodies.

There's no point in doing that.

The extreme case of digging up a grave and checking it out doesn't happen very often anyway.

It's understandable to disguise a grave by smoothing out the dug ground, but why disguise a corpse?

"Uh, by the way....... Shouldn't we get this back up somehow soon?"

Heinrich was on edge, knowing that even if this was an inconspicuous location, there would be a huge uproar if anyone saw them.

Of course, it's not just a shovelful of dirt, it's a full-blown grave, so even if you fill it in, it's still going to show.

"No, wait a minute."

But whether Heinrich was nervous or not, Louise was looking at them one by one with a meaningful expression.

In total, they dug five graves.

Five tombs with attempted grave robbing.

The coffin used for the burial is broken, and the body is not the one who was supposed to be buried.

"If the grave robbers forced the coffin open and switched bodies, we don't know why they would do that, and if the people we're after are involved in this, if they brought the real owner of the tomb back to life as an undead, that would make sense, but there's no reason to put another body in there......."

Swap bodies.

That part is so weird and doesn't make sense.

"Ellen."

"Yes."

Louise looks at Ellen with a stern expression.

"One more grave, can you dig it?"

"......."

"A different tomb, with no grave robbing attempts."

"Sure."

Ellen nodded.



* * *



The attempted graves were still within close proximity to each other.

Ellen began digging in the grave, this time at a distance.

Hoping that this is a desecration of someone's memory, not only Ellen, but Louise as well, digs up the grave.

Soon, they dug a sixth grave.

"This time......."

"You're good to go."

It's different from the other five tombs.

This time, the buried coffin may have been covered in dirt, but it was still in good shape.

Like the other coffins that were attempted to be stolen, it didn't break.

"Nothing happened here, right?"

"Maybe......."

At the top of the pit, Heinrich and Ludwig were relieved.

Ellen looks at Louise with a hard look on her face. As if to ask if they should proceed with the next step or not.

"Let's open it."

"Yes."

Ellen grabs the lid of the coffin and applies pressure.

-Thump!

The lid popped open with a loud bang, and Louise and Ellen could see inside.

Still, you can't recognize the lion's face.

"This is another body......."

But the sight of that skinny body, with all its limbs intact.

From the look of the body, which could hardly have been a fallen soldier, I could already tell that it had nothing to do with the name on the tombstone.

Ellen, Louise, and Ludwig and Heinrich.

I stared at the body, frozen.

"Replace......."

Ellen mutters.

"What's....... What's wrong with......?"

Now.

Really now.

What's wrong and where.

I had no idea.



* * *



The sixth tomb was different from the others.

This time, the coffin is intact, but the body inside has been switched.

It's a scary thought.

After confirming that, Louise and Ellen climbed out of the pit.

"How did you know?"

In addition to the five graves where the attempted grave robbery took place, Louise suspects that bodies may have been switched in other graves as well.

This led me to imagine that there might be something more fundamental going on than just the grave robbers and the forces they were chasing.

"If this is the work of the people we're after, there were things they should have taken, but didn't."

"It's the undead you need to take care of."

"And what not to bring. Or, more precisely, things you won't be interested in."

"Booty."

Items buried with the body.

"The bodies were replaced, but all the graves had no burial goods."

The people responsible for the events in the Catacombs of the Crusaders are not people of little consequence.

So while they may have reanimated a corpse and taken it to the undead, it's safe to say that they're not the kind of people who get hung up on the treasure buried with the corpse.

All the graves they dug now had one more thing in common.

All graves have no burial items.

"Weapons and armor are usually buried as part of the burial, at least if not the lion's living possessions. But none of the graves contained any such items, and the bodies were all ....... They might be wearing shrouds, but nothing else was buried with them, and they were all wearing the same clothes. And if the bodies were tampered with, they were tampered with, but the absence of all remaining grave goods in the graves is not the work of grave robbers or the people we're after."

"......."

"Probably since they were buried."

This altered body was never meant to be the work of the current pursuers or grave robbers in the first place.

The body has been altered since it was first buried.

"That's not going to happen with the superintendent's clout."

Everyone starts to imagine the dreaded scenario.

Louise stares at Ellen for a moment.

"Ellen."

"It's ......."

"This seems to have too many things tied up in it."

What had begun with the death of the archbishop had spiraled out of control.

The archbishop was an inquisitor.

The Crusaders have an unknown internal problem.

The slain Inquisitor was chasing the remains of undead saints.

In the national cemetery, where the perpetrators seem to have been involved, the bodies had been switched.

Everything we've learned so far doesn't lead to a single conclusion.

Each clue reveals a different problem.

There are so many problems in the world, and every one of them is just the tip of the iceberg of other problems that can't be ignored.

Displaced bodies in the Imperial National Cemetery.

This is too big to be an aberration of a janitor. He wouldn't be able to do this.

Therefore, the switching of bodies in the national cemetery must have been done by a higher power. A higher power authorized, ordered, or condoned it.

Without it, it can't be attempted.

The suspicion will only be confirmed when we check the other tombs one by one.

Ellen mumbles to herself.

"This is....... Empire's involvement in this......."

"I suppose."

Louise could only nod her head in agreement.

What the hell did you do with the bodies?

What you were trying to do.

"Wait a minute....... If there are other bodies buried everywhere else, too......."

Ludwig's eyes widen in confusion.

"Is Ashur's tomb also......?"

Heinrich and Ellen gritted their teeth.

Find Ashur.

Then, he said, I'll know everything.

It wasn't the owner of the grave who was buried in the tomb, but a whole bunch of other wacky people.

That said, they haven't found Ashur yet.

You don't have to open all the other graves to see that all the bodies have been switched.

Tomb of Asher.

One more thing confirms this suspicion.

-Here! What are you doing!

And eventually, even in the most inconspicuous of places, someone was bound to find those who had been digging their graves for quite some time.



* * *



Where did it go wrong?

What to look for.

Death of the Inquisitor.

The remains of saints who have become undead.

A transposed body in a national cemetery.

No one could now be sure that all the clues pointed in one direction.

It could be everything.

If everything in the world is a problem, how the hell am I supposed to solve this one?

In the snow that Heinrich had melted, Ellen began to shovel into the grave.

The warden and his troops watched with grim faces.

The rangers were horrified to see a warrior digging a grave out of nowhere, and Ellen offered them no excuses or apologies.

Told to fetch the warden and bring a shovel, Ellen revisited Ashur's grave.

A warrior digs a friend's grave.

The warden could only stomp his feet, unable to argue with the warrior's determined expression.

I dug graves with my bare hands. It was easier and faster with tools in hand.

With each stroke of the young shovel's blue-enchanted blade, the earth bared its flesh.

In no time at all, Ellen had dug down to the depths of Ashur's coffin, and with a shovel blade wedged into the lid, she twisted it open, breaking it open.

-Bam!

"......."

This time, it's a body they should be able to recognize.

Now, as all four of us were expecting.

There was an unfamiliar face in there, though it was beginning to decay.

"Hey, warrior....... What the hell is wrong with you......."

Without a word, Ellen crawled out of the pit and handed the shovel to the superintendent.

"Fill the grave, and pretend you never heard or saw anything about this."

Seeing the warden and others frozen in place.

"Remember, everybody. Unless you want to die young."

After digging a total of seven graves.

Ellen was now certain that every body in the national cemetery had been tampered with.

With that, Ellen gestures to her teammates.

"Let's go."

No more trips to the national cemetery.





Episode 602.





Ellen didn't explain anything to the people at the National Cemetery who were missing Earl.

They are too small to be involved in these things. It was better for their safety to know nothing.

After exiting the national cemetery, Ellen dried off her dirt-covered clothes.

Everyone was in disarray.

"We still don't know what happened, but we do know a few things."

And it was Ellen, not anyone else, who was the most confused.

"But the Empire is doing something with the bodies. Or at least they're aware of it. That much is certain."

It's impossible to say for sure whether all of the problems that occurred were caused by the Empire or not. However, it is highly unlikely that the Empire was unaware of what was happening at the National Cemetery.

Ellen looks up at the snowy sky.

Many clues begin to move in the right direction in the face of a decisive truth.

The ones that aren't may not be, but the ones that are will still give you clues to move in a certain direction.

"I get it now."

Ellen looks at Ludwig.

"Why Archbishop Rowen approached you."

"Okay......?"

"Yes."

Why Rowen approached the archbishop.

On the first day, there was a lot of speculation.

Rowen knew the cause of the gate, so he could use Ludwig to get to Ellen and do her harm, or so the theory goes.

Ellen suspected that Rowen's approach to Ludwig must have been for some other purpose entirely unrelated to this incident, perhaps related to the eradication of the Mercenary Order.

But that reasoning is overturned in the face of a truth that was unthinkable yesterday.

Realizing that the Empire might be behind these things.

Ellen realizes why Rowen approached Ludwig.

"He wasn't trying to hurt me through you, he wanted to investigate this case through you."

All of Rowen's actions were pointing in the same direction.

An incident in the catacombs of the saints.

It was part of a way to track down the case.

Ellen's words left Ludwig completely clueless.

"How can I......?"

Ellen points south of the ecliptic.

Something you can't see through the flurry of snow, but something beyond.

"It was important that you were a Temple student."

Temples.

"Because very few people are allowed to enter the temple."

Those who can come and go as they please do not realize how difficult it is to enter a temple and how nearly impossible it is to infiltrate it.

It's not a place where just anyone can get in.

In the first place, even when the Temple was up and running, it had strict access control.

"He wanted to know what was going on in the Temple through you."

Rowen had approached Ludwig for that purpose.

She cannot enter the temple herself.

"Wait, wait, wait....... What the hell does Temple have to do with this......?"

At Ludwig's question, Ellen sighed softly.

"Let's go to Hogwarts."

Ellen walks straight ahead.

"Then, you'll know."

In the face of the definitive truth, you finally know what happened and what it all means.

Many of the puzzles were nearing completion.

So it's clear where to go.

Temple College of Magic.

What the heck were those guards doing standing there like they were guarding a major secret.

Now I had a pretty good idea.

Louise followed Ellen's lead, her expression hardening into something else.

'I'm....... Why?'

If something is going on in the temple and access is strictly controlled.

The Empire would have to hide this from anyone.

He wondered why he had been allowed into the Temple at all: he might learn of the Empire's weaknesses or its secrets, and he was on the verge of doing just that.

Why the hell did they let me in.

Louise couldn't figure it out.

But in the end, the path is clear.

"Wait."

With that thought, Louise stopped in her tracks.

Ellen, Heinrich, and Ludwig look at Louise, who has a stony expression on her face.

"If the Temple College of Magic has....... If what we're after is really there....... If it is the Empire that is behind these things....... Are you saying it was the Empire that killed Archbishop Rowen?"

"......Maybe."

"The Empire has sent a priest to......?"

"Rowen figured out that the Empire was behind what happened at the Crusader cemetery, and he must have known they were doing something inside the Temple, so he approached Ludwig."

Rowen knew something, and he tried to get Ludwig to investigate the temple.

"And I'm sure the Empire noticed, and they killed Rowen and everyone else in that Inquisitor's temple."

An inquisitor getting closer to truths he shouldn't know.

The Empire would have had no choice but to take action against her.

However, I don't understand the Empire's overzealousness in desecrating the graves of the saints.

But with the clues strongly pointing to the Empire being at the center of this, there was no room for second thoughts.

"The Empire must already know what we're up to. I went to the College of Magic yesterday."

"......Yes."

It was all figured out, albeit for a different reason, the moment he reached the neighborhood of the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry in search of Anna de Guerna.

"From the moment we decided to look into this, the Empire could have known everything we did."

"Maybe......."

If the Empire was at the center of this, and no one else, they would have been watching everywhere they went and everything they did.

The ecliptic is the domain of empires, and temples are a key part of them.

When I was researching this, they told me that they had to be careful because the beasts that killed Rowen might come after them.

However, from the moment he decided to look into the case, the Empire would have already known his every move.

Stop by the temple on fire.

Stop by the Crusader High Priestess.

To the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

Visit a national cemetery.

Every one of those steps would have been read.

And now we're closer to the truth.

"Was it because you were included that we couldn't do anything about it......."

If the Beast is the Empire and not some other group, it can never touch Ellen.

Because, after all, Ellen is Ellen.

The Empire may be helpless in its pursuit of these four.

I don't know about anyone else, but since Ellen is one of those trackers, the Empire can't do anything about it.

Louise had already decided to dip her toe in the water, and she was willing to take some risks.

But it's also going head-to-head with an empire.

Walking away at the right time was never an option. The empire was watching from the start.

Investigating a murder, and keeping a warrior safe.

She thought it was her first priority, but now that she realizes the empire is deeply entangled in this matter, she has unwittingly become entangled in something that could determine the fate of the Schwarz family.

Looking at Louise, who suddenly has to make a very big decision, Ellen says simply: "I'm not going to do this.

"I'll protect you somehow."

"......?"

"Yes."

Ellen nodded slowly.

Ruiz said that Ellen's work is humanity's work.

Ellen is fully aware of what Louise has risked to help her.

So, in the same way, Ellen will protect Louise for helping her.

The Schwarzes had no choice but to defend themselves.

All four of them have very important secrets, or suspicions, about the Empire.

Massive denial.

We return to the template to figure it out.

The Temple was their home, but now that they know something strange and dangerous is going on there, they can't help but return to it with a different mindset.



* * *



Back at the temple, the group headed straight for the College of Magic.

As long as it's clear where you're going, you should be able to see what's happening there.

The location that was off-limits for a completely different reason was actually very relevant to the case.

And everyone could see that there was someone in the space where no one should be.

A person sitting still, in the falling snow, with an umbrella slung over their shoulder.

"Lord Tana."

"......."

Saviolin Tana.

She sat alone on the bench, watching Ellen and her group as they approached under the umbrella.

She gets up from the bench without a word.

Somehow, it was as if they knew they were coming and had been waiting.

"Did you know I was coming?"

"I was hoping it wouldn't come to ......."

Savior Tana stands still and looks at Ellen.

"Because if you come back here, you've already learned something."

If I didn't know any better, I wouldn't be back on this road to Hogwarts.

If I know something, and I know there is something, I will find this path again.

That's why Saviolin Tana was at the crossroads.

Hoping that Ellen won't come.

"If I told you to tell me nothing more, you'd know that the Empire was involved in this, and I'd rather you didn't. But three days. Only....... Three days."

Saviolin Tana blows out a white breath.

"That's too fast, Ellen."

Watching Ellen come face to face with a truth she shouldn't have known so soon, Savior Tana was saddened that she could only admire her ability to execute and act.

Saviolin Tana looks next to her, not at Ellen this time.

Louise von Schwarz.

"Your Highness the Princess."

"......."

"I didn't expect you to repay the Emperor's favors in this way."

Louise von Schwarz stared at such a viola tana with wide eyes.

Emperor's Favor.

That's not the only thing that makes it possible to enter the temple.

In the first place, it was the Emperor who advised Heinrich that he would have to kill his brothers to save them.

Saviolin Tana asks if it's fair to ignore the Emperor's favor and come all this way to learn the secrets of the Empire.

At that, Louise's brow narrows.

"I realize that I'm not in a position to discuss righteousness and humanity."

By the time I killed my siblings with my own hands, I had already abandoned Tian Lun.

"You do realize that I am not here to probe the Empire's weaknesses. Lord Tana."

Saviolin Tana sees Heinrich and Ludwig behind her.

"Whatever you see is coincidence, whatever you know is illusion, whatever you imagine is delusion."

"You may not accept it, but that's the way it is."

"I'd rather live without knowing, because knowing won't change anything."

"In the world."

"There are things that hurt to know."

"Some things are sadder when you know."

"Ellen."

"You are well aware of that."

"After this, there's nothing you need to know."

"I'm just asking you to accept that and back off."

"If you find out, you'll only be sharing a sin that's hard to bear."

"You don't have to do that."

Ellen's eyes widened at that.

What it would hurt to know.

Rather sad, I know.

That's all there is to it now.

Knowing the truth is better than not knowing.

It's not like nothing is happening.

You're doing something.

Something terrible is about to happen and probably already has.

It's better to know the truth than to share the guilt.

But to go home knowing nothing.

Already knowing too much of the sad truth, Ellen could not help but hesitate at Savior Tana's heartfelt request.

Although her demeanor is forceful, Savior Tana is clearly appealing to Ellen and the other three.

Back off.

Seriously.

"There's no way I can just go back to......."

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"What the hell....... What are you doing with those people who were pitiful just to be dead....... What are you doing with them? They didn't even get to die in peace, and you're still doing that after they're dead......."

"I can't justify it. I don't want to justify it, and I'm not in a position to do so."

Saviolin Tana's tone was cold and detached.

"So, let's keep it simple."

Saviolin Tana stands in the middle of the sidewalk with an umbrella.

The only one on the continent to reach the realm of Grandmaster.

Her strength exceeds that of the warrior Ellen Artorius, and it is cautiously estimated that she may be of equal or greater power than Ellen at full strength.

She doesn't have a single Holy Grail, and she's been on more difficult or dangerous missions than Ellen, who has two Holy Grails, and she's still alive.

"I shouldn't know about this. I'd rather not know, so that when this all comes to light later, I can use the fact that I didn't know anything as an exculpation."

"Are you saying that if we knew what you were doing, we would be forced to be silent?"

"Yeah, because I'm doing what I have to do."

Tana nodded at Ellen's question.

Don't feel compelled to share your guilt; it's better to keep what you don't know than what you do know.

"This isn't about me and the empire, it's about you."

These are the people who feel guilty and responsible for even knowing what happened.

When all is said and done. The only way to escape blame is to not know.

To know the truth and be a silent sympathizer, or to pass up the opportunity to know and then later say you didn't know anything when all the facts are revealed.

A warrior should know none of this.

Because heroes are the hope of the people.

Because when some evil is revealed, it should be someone who has nothing to do with it.

The warrior must be an absolute good.

So it's better not to know.

"You know."

Ellen says still.

"Just because I don't know this much doesn't mean I can buy myself a pass."

"You're not even going to buy it. You know that."

"If it hurts to know, you already know a lot."

"I don't know how much harder it's going to be for me to be called a warrior by others before it gets harder and more exhausting than it already is."

"I mean, it doesn't hurt to know a little more."

"Step aside. Lord Tana."

"I need to know what's going on."

Louise listened in silence to Ellen's meaningful words.

The truth you shouldn't know.

Indulgences.

Some things people don't know about the Gate debacle.

Louise and Heinrich couldn't help but notice that Ellen was talking about him.





Episode 603.





Saviolin Tana looks at Ellen with sad eyes.

The conversation is not working.

In the end, then, there is only one recourse left to each other.

"I don't want to hurt you."

Saviolin Tana says.

"That's the same for me."

Ellen's response.

What they say to each other already shows how they feel about each other.

They revealed that they both thought they had the upper hand.

It may seem like we're crossing into the realm of childish ego battles, but after all, these are two of the most dominant players on the continent.

Is Ellen Artorius stronger, or is Saviorin Tana stronger?

"......."

"......."

They stare at each other in silence.

Eventually, they can't help but double-check their spacing.

Am I stronger.

Is the opponent stronger.

"Ellen......."

Heinrich looks at Ellen in a cold sweat.

It's one thing to know what the Empire is up to, but it's another thing entirely to have Savior Tana and Ellen cross swords with each other.

"It's okay, I'm not going to kill you."

At Ellen's arrogant remark, Heinrich, of course. Saviolin Tana smiles subtly.

"You're capable of provocation."

"......I wasn't provocative, I was just stating a fact."

Ellen says still.

"If you don't get out of the way right now."

-Woof

Ellen's entire body begins to surge with blue energy.

"Expect it to hurt."

"......."

Do not use swords.

Tana sighs at how cute that sounds.

"You mean you're not going to use holy water?"

Voidblade Lament.

Cloak of the Sun Rapelt.

The sight of them, both unarmored, about to go toe-to-toe, is rather disconcerting to Savior Tana.

"You don't need it."

"I don't think so."

Saviolin Tana scowls, as if you'd even touch my toes without the unreasonable power of a holy object.

I was trying to stop Ellen.

The arrogance of trying to stand before him without even a holy object.

Seriously, that attitude pissed off Saviolin Tana.

"I'll take that back."

Saviolin Tana tosses the umbrella she was using aside.

"If you don't back off now......."

-curl!

Saviolin Tana's entire body emanates a storm of magic that blows away the snow.

Saviolin Tana's tousled hair, having stirred up a storm with nothing more than a magical shockwave, settles into stillness once more.

Her piercing eyes glare at Ellen.

"I'll make sure you don't get out of bed until winter is over."

"Try it."

"Heck......."

-Thump!

In the rush of the moment, Savior Tana was already in front of Ellen's nose.

"You don't say a word!"

-Bam!

"......!"

一拳 (一拳).

Taking a direct hit, Ellen bounced off the street, smashing into a tree, while Heinrich and Ludwig, minus Louise, were swept off their feet in the aftermath.

"Don't be needlessly arrogant."

Saviolin Tana said as she walked over to Ellen in the woods.

"Take out the holy relic."

At Ellen's arrogance in trying to put her on equal footing without a holy object, Saviolin Tana was genuinely outraged.

In the midst of those broken trees, something suddenly flies.

'eye......?'

A snowball hurtled toward them, and Savior Tana dodged it with a quick shake of her head.

"Are you kidding me......!"

For a moment, Boogahmintana flirts with Tana.

She could already see Ellen bending at the waist through the rising dust.

Kick back.

-Quack!

"......cough!"

Struck by a wild, spinning kick, Saviolin Tana blocked it with her upper arm, but was forced to take several large steps to the side.

"I don't need it."

A calm-faced Ellen began to lunge at Tana, who had bounced away.

That moment when you're not really trying to kill each other, but it's about to become an emotional fight.

-That's it!

The fight came to an abrupt halt at the sound of a distant cry, familiar to both of them.

"......bertus."

"Your Majesty......."

The emperor was approaching in the distance, trudging through the snow.



* * *



Bertus's sudden appearance put a stop to the dogfight between two of humanity's greatest powers.

And then, without explanation or explanation to anyone, they just slipped past heavy security and sat him down in the lobby of Hogwarts.

Including Louise von Schwarz.

"......."

"......."

Ellen and Saviolin Tana stare at the floor, mouths agape.

"I told her to tie up Ellen if she tried to come in, but I don't think I told her to punch me."

"......that. I'm sorry, Your Majesty."

Saviolin Tana was about to say that she was a great player who would step down because she played well, but then she shut up.

Bertus looks at Ellen, who is speechless.

"You don't have to be so....... Yeah....... because you're not here for anything good."

Bertus looks out at the assembled group.

Ellen isn't the only one, there's Ludwig and Heinrich, and even a princess from the Empire.

Bertus looks at them, then back at Ellen.

"Do I really, really need to know?"

In the end, the emperor says the same thing that Savior Tana said.

"I'll tell you what, even if you tell me not to do it, I'm still going to do it, and nothing is going to change."

"......."

"So it's just a matter of knowing."

"You should know."

Ellen says.

"I have a duty to know."

A duty to know, not a right to know.

Bertus couldn't help but smile bitterly, for it was clear that the words spoke of the responsibility Ellen felt.

"If this isn't just a bad thing, then I want to know more. What is it doing and why is it necessary. I need to know."

When Bertus saw Ellen's unyielding attitude, he had no choice but to give up.

"......Yes."

Then, you see someone else, not Ellen.

"I'd rather not."

Louise had no idea why Bertus was looking at her and saying that.

"And let me tell you something."

Bertus looks everyone in the face and says.

"I didn't kill Rowen."

"......what?"

Just when you think it's all over, something comes out of Bertus' mouth that turns the whole premise on its head.

"Believe it or not, there's nothing I can do about it."

It's only through a series of terrible coincidences that Ellen got here.

In the first place, the theft of the remains from the Crusader underground had nothing to do with the Empire.

"So who....... killed the priest?"

Ludwig's eyes widened at the sudden sound.

We've come this far in our pursuit of Rowen's death, but unless Bertus had something to do with it, this isn't over yet.

So who the hell was Rowen murdered by?

"I don't know."

Either they really don't know, or they're pretending not to.

No one would ever know the truth.



* * *



"Calling an emergency meeting?

'Yes, the Five Popes say they have urgent business to discuss. They are gathered before the High Priest of Als.'

Elayon Bolton had now left the High Hall of the Crusaders and arrived at the High Hall of Alth.

Of the five main religions, only Als has a high temple in the ecliptic.

Since the Crusade is the center of power for the five major orders, the four popes, with the exception of the Pope of the Order of Alth, normally reside in the temples of their respective, more powerful orders.

Due to location and circumstance, it is customary for the Papal Conclave of the Five Great Houses to be held in the Great Hall of the Knights Templar. There is no better place for the symbolism and meaning.

However, the fact that the Five Great Patriarchs were holding an emergency meeting, and the location was the Great Hall of Alth, put Elayon Bolton in a pretty strange mood.

Why do you call yourself here?

But in the end, technically, the head of the Crusader Knights is subordinate to the popes.

It was Elion Bolton's duty to go where he was called.

Even so, you've got a lot on your plate.

I was also uncomfortable with the idea of not knowing what the popes were up to.

This was an emergency meeting, so there was no agenda and no attendants.

Although it had fallen from grace along with the Tuan Cult, the Daijiajie was still a formidable force to be reckoned with, and no passerby was quick to point fingers at the Daijiajie.

Elayon Bolton arrives at the Great Hall of Als alone and enters.

A conference room on the top floor of the former Great Hall of Als.

'I bequeathed people....... '.

As soon as he reached the upper levels, where there were no wandering priests or paladins, Elayon Bolton felt a chill down the back of his neck.

What we're talking about.

What's going on.

What if something happens?

After much deliberation, Elion Bolton opened the door to the top floor conference room, not so urgently, not so gracefully.

As in any conference room, there was a round table.

Unsurprisingly, the five popes are seated in the conference room. They stare at Elion Bolton as he appears.

There are five popes.

But Elion Bolton had forgotten to say yes to the popes, and his eyes were somewhere else.

In a room where there should have been only five popes, there was one more person.

Sitting in a chair, looking at himself, smiling, is Elion Bolton.

Elion Bolton, who is never fazed by anything, could not help but go white in the face.

"Elion Bolton."

"You are......!"

"Three years, maybe."

There, there was Reinhard, the devil himself.

Back in the days of human camouflage.

Reinhardt sat there impassively.

Reinhardt gestures to the chair in front of Elion Bolton.

"What are you doing? Sit down."

He sounded arrogant, like he owned the place.



* * *



The Death Knight we created.

Chimeric Homunculus undead created by the Empire.

It was a similar direction from the beginning.

We needed to resupply our Death Knights, so we needed bodies.

But at that point, we didn't realize that the Empire was doing something similar.

It wasn't until I replenished my Death Knights in the Cemetery of Saints that I began to see what the Empire was doing.

I was concerned about that, just in case.

The Crusaders follow the case and inadvertently discover what the Empire is doing.

After Bertus told me what happened, I spoke with him briefly.

"We're already tracking it, we're being careful, but you never know what's going to happen.

Naturally, the Crusaders would want to investigate what had happened in their territory.

There was no reason to cover up or hide the site in the first place.

If they find out that I'm responsible for what happened there, so what.

But in a bizarre twist, events took a turn that might lead to the Empire's best-kept secret.

We're the ones who did it, but it's the Empire that gets caught.

Soon, my actions would have a weird butterfly effect, and the empire would fall apart.

But there was nothing I could do about it, so I decided to stay in the temple and see what happened.

And Archbishop Rowen is dead.

I didn't believe Ludwig's claim that the people in the refugee camp killed Rowen in the first place, any more than Ellen did.

Ludwig and the archbishop-level priest who was working to cleanse the city of the disease are dead.

There had to be something.

Unlike Ellen, who was obviously just beginning her investigation at that point, I knew most of the truth behind the story.

The death of Archbishop Rowen is likely no ordinary occurrence.

Naturally, the first place I went was to Bertus.

Through Sarkegar, we were able to meet up with them in a way that was scary to arrange.

Bertus already knew about this.

"No?

"Yeah, it's not us.

Bertus said the events at the temple were not the work of the Empire.

"You're right about the question of whether to handle it or not.

'......Troubled?

'It's the Inquisitor. The one.'

Of course, Bertus already knew something I didn't.

'I found out yesterday, too, that Ludwig was probably approached on purpose. He can't get into the Temple, so I think he's trying to do something about it....... I'm as puzzled as you are.'

Rowen was an Inquisitor, and naturally, he was investigating what had happened to the Crusaders.

He realizes that Temple has a connection to the missing body, though it's not quite the same thing, and he gets a hold of Ludwig's ID and deliberately approaches him.

Bertus was on top of it.

The Inquisitor, eager to get to the truth, tried to use Ludwig against him.

But suddenly it died.

Bertus was equally baffled by the situation.

I, too, was thinking that it was very likely the Empire that killed Rowen.

Given that Rowen was an Inquisitor, was pursuing a case, and had the Temple in mind, the Empire had every reason to kill him to silence him.

But the empire is not the culprit.

"I'm not sure why, but it could be a purge.

"......What? Purge?

It was a moot point.

"Reinhard, listen to me.

Bertus' story was long, but the gist of it was simple.

That the Five Great Houses may have different minds.

The popes of each denomination, to be precise.

'What....... bullshit......?'

When Bertus told me that, I couldn't help but freeze.

'Are they....... getting ready to take my side?

"Maybe.

Betrayal on Bertus' part.

To me, it's either move on or surrender.

"I don't know which side the dead priest was on, but it's happened and we can't stop the flow.

'.......'

"The Order and the Crusaders might split, there might be a civil war, and that would complicate things even more.

'Then what....... What should I do?

"We have to stop them. Until this whole Gate thing is over, I'm not letting anyone bleed over this.

That was something Bertus could not do. It was something only I could do.

"Do you know what you're talking about?

At my question, Bertus smiled bitterly.

"You never know.

'.......'

I couldn't say anything.





Episode 604.





We don't know when Ellen will get to the truth. But it was clear that Ellen was going to find out a lot more than she bargained for.

There's no stopping Ellen.

Something I did provoked the Crusaders, and someone digging into the case to investigate it got a lead.

And was killed.

Tracking down an incident without knowing anything is bound to take a long time.

The culprits are never caught, but Ellen is about to learn a very unpleasant truth.

We don't know what judgment Ellen would make in the face of that truth.

I can't get in Ellen's way.

So, I do what I have to do.

So now.

"Why....... are you here?"

I watched as the crusader leader shook with fear.

"Well, I didn't think I'd be sitting here either until a few days ago."

My first contact was with the Pope of the Order of Als.

At the convened meeting, I confirmed the support of the other four popes for my candidacy.

And finally.

Elayon Bolton, Crusader Knight Commander.

"I think we can all agree, even if it was my people who caused the Gate, I didn't want it to happen. You know that, don't you?"

"The five great and sublime popes have now recognized my intentions, and they have agreed to support me in the future, though they cannot do so openly....... So we'll negotiate behind the scenes, until the time is right."

"I wish you would have trusted me sooner, but it's sad that trust can only be earned after the fact, but what the heck, that was then, this is now."

"Okay, we're going to make this a solid, sticky, tight relationship."

"There will be no more division, no more infighting, no more eye-rolling, because you're tired, that sort of thing."

"Now trust me, your prophet, and empty your brains."

"You're the only one left, Crusader."

The look on Elayon Bolton's face as he listened to the story of how, unbeknownst to him, the leaders of the Order had already turned to the Devil's side.

He looked like he'd lost everything overnight.

"You know, if you refuse, it's going to tear the Grand Master and the Templars apart, and even within the Templars, it's going to tear them apart into factions that support the Pope and factions that support the Grand Master."

"Are you willing to gamble with the fate of humanity and the Order?"

"Or do you want to just come in here under me and pretend nothing happened?"

"You like that."

"Status quo."

I never thought I would have to make a threat like this.

Elion Bolton is not without veto power.

It's just that if you refuse, you won't die alone.

There will be a civil war, and a civil war is the end of humanity.

If you start screaming about how there's a demon in the ecliptic, you're going to cause chaos across the entire ecliptic, not just the Order.

If you come under me, you betray humanity.

But if you don't get under my skin, humanity may cease to exist.

He has to think about something he never thought about until he walked into the room.

In a short period of time, he will put a lot of things on the scale and put them down.

Elion Bolton is not a big fan of change.

But that's not technically the point.

If you don't like change, there's an underlying fear and reluctance to disrupt. Hence the status quo.

I want it.

But when you realize that everything is bound to change.

When you realize that it's impossible not to change.

"......No options."

They change more easily than anyone else in the world.

Elayon Bolton stares at me, his eyes burning with hatred for the five popes who handed everything over to him.

"What do you want, demon?"

"I told you, the status quo you like."

But once again, my ramblings raised eyebrows, not only at Elion Bolton, but also at the five popes.

"......what?"

"That's all you need to do."

I am here to stop the feud between the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses.

It's just that it eats them up.

The popes were preparing to join me, and the Crusader leader was uncomfortable with the move.

You will then need to raise one of your hands.

The Empire can't lift the hand of a Crusader Templar. It would cause a backlash from the popes.

But I can support the popes. The popes can override any pushback from the Crusaders.

"What, did you think I was going to come out and say I want to wipe out the human race, so kill them all, because that's not going to happen."

"......."

"Keep it this way. There's no need to set up a conflict in the empire. I'll be the liver or the gallbladder for those of you who want to be the liver and the gallbladder, so to speak."

All that talk of swallowing them up is just talk.

There is only one reason why the popes were willing to change, and only one reason why they really did.

They know I have no intention of turning against humanity. They know I'm not going to ask them to do anything crazy.

It's just taking advantage of me.

"So let's get this out of the way and get to the most important thing."

You can gain the cooperation of the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses. And if you want to rule, you can rule. But that is not possible right now.

And these serpentine old papists will treat me like the traitor of the century again when they decide I've outlived my usefulness and the Empire is stronger.

It's not exactly gross and disgusting.

It flips like the palm of your hand depending on the power dynamic.

If you're weak, you'll be ignored; if you're strong, you'll be ignored.

Right now, they don't really know what the empire is doing.

That's why I'm trying to take my side. The Devil himself and his forces believe they can erase humanity at any time.

And it's true.

Elion Bolton realized that the situation was irreversible, and he was faced with a situation where he had to think long and hard, but only short.

So I figured he should cooperate with me, no matter how he felt about it.

More importantly.

"Rowen, did you kill him?"

The real killer of Rowen.

I want to know it.

Was she purged, as Bertus said?

"No."

Elion Bolton shakes his head.

"I didn't kill him."

The Empire did not kill Rowen.

Bertus raised the possibility of a purge.

But the popes said they didn't do it.

"That's weird, even the popes here said they didn't do it, so unless you're the culprit. Who the hell killed Rowen?"

The leader of the Crusaders says he didn't do it.

"I tried to kill him, that's a fact."

The popes' expressions couldn't help but change.

"But I didn't kill Rowen, though I don't know about the other interrogators."

"Hmmm....... That means......."

There are a number of possibilities, but unless they're lying, this is the most likely one.

"No way, he's not dead?"

That's right, self-inflicted.

"That's right. The body was a fake with a face mask on."

Rowen is not dead.



* * *



A fire has broken out on site.

That was weird.

The whole time, it bothered me.

That's overly conspicuous.

If it's a purge, it should be stealthy and all evidence should be destroyed.

But if Elion Bolton or the Popes had tried to purge Rowen, the fire should not have happened.

Fire draws too much attention to itself.

So if this is a purge, there shouldn't have been a fire.

But a fire broke out, and an unspecified number of people saw the temple on fire. So the looters came in droves.

And Ludwig saw it, and it reached Ellen, and now she's after the truth.

"Yeah....... I mean, it's almost like the fire was started in hopes that someone would find out that they were torturing civilians to death in the basement of the temple."

A fire breaks out, and civilians enter to loot the temple. The horrific sight of the basement goes unnoticed by the civilians, partly because no looters are crazy enough to go into the basement of a burning building, and partly because Elion Bolton is quick on the uptake.

But in the end, there was no stopping Ellen, even if she did see the basement.

It was an attention-grabbing incident in the first place.

It's not impossible that the Crusaders and Popes are lying right in front of me.

But it's very odd that they ended up forcing it into the spotlight.

And Rowen's body was fake in the first place.

Inquisitor Rowen is alive and well.

"Why were you keeping that a secret?"

The Pope of the Cult of Tuan asked, glaring at the leader of the Crusader Knights.

"You've never even hinted to me that the popes would make a deal like this if they had the chance."

The Pope of the Tuan Order, as well as the others, grew sullen at the mention of a subject who had betrayed mankind and had been labeled a demon.

"A new....... This is also a decision for the good of humanity......."

"Shut up."

I'm the one who said that, not Elion Bolton.

Disgusting assholes.

They've gotten under my skin, and it doesn't look good.

I don't want to clean up traffic.

I just want to get this over with and get back to eating Ellen's jerky.

"So it's true that you tried to kill Rowen, but I don't know the details, but you failed to do so?"

"Yeah."

In response, the Pope of the Order of Tuan glares at Elayon Bolton.

"Captain, why did you want to kill Archbishop Rowen in the first place?"

Even if Rowen didn't die in the end, we know that Elion Bolton tried and failed to kill her.

"I ordered them to stop all investigations, but they didn't listen."

"......."

At that, the popes all fell silent.

Of course, Elion Bolton knows what he's talking about.

If you mess with the empire, you'll be in trouble.

After returning to the ecliptic, Elayon Bolton would have updated Rowen, who would have been in charge of the case, on the progress of the investigation.

The empire is suspicious.

Elion Bolton's orders would have been simple. Dig no more.

"I think it's safe to say that digging for an empire at this time of year is not a very good idea....... I'm sure you'll agree."

The five popes looked uncomfortable, but that didn't stop them from directly refuting Elion Bolton's statement.

The popes think about joining me, but that doesn't mean they want to fight the Empire.

An incident in the basement of the Crusaders' Great War.

Tracking it down, Lowen realized that the Empire might be the culprit. So he approached Ludwig.

But when Elayon Bolton found out, he tried to stop Rowen, believing that messing with the Empire would destroy the entire Order.

But Rowen disobeyed the Crusader leader's orders.

Elayon Bolton had a plan to purge his men who would touch the powder keg, and he carried it out.

"Loyal as a dog, and then there's a case of obvious foul play and they won't let me investigate it, they even tried to purge me......."

He would have seen his men killed by the Crusaders, not any other faction, with his own eyes.

"If your eyes don't roll, that's a weird situation."

I could see Elion Bolton gritting his teeth as I spoke.

The other Inquisitors are almost certainly dead, and the paladins sent by Elayon Bolton for the purge are almost certainly dead to Rowen.

It's no wonder you feel betrayed by the Five Great Houses.

Rowen disguised one of the corpses as himself, set the temple on fire, and fled. By faking his death and fleeing, he bought himself some time.

I have no idea what you're going to do with all that extra time.

At the end of the day, Elion Bolton's behavior is at the center of this case.

But what if I were Elion Bolton?

The Empire had nothing to do with the theft of the Crusaders' underground remains, but they were powering the bodies of their fallen.

Just digging into the case creates friction with the empire.

It's dangerous enough to pry into the empire, and Rowen would have argued that he had no choice but to pry into this case.

In the end, Elayon Bolton was only half successful in his purge. He killed all of Rowen's men, but failed to kill Rowen himself.

Half of them failed, and Rowen disappeared, leaving only a fake corpse behind.

"Whatever happens next, it doesn't change the fact that it's my fault. I wasn't perfect."

The Crusader leader made what he thought was the best choice, but in the end he was unable to kill Rowen.

No one knows what kind of ripples it will cause.

"I don't know what Rowen is going to do, but we need....... Coincidentally, we need you the most."

What are you talking about.

Do you need me?

It wasn't Elion Bolton who answered.

"I don't know what the Devil thinks, but....... Rowen was a radical."

These were the words of the Pope of the Order of Tuan.

"Radicals?"

"Within the Cult, especially within the Tuan and Als, there are....... there are many such priests."

"What kind of priest is that?"

"Those who believe in the devil as a prophet."

"......?"

What is he saying?

"There are quite a few people who believe that the devil is the true prophet."

What the heck does that mean?

"It's not just the two denominations."

These were the words of the Pope of the Order of the Ritter.

"On that day, the paladins and priests who saw you in the temple....... You know they were no small number."

Even Elion Bolton said it.

"They were high-ranking paladins and priests of the Order, and Rowen was among them."

I didn't want a gate situation.

The priests I saw explaining how to deal with the gate situation because it was too late.

Only high-ranking priests and paladins with proven divine powers and skills could be there in the first place.

The future of the church saw me as I was then.

That means they know as well as I do that I didn't really want a gate situation.

"Do you realize now that I didn't make this choice just to save face?"

While lower-level priests and paladins may not know, those at the highest levels of the Church are bound to know the truth of the Gate situation to some degree.

Therefore, you must be perceiving yourself differently than the world perceives you.

"Archbishop Rowen, among others, has been quite supportive of you."

The upper echelons of the Five Great Houses were being filled with my followers.

Psychologically, there were more and more people supporting me than the empire.

If the popes are going to be on my side, it's not just their judgment.

It was inevitable: public opinion.





Episode 605.





I've gotten used to people who don't know me hating me, hating me. I thought it was inevitable.

But this time it's the opposite.

People who didn't know me were worshipping and loving me. Even within the Order of the Five Great Houses.

Just as Ellen is hailed as a warrior, they see me as the rightful champion of Als and Tuan, even if I don't have the world's recognition.

Quite a few people have seen me make my closing arguments.

Those who belonged to the Five Great Houses were high-ranking clerics and paladins of the Order, and they knew that the Gate was caused by my men, but apart from that, they knew that I did not wish it.

It was inevitable, then, that I would develop some supporters within the church.

Rowen was a radical among them.

In the first place, if there are radicals, there are moderates.

If you're a moderate who believes the devil had his reasons.

The radical is the one who says the devil is absolutely right.

That's assuming they both support me in the first place.

Does that mean that at some point, the majority of the higher-ups support me?

The popes didn't betray humanity, they just went with the flow?

Suffice it to say that even Elion Bolton, who was busy on the battlefield, is no stranger to this.

The Five Great Houses had been waiting for me to show up, and they had been my de facto supporters for some time.

"The radicals' claim that....... what?"

"It's not you, it's the empire and humanity that caused all this."

Those who didn't believe in me.

Is the argument that I'm responsible for all the people who didn't trust me, assuming I'm not at fault?

"Some of them, they want the empire to collapse."

In the end, it's the same thing.

Hold someone accountable.

It's just that it's not me.

Rowen was a believer in me.

And he was an empire-hater.

He tried to investigate the Empire's corruption, but the Crusaders stopped him and even tried to kill him.

"Rowen would have hated me, beyond the Empire, for not allowing him to reveal his corruption......."

Fire.

I was going to show the spectacle to someone.

I wanted an unspecified number of people to see it.

"You must now hate and distrust me and the Church."

Radicals are those who believe that empire is not only responsible, but humanity is also responsible.

That would mean that the Five Great Houses of God could never be clean. There would have been paladins, priests, and popes in their place.

What if we told you that the temples of the ill-regarded Tuan Cult were capturing, killing, and torturing civilians?

Otherwise, the abomination would have gone mad.

And the empire wouldn't be sleeping.

Without people, there would be no empire, and the empire would have to fall to the sword of the Five Great Houses.

"If we almost had a civil war in the ecliptic....... Is that too much of a stretch?"

At my words, Elion Bolton nods.

"Not necessarily, but it would have been a possibility."

From the beginning, Rowen was an Imperial Responsibilityist who went beyond investigating the case and basically held the Empire responsible for everything.

Elion Bolton would have seen Rowen as dangerous and would have wanted to eliminate him. Rowen would have wanted to bring down the empire if he had the chance.

As such, it was probably in the Crusader leader's best interest to purge Rowen. Left unchecked, the friction between the Order and the Empire could have turned into real bloodshed. Rowen was the kind of person who would rather detonate a bomb than avoid it, so it's not hard to see why Elayon Bolton's decision made sense.

If you leave Rowen alone, you do something dangerous.

So the fact that he tried and failed to do so would have made Rowen even more dangerous.

It's strange to hope that Rowen will stay sane after the Order he's been loyal to his entire life has tried to take his head.

That's what Elion Bolton means when he says you need me.

Rowen considers me a prophet, which means that when I meet with him, everything is solved.

We need to find Rowen.

Before you do something I don't want you to do, in the name of doing it for me.



* * *



Bertus led Ellen and the others to the underground laboratories of the Temple College of Magic.

It was a horrible sight.

Everyone watched what was happening underground.

Reanimated corpse, reanimating corpse.

Where they are now, what they're doing, and how they're going to be electrified.

Ellen, Ludwig, Louise, and Heinrich could all see what the demon had seen the other day.

Everyone was speechless.

Not just warriors, but heroes from the past who are long dead.

Saw it.

"Like I said, I have no intention of scrapping this plan, no matter what you guys say."

Bertus eventually told me everything, and then nailed me to the wall that he was going to do what he said he was going to do.

"So if someone dies in the future, you're going to keep bringing them back this way?"

Ellen asks, and Bertus nods.

That means a lot of things.

Even if Ellen dies.

This means that if Saviolin Tana dies, we will bring her back to life and send her into battle.

This shouldn't be happening.

But at the end of the day, what is a corpse worth other than its weight in gold?

If you can use something like that, you should, right?

"Ashardo....... This is how you brought him back?"

Looks nothing like a living person.

If you can come back to life and speak and remember the same way you did when you were alive, then you're really alive.

At Ludwig's question, Bertus shook his head.

"Failed."

"You can't really bring back....... never happened......?"

"Yeah."

This is a half-hearted resurrection.

It can't be about electrification, it's about making weapons.

Delphine can't even find the body, so she can't even try.

What if you could really bring the dead back to life, not just in one piece, but with their memories intact.

A half-hearted resurrection, the mere fact that it was even halfway successful, leads to false hope.

Louis Ankton, Anna De Guerna, and Christina.

These three were the core of the study.

Ludwig says still.

"I want to see it."

"You better not look at ......."

As the Dettomorian said, find the ashram and you will know everything.

But we haven't reached Asher yet.

"If it failed, how did it fail......."

I have yet to see it in its full glory.

"I think you should see......."

Bertus looked at Ellen and Heinrich, who seemed to be of the same mind as Ludwig, and sighed deeply.



* * *



Not everyone needs to be away as much as they did when the devil came, so all four of them stayed and watched the wizards go about their business.

You can't tell if they're an alchemist or a warlock by their outfit.

But they were doing what they had to do with a straight face.

If one evil wizard builds a dungeon and does horrible experiments in it, then if you do this on a national scale, you have hundreds of wizards doing horrible things.

An isolated area in an underground lab.

There, they were able to put a face to a name.

Christina.

Anna De Guerna.

Louis Ankton.

"You guys....... how......?"

Louis Ancton froze in his tracks at the sudden arrival of the Emperor, and Christina and Anna were equally surprised.

But I shouldn't have been surprised to see it in an unexpected place.

There was only one port in the quarantine zone.

"Is this Ashar......?"

Ludwig was looking at something in that port with a frozen expression.

The other bodies had been returned to life as if they were taxidermy, but with what could only be called a grotesque mass of flesh.

Ellen paled, Heinrich did the same, and Louise looked away with her mouth covered.

"What is this....... What is this....... This can't be Ashur. This is....... What did this do? What......."

Anna and Christina are both a bit taken aback by the sudden appearance of these people.

I realized that Bertus had granted me access, and I realized what was going on.

She always had an upbeat attitude.

But as if it were all a mask, inside the lab, he shook his head stoically.

"It just hasn't worked yet."

"What......?"

"There are still a lot of things we can try. I was able to talk a while ago. I was just doing what I was told, but apparently....... I could."

Anna and Louis were biting their lips at Christina's attitude.

I tried to revive my friend.

But it failed.

However, there are those who refuse to admit failure.

Something that's inside a port, but doesn't look like anything more than a trace of something.

Everyone sees it and calls it a failure, but there are those who still see the possibilities.

"Nothing is impossible."

It was possible to raise the dead halfway.

She asked why it was impossible to bring it back to life completely, and she believed she could do it.

Flimsy possibilities lead people to despair and false hope.

She lost her cool, mesmerized by the possibilities.

"If you're going to talk about failure, get out."

Inside the lab, Christina was a completely different person than she was outside. Faced with the possibility that she might be able to reverse her friend's death, she continued to touch Ashir's body.

After that failed, I tried a different approach, once again.

If that fails, another way.

Next.

You try dozens and dozens of times, thinking that one day you'll bring your dead friend back to life.

The result of all those attempts was this bizarre, chimerical mass.

Still, she had no intention of giving up.

Anna and Louis had already accepted failure, but Christina had not.

Ellen stares at the port with a stony expression.

It's an impossible task, but let's say you succeed.

Suppose you could bring the dead back to life.

If so, is there a place in the world for such a thing?

Ellen couldn't judge until then.

However.

I could tell that Christina, who had seemed fine in the garrison, had been broken long ago.

If you find yourself dead before the gate crisis is over, you may find yourself like this.

That you can fight even when you're dead.

That you can be a force for good, even after you've paid for your sins in death.

Should we be grateful for that, or despair?

But I never wanted to be a pile of flesh that didn't help anyone.

Ellen couldn't bear to see Christina in the midst of this horrible scene, desperately searching for hope where none existed.

"This is....... This is......."

There's something wrong with that.

Maybe I shouldn't be doing this.

In the end, there is only pain and despair for the living and the dead.

Already, Ellen could tell just by looking at her that Anna and Louis were reluctantly there, not to help with the research, but to shut Christina up.

Bertus tried to stop her, but he knew he couldn't.

It should stop.

It's only going to get crazier.

Find Ashur.

We find Ashur, but it's only a trail.

"Stop....... This is......."

Ellen says what everyone in the room wants to say.

Ellen pauses for a moment, and when she finally gets the words out, Christina turns and stares at her.

"Why?"

When Christina asks her to explain, Ellen stares at her.

"You know it won't work....... It's only going to make it harder on you......."

Ellen could already see the despair in Christina's abysmal, dark eyes.

This is not the look in the eyes of someone who is truly looking for hope.

This is not the look of someone who actually believes it's possible.

I couldn't resist, just in case.

You can't have the mechanical look of someone who is just hanging on because it's all they can do.

Even if it succeeds.

If you speak like Asher, and have Asher's memories, can you really say that you're alive?

But if you fumble with the memory, if you can say.

That's when it becomes something you really shouldn't do.

She was about to do just that.

Everyone is silent, but they agree with Ellen.

The fact that Anna and Louis, who must have been watching the whole time, were shaking their heads in sadness was proof enough.

You want her to stop, but you can't tell her to stop, so you're reluctantly helping her.

That stubbornness was destroying Christina and the other two in real time.

At Ellen's words that it's time to stop, Christina's abysmally deep eyes darken even more.

"You."

"This one here."

"Even if it was Reinhardt."

"Are you going to say that?"

On that note.

"......what?"

The mere mention of the name froze the air.





Episode 606.





No one would bring up the name Reinhardt in Ellen's presence, even if they were talking about demons.

Because everyone knows that's Ellen's backstory.

Just now, she crossed a taboo.

If it were Reinhardt and not Ashur who died, would you not try to bring him back, as I did?

From the look on his face as he said it.

I could tell from the look in her eyes that she already hated Ellen.

Nothing is hidden anymore in this horrible laboratory.

Malice.

Hate.

Hate.

Everything you've been hiding is revealed.

"What's that, and why?"

The corner of Christina's mouth twitches at Ellen's comment.

"You and Reinhardt had a special relationship."

"......."

"That's what I'm thinking right now. Isn't that right?"

Ellen's eyes widened, and everyone held their breath.

Everyone in Royal Class knows that it pains Ellen to even hear the name, much less to be told that she'll have to fight the Devil someday.

No one brought it up in front of Ellen and directly provoked her.

It was the first time she'd ever said that directly.

Things that had been hanging on by a thread were falling apart.

In a disgusting, horrifying, and terrifying sight.

The boundaries of truth that we've been pretending not to know collapse.

"Christina, calm down."

A lesser Bertus approached Christina, but she shook her head.

"Me, I just heard about that the other day."

Christina grits her teeth and glares at Ellen.

"All of this because of just a few people."

"......."

"Surely, it wasn't the devil."

"......."

"Do you have anything to say about that?"

Christina glares at Ellen as if demanding an answer.

Someone you already know.

But there are still people who don't know.

What she doesn't realize is that she has to lie to them.

"No ......."

"Really?"

There is someone in this room who doesn't know the truth.

We don't know how she got there or what she was told.

Ellen was pretty sure she didn't want more people to know the story.

"You're so shameless......."

"Enough."

Christina tries to lunge, but Bertus, who has seen better, gets between them.

"Ellen, I'm sure you've seen what you want to see, so why don't you go home first."

"......."

Ellen simply kept her mouth shut.

"Lord Tana, please fetch Ellen."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Everyone was confused by the sudden nervousness and unintelligible conversations.

"Christina, I need to talk to you for a minute."

At Bertus's seemingly murderous words, Christina smiled and nodded.

"Good."

Rather, they seemed to be waiting for the words to come out.



* * *



Ellen was led out of the College of Magic by the hand of Savior Tana.

So far, the only people Ellen has been able to talk to about Reinhardt have been people who at least know the truth.

It was just Charlotte, or Bertus, or Tana the Violin.

But we didn't bring it up because it was painful for us to even talk about it.

But today, out of the blue, Christina's name came up in conversation.

And he gave off the nuance of knowing about everything.

Bertus wouldn't tell her the truth if he didn't want her to know it. So how did Christina find out about it?

If Christina knows, do Louis Ankton and Anna know the truth?

And whether being silent was the right choice.

It didn't take long to realize that Louise von Schwarz had a straight heart.

But learning the truth about the Gate situation is another matter entirely.

It's not just hypocrisy to cover one's own sins, it's an issue that, if misrepresented, could divide the entire human race.

Therefore, I felt it was the right decision to remain silent.

An unknown, dark emotion welled up inside me, but I knew it would be a mistake to respond to Christina's words.

They were trying to raise the dead, and they were using the dead.

That would be a sin.

But without the Gate debacle, there would have been no sin.

If so, you've committed the greatest sin of all: you are the cause of all sin.

Who are we to say something is bad, and who are we to say someone is wrong for doing something wrong?

It's no wonder she's suddenly having such a reaction.

To Christina, who is probably thinking that if it weren't for you, Ashar wouldn't be dead.

Ashur is dead, he can't be brought back, stop it.

Hearing that would have made me furious.

But that's not what I meant.

He didn't mean sin no more.

The implication was that it was bothering you, it was destroying you, and you shouldn't do it.

I didn't say it to reprimand her, I said it because I didn't want her to get hurt anymore.

But I know she couldn't help but get angry when she heard it.

Ellen gritted her teeth and was forced to follow Tana back to her dorm.

I didn't know what I needed to know, and I didn't know what I shouldn't have known.



* * *



Ellen was led out of the lab by Savior Tana.

Bertus said something that sounded like he knew, and then he went off somewhere to talk to Christina.

So even in the lab, in the quarantined area, there were only Ludwig, Heinrich, and Louise. And Louis and Anna remained.

Break room in a quarantine lab.

The five sat in uncomfortable silence, unable to speak.

No one had anything to say about it.

Or those who have seen something they didn't want anyone to see.

They saw something they shouldn't have, and for their own reasons, they were too afraid to say anything.

But Louise is the one who's in the deepest trouble.

She was helping because she realized that pursuing Rowen's death could be dangerous for Ellen.

Rowen's death had nothing to do with the Empire, according to the Emperor, but he had learned a secret of the Empire that he was not supposed to know.

Louise's confusion goes beyond the shock and horror she feels at this sight.

The fact that he was able to 'see' it.

Louise couldn't understand it now.

Though nominally an empire, the Schwarzes have always wanted to surpass the Empire.

Louise knows that the royal family has had such aspirations for generations, and she knows that the Empire knows about them, and she knows that the Empire has kept the Schwarzes in check for many years.

Now is the time to confront the crisis of humanity, and I have no intention of publicizing the injustice and corruption of the Empire as I have done in the past.

But when all is said and done, it's the weakness of the empire.

Of course, the emperor may have been so confident in the military power he was gaining from this that he allowed Ruiz to watch.

But do we really need to show this weakness?

It would have been better not to show it.

The Emperor did not seem to feel any discomfort about Louise seeing this.

It's weird that you were able to get into the temple in the first place.

If he were the emperor, he would not have allowed Louise to enter the temple in the first place. He would have had plenty of reasons to deny her access.

"Is it okay for me to see this?

We don't know the emperor's intentions.

And what Christina just said.

I couldn't figure out what she meant by her accusatory remarks.

I couldn't help but think of Heinrich's words to the devil.

There's something people don't realize about the Gate debacle.

The devil didn't want Gate to happen either.

It is inevitable that the Emperor, Ellen, and Christina know about the truth.

As confused as Louise was, everyone else was feeling their own confusion.

"If Christina's right, can we save Ashur from....... alive?"

Ludwig's cautious question was directed at the silent Anna and Louis.

"......."

"......."

Their silence and facial expressions spoke volumes. Christina is trying to do the impossible.

"It involves black magic. Magic that uses unholy mana as its source....... It cannot be a power for the living......."

Anna added cautiously.

"Stronger than when they were alive, we can restore them that way, but....... I'll never be able to make you truly alive......."

Anna, whose understanding of the dark arts is no match for Christina's, already knew that Christina would not be able to reach the ending she wanted.

Knowing that, no one can say they shouldn't have stopped her. I don't need to tell you that, because it's clear enough that they were trying to stop her.

"Stronger...... than when you were alive?"

At Ludwig's questioning look, Louis nodded. Through clenched teeth, Louis Ankton opens his mouth with the expression of a bowed headed sinner.

"...... may look alive, but it's not."

"Just like the golem, just like the titan....... There's no difference."

"It's a reconstruction of a point in time when you were physically complete. You're not actually alive, so....... that you can extend a little further."

Heinrich asks as Louis speaks.

"Extend......?"

"You do realize that if you enchant before the enchantment circuitry is fully in place, the body can't handle the load and breaks down."

"I don't know if it should be me, but......."

Heinrich says, and looks at Ludwig.

"Yes. It's incredibly....... painful."

Ludwig remembered the pain vividly, as he spent several days in bed after awakening to his enchantment.

"Because pain doesn't matter to the dead."

"ah......."

The subjects feel no pain.

So beyond restoring your physical body, you can strengthen the elements necessary to manifest your power, including your magic circuits.

You will be able to transcend the limits of your body, the limits of your life.

In other words, it's a transmutation. You'll be able to wield a level of power in death that you weren't able to wield in life.

It can grant you powers that the living would not be able to withstand. It's a harsh statement, but in the end, it's not much different than dealing with objects. It's about making a weapon that only needs to be powerful more powerful.

They're not dead, they're just stronger.

Such an army was being formed.

"Do we really need a corpse?"

Hearing alone is great magic, beyond perfection, except that it involves a corpse.

Perfect, except for the moral issue of using a corpse.

"I mean, we could do that, like building a homunculus, but....... Right now, that's not the way......."

"You mean you can't power up in a short period of time."

"Yes......."

The homunculus experiment itself was a classic taboo, so I'm not saying it's without moral issues.

There are countless people who would sell their souls to the devil to save the world if they could, in order to get through their miserable days.

So maybe it's inevitable.

There are those who have sold their souls to the devil.

And when he sees that they have sold their souls to the devil, he is silent.

The Emperor said he had no intention of stopping it, and Louise knew she couldn't let him.

The emperor knows he can't stop this with his eyes, so he doesn't think it's a problem for him to watch.

I still didn't know the answer.

While those uncomfortable and sinful questions were being asked.

"Dying makes you stronger......."

Ludwig stares down at the table, muttering to himself.

Anna, Heinrich, and Louise could not help but shudder at the suddenness of his words.

"Don't think about it."

Heinrich said to Ludwig, frowning.

Everyone knows that Ludwig still wants to fight.

So Ludwig's words were bound to spark everyone's ominous imagination.

Raising the dead.

Even better, you'll be stronger than before.

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"Right now, I'm useless."

It was no secret that Ludwig was beating himself up beyond belief.

"There was nothing I could have done. The people who killed the priest, even though they were never caught....... I had no part in it coming to this. Stupid, there was something I could do, and I was content with that."

Rowen is dead. And we still haven't caught the killer.

But Ludwig hasn't done anything to get this far; he's just followed Ellen around.

In the first place, Rowen was not the good guy Ludwig thought he was, but a man who captured, killed, and tortured civilians.

I was being used by Rowen and didn't even realize I was being used.

There were definitely some weird moments, but I didn't doubt it.

I just knew I was doing something to help make the world a better place.

Eventually, I saw something, even if it wasn't related to Rowen's death.

Magic to bring the dead back to life. Magic that makes you stronger than you were in life.

This shouldn't exist in the world.

But Ludwig can't help but realize that this is necessary, that it will end the war faster.

Useless.

But Ludwig laughs bitterly as he says it.

"It's okay. I don't want that. I don't want to fight to the death. I don't want to make that choice. I know that no one....... I know it won't make anyone happy, just....... because I feel helpless......."

That's what he says, but we all know he'd rather have it that way.

There are those who will grieve and despair when you die. You've already seen Christina.

I don't want to go out as a corpse because I want to be useful to someone, or because I want to go back into battle.

As long as there are people who care about him, Ludwig doesn't want that.

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief as Ludwig, who had made everyone's day, briefly, a little worse for wear.

"......says something weird."

"Sorry......."

Heinrich even considered that Ludwig might suddenly be found somewhere, having taken his own life.

And if Ludwig does, it's up to Anna, Louis, and Christina to bring him back to life.

Trying to bring them back for real, like you did with Ashur, may end up breaking your friends even more.

Ludwig had no intention of doing or asking for such a crazy thing. It was just a possibility that popped into his head.

But even if Ludwig said he had no intention of doing so, he couldn't help but feel as uneasy as Heinrich did.

An almost obsessive need to be helpful to others.

I was beginning to realize that I had a twisted mind, one that didn't always look good.

Heinrich was a straight-A student.

Anna and Louis, seeing Ludwig up close, were even more terrified.

Ludwig is a nice guy, and he cares about others, but he can also be a jerk, literally.

He doesn't say he'd fight to the death right now, but there's no telling how Ludwig's thoughts might change in the future.

And we're all on the same page when it comes to not wanting to lose any more friends.

Louis Ankton stares at Ludwig for a moment.

"......Ludwig."

"No, I really don't think about that, and don't worry about it......."

"I want to show you something."

Looking at Louis, who had a determined look on his face, Anna nodded, knowing what she was talking about.

"What do you mean you want to show me?"

Ludwig couldn't believe what he was about to witness.

"This is where we....... to bring Ashur back to life."

It's the deep end of the underground lab.

Louis led off by saying that the three of them are doing something different than other researchers, and that something different doesn't necessarily involve bringing people back to life.





Episode 607.





Most of the lab was working on creating an army.

However, the project is well underway and on track, with completed subjects in full operation.

She was looking for a way to truly bring people back to life.

But that's not all that Louis, Anna, and Christina are focusing on.

I was doing all the things that constitute the next phase, application, and deepening of a project.

Other labs in the quarantine area.

Ludwig, Heinrich, and Louise, nervous that they might be in for another shocking sight, saw something completely unexpected.

It's not a brutal sight, it's not a horrible sight.

"It's a rabbit......?"

"Yes, a rabbit."

Anna nodded at Heinrich's words.

It's literally a rabbit.

A rabbit in a pretty big cage.

There were five cute rabbits in a cage.

They are far too cuddly to be in this place of horrific experiments.

I watched in fascination as the rabbits hopped around in their fairly spacious cage.

So what's the point?

Obviously, he doesn't mean let's watch it together because it's cute.

"Wait....... That's weird."

But as Louise watched the rabbits, she noticed something strange.

There's something a little odd about these seemingly healthy bunnies.

Something is subtle.

"Slightly, like I'm getting a leg up......."

I couldn't help but feel like something was limping along.

"By the way......."

Ludwig doesn't have a bad eye, so when Louise said that, he couldn't help but notice that the rabbits were a bit odd.

"Different lengths."

Louise noticed the length of the rabbits' legs, and that not all of them had balanced front or back feet.

"That's right."

Louis Ankton nods.

"It's a transplanted leg from another object."

Ludwig's eyes widen at that.

"Also, none of those rabbits have ever died."

This time it was Anna's words.

"It's an experiment with a living object."

We're already up to three this week on this project.

Black magic for the undead that animate the dead.

And the homunculus.

Louise mumbles to herself.

"Chimera."

"Yes. Right."

Plus, a chimera.

A branch of magic that synthesizes the best qualities of living things to create the ultimate creature. It is forbidden because it is often used in horrible ways, but it doesn't have to be.

All magic is not about what it is, it's about how you use it.

Transplants a limb from another object.

Everyone in this room knows what that means.

The missing leg.

Or, a missing arm.

You can reverse those things.

"Ludwig....... This is the most basic of chimera experiments."

Transplanting a limb is basic compared to replacing a head or an organ.

The fact that they were dabbling in sake was top secret, so even though they had a way to give Ludwig his missing arm back, they couldn't tell him.

But now that Ludwig has entered the lab and seen everything, they don't have to hide anything from him.

Rather, having learned the secret, he was able to do for Ludwig what he hadn't been able to do for himself.

"I see......."

Chimeric magic can also be developed into limb transplants for those who have lost limbs in war.

Bringing someone back to life is next to impossible.

But giving someone a missing limb is something that can be done.



* * *



They weren't just raising animals in a lab for the heck of it; they were experimenting to see if there was a way to give Ludwig his missing limbs back.

That was easier than creating an army of the undead.

Ludwig couldn't help but be excited at the prospect of regaining his lost arm.

This doesn't just benefit Ludwig. Just as there are countless people who have died in wars, there are countless others who have been injured.

It is not beyond the realm of possibility that they will be able to regain their lost bodies once all of this is finalized and post-war rehabilitation begins. However, this will only be possible after a better understanding of chimeric magic has been achieved.

Depending on how the chimera is used, it could be beneficial to someone. In the end, power is only as good as the hands that wield it.

But sobriety wasn't the only thing he didn't say when he could have given Ludwig his missing arm back.

"It's going to be painful."

"That's fine."

I'd take the pain for the chance to get my arm back.

For that alone, Ludwig was ready for anything.

"Ludwig, it's not just sick, it could be dead."

"...... Is that it?"

"A chimera is not a regeneration, it's a graft, you're implanting a body part that wasn't yours in the first place, you might reject it, you might go into shock."

Louis Ankton looks at the rabbits in the cage.

Ludwig couldn't help but notice that only the successful ones were alive, not the unsuccessful ones.

"The way is easy, but the endurance is on you, and I can't do anything about that."

Ludwig was afraid you would go to extreme measures. If you can afford it, I can give you back the arm you lost in the Chimera procedure.

"I'll do it."

Ludwig nods with a stony expression.

I wasn't going to hesitate because I already knew.

"It's not that we're stuck as we are, but if we can do something more....... why shouldn't we?"

Reached this week.

So Ludwig could see new possibilities.

"Besides, my talent is physical strength."

He says he's confident he won't die because his only advantage is that he's strong.

Ludwig nods with a determined look on his face.

Louise looks at Ludwig and the others as they do so.

The idea of applying chimeric research to make limb transplantation possible is shocking but worthwhile.

And one who is not here, whom the emperor has taken away to talk to.

This lab is the most important area of the house.

So it's clear that the three Temple sophomores are key players in this research.

There are still unresolved issues and mysteries.

But it was clear that what was going on in this lab was more than just horrific and brutal, it was magic far too powerful.

The base is Black Magic.

It's a combination of research on homunculi and chimeras.

And then limb transplants with chimeras.

'These kids....... How in the world can they do so much?

It's not a single field of magic, it's a complex field of magic.

And these three are not just research assistants, they're key players by all appearances.

There is an absolute time limit.

Why are these kids, who are barely out of their twenties, able to do and accomplish so much?

Louise couldn't finish the question, which had a different direction.

Also, it's a port, not a replay.

'The arm to be transplanted is.......'

Probably not from a living person.

Louise's thoughts kept returning to Dettomorian's words.

Said the sullen boy.

If you keep pursuing this, you'll end up killing Ludwig.

That phrase stuck in my head.



* * *



As you can tell, I'm a numbers guy.

Numbers can tell you a lot of things, assuming you can read them, so you spend a long time learning how to figure out what they mean, and that's really all there is to it.

By the way.

These days, it's easy to see numbers even if you don't know them.

You know.

These days, that number is, well, shrinking.

A few regular soldiers this time, a few enchanted superhumans this time, a few master classes. A few wizards. A few paladins. A few from somewhere in the refugee camp.

Dead.

How many cities are in a country, or a country, or a country, or how much food is left, or a supply route.

Destroyed.

You'll see numbers like this.

Don't bother reading the dwindling numbers.

Things are getting worse.

If it was this bad yesterday, it's even worse today.

It doesn't really change much, other than knowing more specifically what went wrong.

If there's a number that gets happier as it diminishes, it's the number of warp gates left, although thankfully that's now down to a countable number.

Things were going from bad to worse.

I suppose it could get worse, but that's not going to happen unless humanity disappears altogether.

The Gate spits out an infinite number of monsters, and there is a limit to the humanity that survives.

What happens when no one can fight anymore.

Then it really, really can't get any worse, can it?

Not every night, because I have plenty of wizards around me who can force sleep that doesn't come.

Anyway.

Such, a number.

Combat power.

People who can fight.

People who can still take up arms.

Their absolute numbers are dwindling, and they have absolutely no resources, let alone time, to grow.

Just like that, the number is gone.

Dead people.

Dead soldiers.

Dead knights, wizards.

When you guys suggested that we could quantify those missing numbers and put them back on the list in my documentation as power, I had a lot to think about.

Of course.

It wasn't that I was struggling with the idea that I shouldn't do that.

No, I didn't do it at all, I think I did it very briefly, just a little bit.

Why I thought about it so much.

That would be nice.

I don't think I could ask for much more.

Does that work?

If it does.

What's next?

Okay, then.

I was troubled by what happened next.

Let's say we're done.

Let's say the gate debacle is over.

What happens then.

I thought about it, but I didn't know.

So I gave up trying to figure it out.

First, let's see if it works or not. So, when I saw your output, I had that question.

A more fundamental question.

Things like this.

In such a short time.

Just like that.

Can we do it?

You see, Adelia didn't build Titan alone. Just like you're a genius. You see, Adelia didn't build Titan by herself, just like you are a genius.

That, in turn, required the Duchy of Saint-Thuan, which had the most concentrated technology for golems.

In the first place, the Titan wouldn't have been built without the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, the owner of the duchy. Would it have been possible for Adelia to design the Titan on her own?

It might have been possible, but it would have taken quite a bit of time, and Adelia's self-deprecating modesty told her it would take more than a decade, though anyone listening might say that's too short.

Now.

By the way.

I've done some pretty bad things, had some pretty mean thoughts, and done some pretty cringe-worthy things.

The Empire doesn't invest in black magic, and as you probably already know, we don't dabble in evil powers.

I knew it was human nature, and my nature, to reach for the silver bullet when backed into a corner in a very specific situation like this one.

In other words, your knowledge of the Empire hasn't helped you much.

Would it take not one, but three Adelia-level geniuses to do that?

Yeah, maybe.

A while back, I had a brief conversation with someone who knows about this issue.

They were worried that they had gotten into bed with some dangerous people.

I said.

'To the best of my knowledge' 'I' have not joined hands with them.

I don't know if they understood me or not.

I didn't catch it, and it's certainly possible that someone else did, but I can't say for sure.

By the way.

Now that I've heard what you just said,.......

It knew something I didn't.

Where you heard it.

I don't know how you know that.

I'm pretty good at keeping people in, though, so there's no way it could have leaked out of my end.

Then I'm guessing you learned about it somewhere else, because that cuts down on the candidates.

So, as it turns out, I was lying back then.

Christina.

Let me ask you a question.

Emperor.

"It looks like you, or at least the three of you, are in cahoots with the Black Order, not me."

Bertus de Gradias asks, looking at Christina.

"Right?"

Christina looked at Bertus and nodded.

"Yeah. Right."

"Is it just you, or does that include the other two who aren't here?"

At Bertus' words, Christina shrugs.

"Well, what do you think?"

Bertus is silent, seeing the look on his face.

Christina may have been the only one working with Order, and it's unclear if the other two knew.

But Bertus is sure the other two know.

Bertus nodded, as if accepting the truth he had suspected.

She's been in contact with the Black Order, and through some means has recently learned the truth.

Her rapidly changing attitude toward Ellen is evidence of this.

"Yeah....... Anyway, the research is complete, and we have enough materials and blueprints that the Empire can maintain the project without you."

Bertus says, and crosses his arms.

"You know those stories, like throwing away your commitment, throwing away the hounds because the hunt is over, that sort of thing."

"......."

The Titan was created by combining the knowledge of the Duchy of St. Thuan with the genius of Adelia.

The Homunculus Undead were also created by combining the knowledge of the Black Order with the genius of these three.

Neither the former nor the latter can be duplicated if the blueprint is already complete. That's a different discipline than general magic.

So the blueprint is complete.

No more Christina, no more Black Order.

"By the way."

But Bertus, who spoke the words himself, narrows his brow.

"You guys aren't stupid, it's not like you didn't see that coming."

If Christina and the others have proposed and carried out this work entirely for the good of the Empire, for the good of humanity, then there is no need for a purge. They are mages who have accomplished great things, even if they cannot be seen by the world.

However, it gets complicated when there are black orders involved.

Their intentions are unknown, hence the need for a purge.

There's no way the Black Order didn't know that, and there's no way Christina and the others didn't know that.

"There must be some kind of safeguard."

I wouldn't have done this without having something in place just in case.

"I know."

Christina looks at Bertus and smiles.

It was a smile of unearthly anger, hatred, and malice.

Even if you know the truth about Gate, very few people will understand it in the end.

There are those who hate everyone.

Even if it wasn't their intention, there's no reason to forgive them.

If someone accidentally pushes a button that will end the world, why should he be absolved of his sins.

It wasn't even a mistake.

The truth is, it doesn't matter.

It's just that you've gone from one person to several.

Just because they are sad beings, where is the reason and justification that they should not be punished?

If someone asks you why people who have done things that are hard to say are wrong should die.

What will they say when they are asked why did the innocent, who did nothing wrong, have to die?

In a world soaked with the blood and tears of the innocent, why shouldn't theirs be? Shouldn't their tears and blood be the first to go?

No one can say for sure.

We all know that death can't save anything.

It's fair to say that there's no reason to add death to death.

Who are we to say that the hearts of the broken and torn need to be heard?

"When you tried to kill us, saying you were obsolete, I was going to tell you that it was the Empire that was obsolete."

Christina's hatred and anger, contempt and murder.

I say with a vengeance for all of this.

"Maybe the emperor isn't doing it for nothing?"

"I thought you said you were thinking about it."

If this is possible, then

It wasn't a consideration of the morality of bringing the dead back to life.

"I'm putting an army in someone else's hands that I can't control, that I can't defeat, that I don't have to think about."

"......Do you even know what a safeguard is?"

Bertus smirked at Christina's slightly surprised reaction.

"What's a safeguard but control?"

"That's right."

The moment the army was formed and completed, Bertus knew it could not belong to the emperor.

It's made with unknown technology. Bertus already knew he couldn't even control it.

I knew it, and I got caught.

You've been caught.

Already faced with the success of his first experiment, Bertus envisioned what would happen when he completed the project.

The gate debacle will be over.

The sacrifice will be small.

Eventually, there will come a time when you'll have to pay another price.

From the moment you make the decision to create that army, you realize that you are not the master of your empire.

I knew.

The project itself was a success.

But Christina is trying to bring the dead Ashur back to life.

But that wasn't the end of it, as she continued to try in vain, she was improving the project itself.

What if you could make the dead move, and even talk, as if they were alive and well?

Bertus was fully aware that someone could do the same to him.

If you bring a dead knight back to life, you can use its powers.

I knew, inevitably, that if I could bring a dead emperor back to life, I could have an empire.





Episode 608.





Rowen is not dead.

I faked my death, trying to buy time.

However, all of Rowen's men were killed by paladins sent by Elayon Bolton. It is possible that some of his men survived, but they are few and far between.

If Rowen is up to something, what is she up to, and what can she do about it?

Rowen was gone.

But it can't have left the ecliptic, so it must be somewhere in the ecliptic.

But where is it?

I've made a pact with the Five Great Houses, and the leader of the Crusader Knights is unwilling, but he can't go against the popes, so he has to cooperate with me.

"Password documentation......."

"Yes, I'm working on the decryption now."

The good news is that not all of the records in Rowen's temple were lost.

It could be relevant to our current situation, and it could tell us what Rowen has been up to. For now, Elayon Bolton has recovered the records from the temple's basement and is in the process of deciphering them. Fortunately, it is not impossible to decipher the records of the Inquisitors from within the Templars. It will just take time.

Yeah, that damn time.

"There's no guarantee that nothing will happen until it's done."

Even if it's decipherable, it's still the same amount of text.

Rowen shouldn't act until we've gleaned some meaningful truth from the piles of paperwork, something that tells us what Rowen is capable of.

Do I have that much time? Maybe, maybe not.

It's not out of the realm of possibility that Rowen is not up to something and has simply disappeared.

"It's not like I can't predict what you're going to do."

These were the words of the Pope of the Order of Tuan.

"What are you talking about?"

"Maybe in the past, but these are not the times for killing heretics, especially at the hands of the Church."

"...... Seems like a good kill for something like that."

"......."

"No, I didn't mean to offend you, it's just the way I talk. Tell me what it is."

It makes me cringe to see old people pout when I say something they don't need to.

Clearly, the pope was not wrong. When heresy becomes mainstream, you can catch, torture, and kill a few heretics, but you can't eradicate the whole heresy. There is bound to be carnage.

"It would be nice to be able to eradicate them, but they're impossible to get rid of, because they keep coming back."

"I'm sure you did."

"The inevitable pagans could not be eradicated, nor could they be converted."

"But if they're running heresy inquisitors in the ecliptic, doesn't that mean they're doing something?"

"If we can't stop the heresy, we want to know how big it is, if there's a core, who it is, where it is, how far it goes, things like that."

It was clear to Elion Bolton that this was the first time he had ever heard of such a thing.

It was clear that he had not been thoroughly informed of the inner workings of the ecliptic until now.

I thought I knew what the Pope of the Tuan Order meant.

Once upon a time, Bertus said.

Organized crime is inevitable.

A negative demand must be met, a supply arises to meet it, and the supply is inevitably organized.

If tackling organized crime only leads to the creation of other gangs, he said, it's better to take control.

At the time, Bertus asked me if I would ever consider becoming a Thieves' Guild Master.

This is the same as this.

The fundamental reason for heresy is distrust of the Church of God. Unless that distrust is resolved, hunting down and killing the heretics that arise is not the solution. Other heresies will inevitably arise.

The choice of the popes, therefore, was not the eradication or elimination of heresy.

Understanding their size and scope.

The emphasis is on learning more about the heretical forces themselves. Even if we can't eliminate them, it would be helpful to have a clearer idea of their whereabouts.

Too many pagans.

So instead of eradicating them, they took a different approach.

By owning a criminal organization, Bertus sought to gain control over the crime itself.

I wonder if the popes thought differently.

"Rowen was in control of the pagan faction, and key figures among them."

You don't have to win the hearts and minds of all the pagans. If you could control the leaders of each pagan faction, you had it all.

Elayon Bolton looks at the Pope of the Order of Tuan.

"Are you saying that ...... is actually behind the heresies and martial arts?"

"I guess you could look at it that way."

Times are messy, and inquisitors don't work like they used to.

The Church of the Lord was not judging heresy, it was taking it into its own hands. The popes were making those decisions, and Rowen was in charge.

The Cult of the Lord was behind the cult, and Rowen was the field director, so to speak.

But she was pursuing a dangerous endeavor, and was purged for refusing the orders of the Crusaders.

Indeed, Rowen would despise the warrior religion as well as the demonic faith.

However, due to the inevitability of pagan outbreaks, the task of identifying zodiacal pagan forces and bringing their leaders to heel has been a long time coming.

In this day and age, the true pagan masters are not the ones who deceive people by establishing an all-inclusive faith.

"This all sounds a bit like saying that Rowen is the owner of all heresies, doesn't it, and while he's not technically a lord, he's kind of like a lord or something?"

If you can control all the pagans, isn't that effectively being a priest?

Elayon Bolton believes he must kill Rowen for uncovering a truth that could put him on a collision course with the Empire.

However, I was completely unaware of the dangers of Rowen itself.

The popes were wary of giving him too much information in order to keep Elion Bolton in check.

Petty power struggles. And fear of each other.

The consequences were catastrophic.

The world was so strange that the Inquisitor, who was supposed to put down and edify heretics, was actually the master of heresy.

And what will Rowen do now that he has been abandoned by the Church of the Lord to whom he swore allegiance.

Rowen will be in a refugee camp.

They're going to use the pagans to do something.



* * *



That night.

Three sophomores from Class B, Louis, Christina, and Anna, were back in the dorms after a long absence.

It wasn't just to take a long break.

Because what he couldn't do for Ludwig, he could do for Ludwig now that he knew the truth.

Lost arm.

You can revert it.

"It's easier said than done."

But unlike the other two, for whom giving the arm back was a basic procedure, Christina brought Ludwig in and immediately delivered a negative outlook.

Christina was speaking privately with the Emperor at the time, so Anna and Louis were later told what Ludwig had said. This is also why she returned to the Burinake dormitory.

"I've heard it's painful, I've heard about rejection, but it's okay, I can live with that."

You will regain your lost arm and be able to fight.

Ludwig wished he could do something about it.

Issues like rejection and pain had already been fully explained by Anna and Louis.

However, if she were to undergo the Chimera procedure, she would have to do it herself.

"Ludwig. It's not about that."

"Not......?"

"Sure, it can be easy in some cases, if it's something you just have to put up with....... The side effects, the rejection. If you just have to put up with the pain, it can be done."

Shouldn't that work?

As if she knows what he's thinking, Christina looks at Ludwig and says, "You're right.

"They're not going to put a rabbit's or a deer's or a cow's leg on you. What you saw was a rabbit. It's not a person, it's a rabbit. It's a procedure where they cut off the leg of a live rabbit, cut off the leg of another rabbit, and then glue it on."

"......Yes."

"When I say I'm going to give you a chimeric right arm, I mean I'm going to cut off someone else's arm and reattach it. Ludwig, are you okay with that?"

"......!"

Ludwig's eyes widened at that.

It's not a simple matter.

Body parts are not created.

A chimeric procedure makes something that doesn't belong together. Inevitably, then, Ludwig's new arm must be someone else's.

That's what she says to Ludwig.

If you're cutting off someone's arm and gluing it back on, it's easy.

"Of course you don't want that, but the lab has a lot of unsuccessful reconstructions, as you've seen. It's not perfect, so you'll inevitably get an arm from one of the restored bodies that didn't come back to life. A cadaver arm."

"So....... works......."

Your new arm is obviously someone else's, not your own.

You can't use a living person's arm, and what remains in the lab is the arm of a cadaver that failed to be restored.

"It's covered in black magic and sobriety and enhancements. It's not a normal arm. It looks like a human arm, but it's not a human arm."

Something else that looks like a human arm, but has already ceased to be a human arm.

"Didn't you think the bodies being restored were overly intact?"

"Uh......?"

"Most of them are war dead, people who died in combat. If you're killed in combat,....... they're going to have their limbs cut off, or they're going to be crushed."

Only then did Ludwig realize that he hadn't thought at all about the integrity of the bodies in the port being restored.

There were no severed limbs, and everything was being cleaned up.

"If they could use that technology on people in the first place, they would have told you that they could regenerate your arm, not transplant another one."

If you can regenerate a corpse, why can't you regenerate a living person?

I should have asked that question first.

"A living person wouldn't even make it through the process, which is why this magic is so....... that's why it can't be used on living people."

Christina's expression was one of pain.

If playback is possible, play it and do not transplant.

Regeneration is not something you can use on the living in the first place.

And reanimated things are not something you can attach to the living.

"Ludwig, if you ask me, I might be able to give you another arm that doesn't belong to a corpse. Do you want it?"

"No....... No, I don't want that."

Ludwig could never do something as crazy as chopping off a man's arm and reattaching it.

"Ludwig, I'm not really going to say no, but the point is, I don't know what the consequences of such a procedure would be, and I don't want to do it."

After she finishes, Christina looks at Anna and Louis.

Clearly, they weren't lying. If you undergo the Chimera procedure, you can get your missing arm back.

As long as it's a living human arm.

I mentioned the chimera procedure because I thought Ludwig might be acting strangely.

They weren't oblivious to the risks.

However, he was referring to the chimera procedure because he thought Ludwig might try to take his own life.

But who knows if the recipient will be able to tolerate it.

Transplanting magical byproducts of the dead into the living.

Ludwig could only stare at him with a stony expression, a look of hope given and then taken away.

Seeing that look, Christina bites her lip.

"Ludwig, if you really want to do that....... but if you die....... I will never, ever bring you back."

If you die during a procedure, you might be tempted to fight as a resurrected corpse afterward.

Therefore, Christina firmly nailed that, unlike Ashar, you should not try to undergo the procedure with the intention of dying.

"Okay....... Okay."

Louis and Anna could only shake their heads in disbelief as Ludwig looked on in dismay.





Episode 609.





Deep underground, tangled like a tunnel.

A dim light glimmered in what could only be called a crypt.

Deep underground tunnels filled with the smell of rotting corpses and strange idols.

Somewhere in the deepest part of the tunnel.

In the center of that cavity sat a woman.

Around her, the prostrate people were listening to her story.

Remember the day the heavens opened up?

I've seen it firsthand.

You know what the first thing I said was?

Wow.

Believe it or not, it's true.

I probably shouldn't be saying that after seeing something like that, but honestly, it was amazing.

When you see a rain of light falling from the sky, even if it's on your head, you can't help but admire it.

It's overwhelming.

It was a hopeless sight.

A referee, if you will.

Yes, it was a referee.

Light was falling on the sinners.

It was a heavenly judgment on the sinners who didn't recognize the prophet and tried to torture, intimidate, and kill him.

A lightning bolt strikes the earth, and the warp gates that have served people so well must be removed from the world.

That day, I saw the Devil for the first time.

Very sad.

Very sad.

He looked like he had given up on everything.

No one believed in him, and he had this look in his eyes that said he had failed at everything.

Nevertheless, the devil spoke.

How to deal with what's coming, and how to make it a little less bloody.

You sounded desperate.

The devil's seed, desperate to survive.

You're threatening to do this or that if I don't let you go.

That's what everyone thinks, and that's what I thought at the time.

But the devil was right.

We have paid too dearly for not recognizing the prophet.

I'm one of those guilty parties.

I can't help it that so many people have died, but how many could have survived because of what you said?

Just as you can't count the dead, you can't count the living.

People don't know the goodness of that demon, and they don't want to know.

Those who know the goodness of the Devil don't tell people about it, and they don't intend to.

Isn't that weird?

Good kids should be rewarded and bad kids should be punished.

Why did the nicest kid in the world have to be the one who did the worst thing in the world. Why should he be known as the worst kid in the world?

That's weird.

That's not right. That's not right.

That the world is the way it is, that the good guys don't get the prize and the bad guys get everything. I know.

That's not true, but let's pretend it is.

We should be good, and maybe the gods will take pity on us and reward us with something.

You may not be glorified in life, but you may be glorified in death.

You know what they say about being a good person.

That's a bunch of bullshit.

You know the drill.

If the good you've done in your life isn't rewarded, it just isn't.

If all the good things you've done in your life have come back to bite you in the ass, there's just something wrong with the world.

Maybe the Devil is wrong, because his minions caused the gates.

But isn't that really all the devil's fault and not to blame?

If you believed in the devil.

If only those in power had listened to the Devil.

This wouldn't have happened.

But no one knows that.

This shouldn't be happening.

In this way, sin and punishment are pinned on one person.

They shouldn't be resting on their laurels.

Someone is a warrior.

Someone is an emperor.

Someone's a crusader.

The Pope.

You said it was for the people.

You said it was for the people.

You don't want to be seen walking around.

Fellow sinners.

Hate her because she did everything wrong.

If they start hating us too, the world might collapse, and for that same reason, we don't want to make the devil take it all on himself.

Such as.

It's so unfair.

I'm so frustrated.

Sad.

It's disgusting.

The only reason I've kept you alive so far is because there's at least one thing that's similar to my idea.

The devil didn't do anything wrong.

The devil is right.

The world is wrong.

We were wrong, too.

Those of you who believe in witchcraft, you are the wrong people.

I was wrong for not recognizing that he was a prophet and for believing in him until it was too late.

But are we born into the wrong world, or do we become the wrong people because we live in the wrong world?

I'm not sure about that.

Well, I do know one.

If it's wrong, fix it.

That's why I've trained you so well so far.

I apologize for the initial touching, but I haven't hit you or put a needle under your nails since you've been a better listener.

We've seen you believe in a demonic religion that wears the skin of a warrior.

Of course, that's because I'd rather believe in a demon god than a warrior god.

Anyway.

For too long, I've kept the veil of reality over the truth.

Too many years have gone by when sinners have walked too proudly through the world pretending to be sinners.

The saying that truth is worthless in the face of reality.

That some things are meant to be buried.

There are sins that must be seen to be believed.

That there are truths that need to be buried, people that need to be sacrificed, people that need to be held accountable, and groups that need to be protected because the reality is too harsh.

I've heard it so many times that my ears hurt now.

So.

I don't want to hear any more of that.

The Empire and the Order have long since lost their legitimacy and no longer exist for the good of humanity.

Everything else is just an excuse, and they're just monsters who exist for themselves.

That we just need to be still, that we need to hang in there, that we need to let this all pass and then think about it.

I don't believe it anymore.

The world is just the way it is.

It doesn't change.

I could go on and on about how to suck it up.

If so, I'm changing it.

I think it's better to change it.

Rowen speaks to the prostrate men, his cold eyes shining.

"Wake up."

The prostrate rise to their feet.

"Let's show them the real world."

"To the multitude who condoned so many sins, who lied and deceived the people."

"I'm going to show the people who have been silent and are now silent how sick the world is."

"When disruption occurs on an uncontrollable scale."

"The moment when they take back the sins they have committed."

"I want to see the look on their faces."

"I think it's time to germinate the seeds of division that we've buried in the name of this great cause, in the name of now being the time for humanity to unite."

If killing the pagans would only cause them to grow like weeds, Rowen knew it was better to grow trees.

Rowen did not hunt pagans.

The pagans in the refugee camp were not responsible for the theft of the remains. She should have known from the start.

They wouldn't do anything she didn't tell them to do.

This made it easy to reach the other side of the empire.

Rowen was raising the pagans to be giants, and the masters of those giants were in my hands.

The trees are owned by terrified slaves who, through years of torture and pain, have become incapable of thinking of anything but submission.

"So you don't have to live in heresy anymore."

"This, too, will be the will of the gods."

"I believe so."

Therefore, she was the master of all paganism, while not believing in paganism.



* * *



We know where Rowen is. But the scope was too broad.

We'll soon find out who Rowen has recruited. But for most people in the refugee camps, there is no such thing as a proper identity.

The popes gave orders, and Lowen carried them out.

But the popes did not know the full extent of the pagan powers in the refugee camps, nor their individual leaders.

I left it alone, assuming Rowen would figure it out.

But now that the information was important, I had to find it.

It doesn't take long either.

Two days at most, three days at most.

That would be enough to find out where Rowen was.

But time has always been an issue, and not as much time as I needed.

Death is sudden.

Like all of a sudden the heavens opened up, all of a sudden a gate opened and things became this way, and then the world became this way.

The reason for the destruction is trivial.

Just as a few small misunderstandings and miscommunications spelled doom.

Often, a trigger isn't a big deal.

-Kill! Kill!

"......."

I was watching a building burn in a refugee camp.

Thousands of people were trampling over the bodies of the fallen and throwing them into the fire.

It's a common sight.

Murder is a common occurrence in refugee camps.

But this time, the direction is different.

The refugees killed the guards.

Taking the spears from the guards, he stabbed their bodies.

It wasn't the shacks in the refugee camp that were burning.

The Guard headquarters was burning.

In the falling snow, I watched as refugees, driven by vengeance and madness, burned down the guard headquarters.

It was revenge for the persecution and oppression they had suffered.

It only takes a small act of violence to stir the pot of hatred. The guards are only human.

The moment they realized that their violence was not absolute, it was inevitable that the flow would break down.

Massive riots erupted in the Huangdao refugee camps.

They were killing guards, burning guard headquarters.

Getting started is easy.

And the moment it began, even the initiator would be unable to control the great tide of revenge.



* * *



"Your Majesty. It must be suppressed."

The emperor listened to the story with a stony expression.

There's a massive riot in the refugee zone, killing guards and setting them on fire.

At first, it was just a small incident. But I knew that whoever started this, once they unleashed their hatred of the Guard, they could leave it alone and it would take care of itself.

The guards are a handful compared to everyone in the camp. They've managed to keep the refugees under control somehow, but when that fails, people won't take it anymore.

It doesn't matter who started it.

They've already turned their backs on the guards; all they need is an opening.

To say they turned their backs on the Guard is to say they turned their backs on the Empire.

At this rate, the refugee camps will become complete lawlessness.

And the rising hatred will not end with raiding and killing the refugee camp's guards and burning their headquarters.

If there comes a moment when that anger is directed at the imperial family.

What to do then?

The ecliptic has long been a sand castle on the verge of collapse.

The gunpowder was ready, waiting for the moment to ignite and blow up whatever the trigger was.

Unless you can feed the refugees.

Unless you can take care of their cold and hunger.

Unless you can provide them with a minimum level of safety and comfort.

It's just something that was bound to happen someday. Whatever the cause, the problem is always the gunpowder, not the tinder.

But empires can't fall.

It shouldn't fall apart.

Not yet.

It can never fall apart.

"Yeah......."

The people were crushed by the terror of the guards.

The riots happened because hate crossed the threshold of fear.

You can't give them bread.

Because there is no bread.

You can't give a hungry, angry crowd everything they need.

There is only one thing the Empire can give them.

Fear.

"Send in the army and the knights. Summarily execute all those involved in this matter."

The only thing that can hold back the hate and anger.

Fear.

The violence that can bring that fear.

Unfortunately, the empire was strong, if not wealthy.

Now more than ever.



* * *



Can a nation that does not protect its citizens, but rather kills them, be called a nation at all?

Sure, they can exist.

As long as a state has the violence to sustain itself, it can continue to exist regardless of its legitimacy.

Massive riots broke out in the Huangdao refugee camp.

The guards were killed, and their headquarters burned to the ground. The Guards retreated to the ecliptic in a massive withdrawal.

Temporarily, the refugee camps became lawless.

But the violence didn't solve everything.

The outraged crowd had to direct their anger somewhere, and they had to find a scapegoat.

But only for a moment.

There was a bloodbath.

The Empire deployed large armies and knights to destroy any sign of violence.

The Knights Templar, a group of superhumans, could single-handedly slaughter a crowd of hundreds.

On top of that, the riot was quickly quelled when the lynch mob was called in to put down the riot.

Swords and spears slaying monsters sounded better to people.

Violence fueled by rage, in the face of a ruthless violence that bordered on the inscrutable.

The riots were brief.

Thousands of guards are dead.

However, in just a few days, hundreds of thousands of refugees were slaughtered.

The Empire crushed the outbursts, as if to nail down the idea that violence was the sole province of the state.

Fear shut everything down and held it in.

In the end, though, this took away all justification.

Everyone knows it's a lie that empires exist for the good of humanity.

The brief riot turned into a massive carnage, and the rampaging crowd was overwhelmed with fear and forced to hold their breath.

The Empire can't provide for the refugees, but it can kill them all within a few days.

It was impossible to overturn an empire by rioting.

Truth is probably good.

People still hate the devil.

Only one thing has changed.

People hate empires, too.

What's the difference between a demon and an empire?

People held their breath, but they began to whisper it to each other under their breath.





Episode 610.





Just a few days.

So much has happened in just a few days.

Sudden riots.

Sudden slaughter.

"The empire's days are numbered."

Louise said as she sat on the terrace with Heinrich.

"What do you mean you're out of luck......?"

"Do you think a country can survive if its people are turned away from it?"

"The empire is strong, so why not?"

"We'll survive. Until the cause loses its meaning."

Louise stared at the thickening snow.

"What are you talking about?"

At Heinrich's question, Louise nodded.

"Right now, you, too, are thinking that this behavior of the Empire is inevitable."

Heinrich's eyes widened at Louise's words.

If the empire collapses now, it's all over.

That's why I thought that if this action of the empire, this uprising of the refugees, led to the overthrow of the empire, the entire human race might be destroyed.

So it's brutal and horrible, but.

I thought it was inevitable.

"That is the rationale. To make an action compelling, whether it's war, raising the dead, or genocide."

Gate event.

"Right now, the Empire has an absolute and perfect excuse for the Gate Crisis. So the Empire will do whatever it takes to survive."

"Even the atrocity of raising the corpses of the dead and turning them into an army was justified by the need to end the Gate crisis. No matter how cruel, no matter how brutal, one absolute reason rationalizes everything."

"This is also true."

"This uprising was sparked by people's legitimate anxiety and fear, and the Empire was able to put a knife to people's throats because they now have the excuse of stopping the Gate."

"What would it have been like under normal circumstances?"

"Creating an army from the corpses of fallen soldiers? It would have been a continent-wide publicity stunt. The Empire would have been torn apart in an instant. Even I, in peacetime, would not have been able to accept that an imperial family that did such a thing belonged to the continent. Not that I wouldn't have accepted it, but I would have used it as an opportunity to bring the empire down."

"Rioting and slaughtering? We could have done that, but we would have had to pay the price."

"The empire is staking too much on the absolutes of the gate crisis."

"You're saving all the payoffs for later."

"You're going to have to pay for this one day."

"The day the gate crisis ends, all bets are off."

"The people will still be powerless, but they'll hate the empire."

At Louise's words, Heinrich shook his head in disbelief.

"Just because people hate empires....... Is it possible for an empire to fall?"

"No, it is not the people who bring down empires. Causes are not for the little people."

"If not, then......."

"Cause is for those in power, by those in power."

Causes are meant to be used. That's why they're not for the faint of heart.

"When the gate debacle is over, there will be another rationale."

"What other reason?"

"That empires should die."

Heinrich's eyes widen at that.

"It's a country that uses dead people to build an army, commits countless civilian massacres, and can't even provide for its own people."

"And now people are hating and hating the empire."

"It means that in the future, we will want someone else to take the seat of the imperial family of Gradias."

"No matter who sits in that seat, people won't miss the empire. They've already built up too much hatred and resentment."

People's hatred and anger toward the empire becomes a rationale.

But crowds can't bring down empires.

Someone with power, someone with authority.

When he takes over an empire on that basis, the people will support the new empire that replaced it.

A rationale is a reason, a rationale.

Evidence that suggests that when a new power emerges, people don't rebel against it.

As long as the empire is hated, people will not rebel against whoever takes its place.

"I've often imagined empires falling......."

Louise stares out at the landscape. It has long been the dream of the Schwarz family to overcome their inferiority complex to the Empire and become masters of it.

But now that the empire was truly crumbling, Louise von Schwarz was not happy about it.

Empires build karma.

At some point, you have to pay the price.

"That's interesting."

Louise exhales.

"If you're hated no matter who you are, is it really okay to let anyone sit in that seat......."

"What do you mean?"

"Let's say people don't like Gradias Huang. They'll already hate it."

"Yes......."

"Wouldn't it matter if a demon sat in that seat?"

"......Yes?"

Louise giggles at Heinrich's dumbfounded reaction.

"On the contrary, they might think that since they haven't seen the Devil, they might be a little better than the Empire, which is already the worst."

The Empire is showing the worst of the worst.

I hate empires and I hate demons.

However, I haven't encountered the devil yet.

So you might imagine that it might be a little different from the Empire, that it's already bad, but it can't be worse.

"He who has everyone's support is the master, or the worst of the worst in an already bad situation. I don't see why not."

If it's the best of both worlds, people will ostracize and reject the worst and want the best.

But if it's the worst of both worlds.

People will want a differential.

Empires are the worst. It is heading for the worst.

So feel free to sit down.

Feel free to take it away.

If you have the power to do so.

"I think I know why I was able to get into the temple......."

Louise said, and took a sip of her now chilled black tea.

'The emperor is digging his own grave.......'

Dig a grave.

I'm not selling you something you don't know.

Knowingly digging.



* * *



"Yet?"

"Yes. I'll need a little more time, so I'm going to send you an email to......."

Elayon Bolton grew impatient at the sight of so many priests wrestling with paperwork at the Crusader headquarters.

Every available priest in the Crusader Order had been assigned to decipher the cipher, but the work had been going on for far too long with little progress.

Elion Bolton watched the bustle, and, unable to bear it, went out onto the terrace.

Outside the high temple of the Crusaders, it was still snowing.

Excessive snowfall had already become a major problem for refugee camps.

It's snowing, so much snow.

But that was one thing, but what was happening between people was more problematic.

Conditions in the refugee camps were already extreme, and so was the Empire's response.

Of course, he knew intuitively that this situation had nothing to do with Rowen.

I realize this is just the beginning.

The empire would rather cut its own flesh than let itself collapse.

There's no guarantee that the next thing to be cut is necessarily flesh. It might be bone, or it might be something else that needs to be sacrificed.

We need to find Rowen.

Rowen's control over the pagans scattered throughout the refugee camps means that the camps are effectively Rowen's.

When desperation and hopelessness get the better of them, evil and hatred can be the only thing left.

The riots have subsided in violence, but the next one will be even bigger.

"What difference does it make if I find it?

What happened can't be what didn't happen.

Just as the Gate debacle cannot be undone, neither can the riots in the refugee camps and the massacres of the empire.

Even if you find Rowen and eliminate the cultists, the chaos has already begun.

Finding the arsonist is one thing, but stopping a fire that's already out of control is another.

The arsonist and the fire are now two completely separate things.

You may be able to find Rowen and stop him from starting fires elsewhere, but the fire that has already grown will take care of itself.

The good news is that the person you need most right now, the Devil, has approached.

The Popes' arbitrary sacrifice of the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses is a gnashing of teeth and a rotting of guts, but what we need now is a demon.

Rowen is a follower of the Devil.

If so, you'll absolutely follow the devil's lead.

A word from the devil.

If we can get the word out to Rowen to stop his self-destructive behavior, we can stem the tide of madness somewhat.

But to do that, we need to find Rowen eventually.

You can't make a big deal out of announcing that a demon has appeared on the ecliptic to find Rowen.

That's like starting a landslide to put out a fire.

Secretly.

By implication.

If you can reach Rowen and let him know that the Crusaders and the High Priestesses have already sided with the Demon, you can control this chaos.

They tried to purge Rowen.

Elion Bolton's eyes glazed over as he realized the ramifications of his choice.

We don't know what the Empire is up to, but it's clear that it's doing something quite dangerous and sinister.

If the empire-hating Rowen were to learn of it, he felt that bad things were bound to happen, one way or another.

But in the end, Elion Bolton was caught in a self-fulfilling prophecy: to stop something dangerous, he invited something even more dangerous.

The Demon is waiting for information from the Crusaders, and he's probably scrambling to find Rowen himself.

But in the end, the important information is inside the Crusaders themselves.

Deciphering the coded documents will reveal the power of the cultists, and perhaps lead to Rowen's whereabouts.

But that task.

Grewen had accumulated so much material over the years that he was not able to analyze it properly.

It's been a few days already.

But hey, we've already been through this once, so there's time before the next one.

Even if the coded documents were decrypted and the information extracted, Rowen would still know what he had left behind.

So I could think of any number of ways to make this information worthless.

Just one word.

The devil you worship and follow so much has already come to us.

All I need to do is say that word and everything will be fine, but I can't do that.

The Devil's Approach.

The only ones who know are the Crusader Knights and the Popes of the Five Great Houses.

Just as the Gate debacle ultimately came down to misunderstandings and lies, so too is Rowen trying to set the ecliptic on fire without realizing that what he so desperately wants has already been accomplished.

Elayon Bolton watches as numerous priests shuffle through papers.

I should have spared a few of the Inquisitors.

If we had, it wouldn't have taken this long.

But there's no point in hindsight.

If only the Crusader Knights weren't so wary of having too much power that they deliberately don't tell you what you need to know.

If we had, this wouldn't have happened.

Popes and Elion Bolton's hypervigilance ruined everything.

Elion Bolton flips through the coded documents.

Having never served as an inquisitor, Elion Bolton could not and did not need to read these coded documents.

As such, all of the priests in the analytical chamber had either served as inquisitors or were doing something related to that.

Technically, Rowen was in charge of all the Inquisitors, so they were his subordinates.

However, most of Rowen's direct reports, who would know the key details of the case, are dead, so progress is slow.

But really.

Is it really?

Elion Bolton sees the priests in the analysis room in a flash of inspiration.

Turn the page, write something down, do something.

To do something.

Elion Bolton watches them go.

You're doing something.

But eye movement.

A hand gesture that flips through a piece of paper.

There's an unknown there.

An odd sense of dissonance.

It looks like it's doing something.

It looks like it wants to do nothing.

That's the kind of awkwardness I feel.

Elion Bolton covers his face with both hands and lets out a deep sigh.

'Holy crap.......'

It was stupid.

It was too stupid.

They could not be more relevant to Rowen.

By the way.

But why on earth.

Did he trust them to follow his orders?

That the Crusaders are a group that does the bidding of their leader.

Why did I take it for granted?



* * *



Can you find a needle in a haystack?

That would be hard unless you had a ton of time on your hands. And now, when I wasn't even sure how much time I had, I was feeling in real time what it felt like to have my blood run dry.

The debacle, presumably involving Rowen, was going nowhere.

I debated dozens of times a day whether or not to include a super rainfall to show that the Devil had appeared on the ecliptic.

An accident happens and some flow happens.

You can't stop it.

But I'm not going to find Rowen by screaming at the top of my lungs from the sidewalk, so I'll have to wait for information from the Crusaders.

The same was true on the Bertus side.

Rowen told him what they had been doing and what they could do, but Bertus could do nothing but frame the catastrophe as a massacre.

If things get even more extreme, Bertus might actually choose to wipe out the entire refugee camp.

Hundreds of thousands have already died in one fell swoop.

An empire that has reached the point where it can roll a guard of masterminds can make such a thing happen.

If things get any weirder, tens of thousands, not hundreds of thousands, are slaughtered.

Not death by disaster, not death by starvation, but death by genocide.

I can't let that happen, but there's little I can do about it.

All you can do is get a little more information, a little faster, to get to Rowen.

You need to find the needle in the haystack.

You need to find it quickly.

For a guy who loves the devil so much, the least you can do is tell him to shut up and watch me now that I'm here so this craziness stops.

The Great Hall of Alth is an overly prominent location.

And meeting the popes in person is risky.

That's why we told them to send a contact to the designated contact point.

The location is the sewer under the Bronzegate Bridge.

The location of the Rotary Club.

As I made my way to the rendezvous point, I saw someone who appeared to be my contact standing in the corner of the sewer waiting for me.

A woman in tattered robes smiles at me.

The smile was a little uncanny.

What to say.

overly welcoming.

A smile that doesn't quite fit this moment.

"The Devil."

And overly friendly nicknames.

We don't know what's going on.

"Maybe......."

But then you realize.

Although it's impossible to find a needle in a haystack.

"I think you're Rowen."

The needle came to me, was it possible?





Episode 611.





For some reason, Rowen himself was waiting for me.

What's going on.

Did the popes deceive me?

Is there a reason for that?

Unsure of the right answer, Rowen kneels down to me.

"It is an infinite honor to see you again, my lord."

It was a sign of complete submission.

"Why are you here? I was obviously looking for you, but I certainly don't remember asking you to come here. We've never met, have we?"

"I know everything that goes on in the Order of ......."

a.

Was it?

The ecliptic has its own environment.

The Five Great Houses within the ecliptic.

Crusader Knights inside the Ecliptic.

At some point, it wasn't the butler's, and it wasn't the pope's.

Elion Bolton didn't know it, the popes didn't know it, Bertus didn't know it.

I didn't know that either.

"I should have met you, not the popes, if I wanted to eat the Lord's Supper in the first place."

"Sort of."

I've just met the right person to hand over the Order to me.

"All those who agree with me, I am ready to support you."

The popes, as well as the head of the Crusader Knights, knew that there were many forces within the Order that supported me, but they had no idea that I had been outmaneuvering them for so long since they had organized.

The Crusader Knights who attempted to purge Rowen would not have been his.

But that was about it.

There were only a handful of them that he could manipulate at will.

The rest of the paladins who follow the leader are all in the Allied garrison.

The ecclesiastical powers of the ecliptic had become Rowen's, not the Pope's.

So now, the Crusaders hadn't returned to their home base, but were actually in enemy territory.

Rowen was able to deal with pagan cults, including warrior cults and demonic cults, as well as the main cults within the ecliptic.

"It's a tempting offer, but why should I hold your hand when I'm pretty sure you're not even pretending to be sane?"

It doesn't take much of a conversation to realize that Rowen is a tainted human being.

"Do you think the popes are sane?"

"I may not be crazy, but I'm better than you."

No matter how sweet the promise of fruit, it's hard to resist.

I'm just here to stop the craziness.

Rowen looks up cautiously.

It was a hard look to bear.

He was flattered that I dared to even look up at him, but I could see in his eyes that he was literally "daring" to look up at me because he wanted to make eye contact and talk to me.

Gut-wrenching awe.

The mere fact that it was pointed at me was enough to make me feel uncomfortable.

"If you compare someone who uses pagans to start a riot to someone who thinks about killing all pagans, who's crazier? They're both crazy, but I'm not sure which is crazier."

But the words that came out of Rowen's mouth were more shocking than the look in her eyes.

"......what?"

The former is Rowen.

And the latter?

"Didn't the popes say that?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Didn't you say something about pagan cleansing?"

Pagan Purification.

I felt my whole body freeze at the eerie word.

"You didn't really think the five popes were just going to sit back and watch the size of the infidels, did you?"

Yes.

That's what I said.

"Now" is a time when you can't just kill infidels.

It reads like a statement of intent to kill as soon as they can.

And through Rowen, he knew the size of the cult and its leaders.

It was impossible to eradicate in the first place, so we tried to control it.

And after all of that, you'd want to get rid of it.

"They say new wine should be in new bottles, so why would you want to put anything less than vinegar in an old leather bag?"

Rowen was almost purged.

Then Rowen, and now he was telling me about the Purge.

"Do you mean to tell me you did this to save the infidels?"

"I want the Empire to fall, and I want the Devil to be the master of a new age."

"......."

"Tens of millions of pagans being saved by the Devil is kind of a byproduct of that."

Rowen laughs with an odd expression.

It was a very awkward, bizarre laugh.

"And no matter how much I enjoy killing and torturing people, it's still sad when tens of millions of people die."

"......."

"That's not supposed to happen."

A heretic's life is a life after all, says the Inquisitor.

It had a very unpleasant ring to it, like a serial killer talking about the dignity of life.

And the unpleasantness comes from the fact that Rowen isn't wrong.

There's nothing more disgusting than a wrong being saying the right thing.

"The popes really wanted to kill all the pagans, and they think they can get away with it?"

"You don't think you can do it?"

"......what?"

"Isn't it a good thing for the empire if there are fewer refugees who can't even feed themselves?"

I couldn't help but roll my eyes at the eerie possibility.

"Do you think it would be impossible to blame the infidel for what happened in the basement of the Crusade and kill him?"

"......."

"It's a matter of whether you can afford it or not. You know you can do it if you want to do it."

My work with the Crusaders is what I did.

But the popes weren't looking for a culprit, they were trying to pass it off as a pagan crime?

"No way, was that the policy in the first place?"

"He told me to look into that direction: ......."

The popes wanted to control the pagans, so they used Rowen.

This is how this bizarre structure of the Five Great Houses of God was established, with the pagans actually being the ones behind it.

But in the end, the popes couldn't kill the pagans, they were just keeping them under control, and if they could push them all away, they would.

The popes wanted to make it a pagan crime, regardless of the facts.

But Rowen had almost all the information he needed about the pagans in the refuge. Even if he captured and tortured the unidentified cultists, he would know they were not the culprits. They might be able to make a fake culprit, but they wouldn't be the real thing.

And they tried to approach the empire as the culprit.

There, Elayon Bolton ordered her to stop the investigation, but Rowen wouldn't listen.

It is clear that the popes are preparing to kill all infidels at some point.

Of course, that's not going to happen right away.

The popes hid their intentions from me. They must have known that I would be sensitive to the idea of a pagan purification.

These are the greats who will swallow it if it's sweet and spit it out if it's bitter.

They are attached to me because the tide of public opinion in the church is turning in my favor.

Is Rowen crazy.

Or are the popes crazy.

Both would be crazy.

However, it's clear whose hands we need to hold.



* * *



The mood in the Emperor's City was fierce and turbulent. The recent riots and massacre of the guards were a reminder.

Smoke from the burning of corpses rose everywhere, and the guards roaming the camp were not the usual ones.

Silent guards, wearing helmets that obscured their faces, walked the streets wordlessly.

With so much hatred and anger toward the guards, no one dared to touch them as they roamed the streets alone.

For everyone could see that the silent watchers were something more than mere guards.

Some strange beings, human but not quite human, roam the refugee camp.

They resorted to extreme measures at the slightest sign of violence.

It was like a machine roaming the streets, unresponsive to anyone's words, to anyone's cries.

The guards who now control the camp said nothing, gave no warning.

He walked slowly through the streets, and at the first sign of disturbance, he headed straight for the kill and disappeared.

People were extremely frightened by its inhuman appearance.

After a few days of this.

Each of the four who sought Rowen's death remained in the temple in that ominous atmosphere.

Ludwig was given hope that the chimeric procedure might give him his arm back, but he also knew it would be life-threatening, and he was living with that choice every day.

And then there was the sudden disturbance in the ecliptic, which forced me to spend several days of silence in the temple.

But we can't do that forever.

Ellen called Heinrich, Louise, and Ludwig together.

"I think it's time to decide what to do."

In the end, the underlying problem was not solved.

Who killed Rowen.

The Emperor said that it was not the Empire that killed Rowen.

"It's unlikely that Bertus was lying about what he said then, since he showed us the lab, and if it was the Empire that killed Rowen, they had no reason to hide it."

"I suppose."

Louise nodded in agreement with Ellen.

It revealed a secret that was bigger and more important than killing Rowen. Technically, the death of one priest is very minor compared to what's going on in that lab.

If I had killed Rowen, I would have said that I had no choice but to do so.

He wouldn't lie if he didn't have to, so logic dictates that the Empire's failure to kill Rowen was likely true in and of itself.

What Dettomorian said.

I said I'd find out when I found Ashur, but what I found out was that the Empire wasn't involved in Rowen's death.

But that doesn't change the fact that you've learned something.

We were able to rule out one of the prime suspects.

"You wouldn't be wrong that Rowen's approach to Ludwig was to investigate Temple in the first place."

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Then the Empire has a reason to kill Rowen. But the Empire has nothing to do with it, and under the circumstances, there's no reason for her to be lying......."

It wasn't supposed to be a mob attack.

The only faction that had reason to want Rowen dead was the Empire, and they didn't kill him.

So the situation was a quagmire.

"Were they really killed by infidels?"

Heinrich's question was.

Rowen was an inquisitor in the first place, so it's clear that if the pagans knew of her existence, they would always want to kill her.

"It's entirely possible that he didn't die pursuing the case, and that he was retaliated against because of the karma he's accumulated."

Ellen echoed Heinrich's sentiment, as if she couldn't deny the possibility.

"But suffice it to say that refugee camps are dangerous right now......."

It was the site of a large-scale riot, which was subdued by a massacre. Therefore, the current refugee zone was not a place to go and do anything good.

Carnage.

It literally took me by surprise.

Everyone in the room knew that the army we were building to end the gate crisis was being sent to kill people.

It's no secret that too much is being justified in the name of gating.

But even if it's not dangerous, it's no different.

If it was the cultists who killed Rowen, we don't even know where they are.

"But what happened in the first place....... at the Crusader cemetery."

After being silent, Ludwig speaks up.

"Is what happened there....... Is that what the Empire did?"

"Uh."

"Hmm."

"......!"

We all realized that we hadn't been thinking about the first thing we should have been thinking about in the face of this shocking truth.





Episode 612.





"I think those bodies got out as the undead, that's our conclusion, but what the Empire does is they take them and they regenerate them in those....... and reanimate them in these giant vats."

"Right."

"Then....... that what happened there had nothing to do with the Empire in the first place....... I think, but....... I'm sorry. I didn't mean to confuse you, I just thought maybe that's what happened......."

"No, you're right."

Ellen shook her head firmly when Ludwig tried to cloud her words.

"I don't need to ask Bertus to know that. It's clearly a different case, and there's no reason for the Empire to steal the graves of the Crusaders."

Crusader Grave Robbing.

And swapping bodies in a national cemetery.

That's a different case.

They work too differently, and the Empire has no reason to touch the Crusader Graveyard in the first place.

"So Rowen was investigating the wrong guy in the first place."

But it's just another labyrinth.

It's all the Empire's doing, but they didn't kill Rowen, and they had nothing to do with the theft from the Crusader catacombs.

Rowen then approaches Ludwig to go after the wrong guy.

Of course, there were enough similarities in the scene to make me think it was the work of the Empire.

However, they are technically two different events.

So who are the people behind the underground?

Did they kill Rowen?

"Now I really don't know what....... I have no idea."

Heinrich began to rack his brains.

"We don't have to think about this anymore. We're not obligated to reveal the truth."

Ellen said.

"I also wanted to find out why this archbishop named Rowen had approached Ludwig, and if he had any intention of killing me, but some things became clear: Rowen had approached Ludwig, and the reason was to investigate the Temple."

Not all questions are unanswered, so it's okay to let the case go with only unanswered questions.

It's not even an unjust death, as we learn that Rowen was involved in a lot of bad things; she literally did enough to deserve to die.

Karma, or should I say retribution.

If someone had retaliated against Rowen, it would have been what she deserved.

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"Yeah, I guess I don't need to know everything......."

The truth you already know. The truth you know is overwhelming. Just enduring what's already happening is overwhelming.

It's painful enough to have to remain silent about something that's clearly wrong because it's real.

I don't think it's possible to dig any deeper into Rowen's work here, which is now completely lost.

"But when you give up, do it anyway. There's one last possible place."

Ellen says it's okay to let go, but she looks at everyone as if this is the last time she'll ever do it.

"The Crusader said that if the popes are trying to hide something from you, you can't know it."

"......Yes."

"And it's also true that the Crusader Master was hiding something from me."

Ellen says still.

"We need to find out what they're hiding, and even if they're not, the Crusaders are investigating this on their own. If they find anything, they might be willing to share it with us. If we don't get anything there, let's end this here."

The last ones to go.

Once again, to the Crusader Knightmaster.

And the Popes of the Five Great Houses.

We don't know if the truth they have has anything to do with Rowen's murder.

However, if I couldn't get anything out of it, it was time to dust myself off.



* * *



The case is a quagmire.

Unless the Empire, the most likely suspect, did this, the only other possibility is the pagans. But figuring out which one of them is the culprit is near impossible.

That's why Ellen decided to visit the Crusaders one last time.

But it was a sensitive issue.

'Commander, you can now visit....... It's okay if you stop helping him, you might get in trouble.'

That's why Ellen told Louise that she didn't need to get involved anymore.

'What's the point of that now? I'm coming.'

Having already learned too much about what not to know, Louise realized that she, too, must come to an end.

Whatever the secrets of the Crusaders are, they are greater than those of the Empire.

Once again, four people left the temple.

The four of you walked the length of the halted magic train to the Great Hall of the Crusaders.

"The director is out of the office."

With those simple words, the paladins guarding the main gate blocked Ellen's path.

"Then I'll wait inside until you get back."

"You're going to be gone for quite a while, so you won't be back anytime soon."

"......."

Ellen glares at the paladins guarding the entrance.

The attitude is odd for some reason.

I was also blocked when I tried to enter the burned temple. I could tell he was really troubled.

But for now, something.

It's a little weird.

"Are you saying you went back to the Allied garrison?"

"......Yes."

That's a lie.

There is no way that Elayon Bolton would have returned to the Alliance garrison without properly finalizing the events of the current ecliptic.

The gatekeeper is lying now, because he wouldn't have returned without knowing what was going on in the zodiac.

But why tell such a blatant lie?

And.

Ellen looks at her surroundings, not at the paladin in front of her.

The paladins guarding the gate all have their eyes on Ellen.

Ellen and the gang.

Ellen takes a step toward the paladin.

"......!"

As Ellen approaches, he takes a step back.

A slightly different look than last time.

"Why is it falling like this?"

Despite his armor, the corners of his eyes, his face, and his fingertips were trembling.

It looked terrified.

Why?

"You don't have to come back right away. I'm going to go inside, and if you're not there, I'll find someone who is."

The moment Ellen tried to pass.

"You're not allowed in."

"......."

The terrified paladin blocked Ellen with his body.

I don't know what happened, but this cleared it up for me.

The absence of a Templar isn't the point.

It's important that we don't let Ellen in.

"Get out of the way."

"...... is not allowed."

It wasn't just the paladin in front of her, but the other paladins as well, and Ellen could feel the tension in the air.

As the mood begins to turn sour, so do the expressions on the other three faces in the back as they wait for Ellen to finish her story.

"Maybe I'm in the right place."

Ellen shakes her head, looking at the terrified paladin.

"You want to see if I can force my way through. If you want to know, try blocking it one more time."

Ellen takes another step toward the entrance of the Great Hall.

This time, the gatekeepers were unable to stop Ellen in her tracks.



* * *



Ellen entered the battlefield instead.

The paladins who hadn't stopped Ellen stared at her back, their faces grim.

"...... That's weird."

Instead, it was a very strange sight.

Obviously, I came in with the idea that there was something there.

"Is anyone....... Why isn't he there?"

When I stopped by a few days ago, there were a lot of paladins and priests roaming around.

But now there was silence, with no one coming or going.

It can be incredibly disconcerting to be in an overly large space and not hear any sound.

Everyone was feeling that awkwardness.

"Something's going on."

"Let's go up."

The Crusaders' Great Hall, which seems to be nearly empty.

Ellen led the group up the stairs, if only to confirm the absence of the crusader leader.

My heart was beating in a strange rhythm.

What happens.

No, it happened.

Instead, the battlefield was empty.

It's as if you're trying to bite someone on purpose.

Soon, Ellen's quest to reach the upper levels, where the Crusader Knights' offices were located, was cut short.

-Pooh! Pow!

That's because I started hearing an eerie beeping sound.

"What......?"

The sound of something sharp tearing and cutting flesh.

-Thump! Thump!

The sound of something hitting a wall.

It was loud enough for Ellen, whose senses were far more acute than the average person's, to hear, as well as for the others.

It was so quiet in the room that the sound echoed even more clearly.

Ellen ran straight to where she heard it.

Close to the crusader leader's office.

Conference Room.

The sound was coming from there.

-Bang!

Without hesitation, Ellen kicked in the closed conference room door.

I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw what was happening in front of me.

Someone was killing people.

Ellen looks at the blood and dead people in the room.

Their flesh was strewn about, unrecognizable from how they had been torn and slashed.

The huge conference room was a pool of blood.

The person behind you slowly turns his head.

"No one told me to come this way......."

He turns around, sees Ellen, and twists his mouth into a grotesque grin.

"This would have been unstoppable."

"What....... What is this......?"

As Ellen froze and muttered, others arrived.

"Uh......?"

Ludwig could not help but be mesmerized by the scene of carnage and the man who seemed to be the master of it.

"Priest......?"

"Ah, Ludwig......."

She wipes the bridge of her nose with the back of her hand, holding the small sword in a reverse grip.

He tries to wipe the blood away, but it's a bizarre sight, with more blood smeared on his face.

"I see, Ludwig doesn't know anything......."

The look of regret on his face was palpable.

But the look of pure apology on his face, as opposed to the blood all over his body, only made him look more eerie.

"How did the priest......?"

Ludwig's reaction made it clear who the woman in front of him was.

Archbishop Rowen is alive.

A supposedly dead priest is on a killing spree in the great hall on the top floor of the Crusader Order.

And the paladins blocking the way at the entrance.

Empty substitution.

You can probably guess that this is not an isolated incident.

There was some collusion.

A conspiracy so big it's hard to fathom.

And dead people.

The clothes of the murdered, unrecognizable.

"You, who did you kill?"

At Ellen's question, Rowen shrugs.

"The popes."

The dead totaled five.

That was enough for Ellen to guess what was going on.

"By the way, have you guys seen Elion Bolton?"

"......what?"

"Where and how I smelled it. Because he ran away."

The crusader leader was not lying when he said he was out of town.

It's everyone's first time seeing Rowen in person except Ludwig.

"If you don't know, can you please stop interfering and get lost?"

"......what?"

"It's rude to stick your nose in other people's business."

I don't even know where things started anymore.

The priest who was said to be dead is alive.

For some reason, the priest is slaughtering five popes.

It's almost as if everyone in the room has moved out of the way.

Where.

What.

How did we get to this point?

Should I draw my sword?

Ellen's eyes were wide and her fingertips were shaking.

"I don't like that crazy bitch either, but I think we should leave her alone for now."

Suddenly, I heard a voice behind me, and I couldn't help but turn my attention to the hallway this time.

"It's all well and good for you to be all over the place, but why don't you back off?"

All four were even more aghast at the sudden appearance of the man.

"Olivia...... lanche?"

One of the three Temple students who disappeared with the Devil.

Olivia Ranze was looking at them.

Not Heinrich, not Ludwig, not Ruiz.

I was horrified, knowing that she should never have been in this position.

"I'll make it short."

Olivia looks at them, arms crossed, whether they realize she's there or not.

"From now on, the Crusader Knights and the Order of the Five Great Masters are ours. Well...... technically, we're just getting back on track."

"What did you say......?"

"So, go home thinking that's it."

Olivia was looking exactly at Ellen.

"You're smart, you know that if you start pulling knives around here, things are going to get weird, right?"

In the face of such an arrogant and imposing threat, Ellen felt like giving up on understanding the situation.





第613季节





Elayon Bolton waited at the warp spot for his spacewalk.

The popes knew that the Devil's following was growing, and Elayon Bolton was surely sensing the tide, if not the details.

But that wasn't the point.

The Cult of the Eclipse had already been mobilized by the Demon King's followers, and it was clear that Rowen was a key figure.

But it's only the Cult of the Eclipse that has fallen for it.

Allies.

The paladins and priests under the constant command of Elayon Bolton could support the Demon King, but they could not be controlled by Rowen.

A bond that has crossed battlefields and lines of fire together countless times is not something that can be betrayed easily.

As such, the Cult of the Zodiac forces are literally a handful compared to the paladins and priests of the Alliance.

While the Crusader Templar may have a lower actual rank than the Pope, he has a great deal of authority and power.

And that's just what Rowen has gotten his hands on.

The Crusaders were, and still are, capable of staging coups whenever they feel like it.

If he returns to the Allied lines with a large army of paladins, Elayon Bolton has enough troops to push back the unholy forces of the Eclipse.

Elayon Bolton was a madman who sought to execute the head of his enemies in the middle of the enemy's territory.

The most elite paladins who carried out the order were men of Elayon Bolton, but even they were slain by Rowen.

You have been grossly underestimating Rowen's combat power. It's clear that he's been hiding his true strength.

Elayon Bolton would pick and choose from those who remained, and those who were not captured by Rowen, under his breath, and Elayon Bolton would return to the Allied garrison.

The power of the Cult of the Zodiac is already beyond the control of the Popes and the Crusaders.

We don't know what we're going to do, but we need to get back to the Allied lines and think about it.

I've been back to a few places I thought I was home, so for now, I need to get my thoughts together while I'm safe.

"Forward to....... What the hell is going on?"

"I don't know."

I'm also outraged that the popes handed over the entire Church to the devil, and they weren't even the ones making the decisions about the Church in the first place.

And he was tasking Rowen's people to track her down.

The ecliptic is dangerous.

You need to leave.

That's why Elayon Bolton was at the warp spot, waiting for the mass teleportation spell to activate to take him back to the Alliance.

"When we get back, we'll go straight to the center. There's no guarantee Rowen hasn't tried his tricks there, too. We'll do the verification, and then we'll figure out how to handle this......."

You've ruined everything.

Elion Boulton felt like biting his tongue at the thought of breaking everything.

Go back.

Just go back, and then.

What's next?

Get it wrong and you could start a civil war.

It's not a small place.

The paladins and priests of the Alliance follow their crusader leader more than the Pope. There are some who support the Demon King, but it is only out of sympathy; they truly follow the man they have fought alongside, Elayon Bolton. As such, they have no choice but to side with him.

Now, Elion Bolton is a commander who has abandoned his army and gone into enemy territory.

If he can get back on track, if he can bring his army with him, control of the situation is in Elion Bolton's hands.

I had no intention of overstepping the authority of the popes.

But if the authority of the popes has become worthless, it's a problem that shouldn't go unaddressed.

It means that the Church of the Lord has completely ceased to function as an organization.

The fact that the Church of God has been privatized by a single entity is itself a problem.

If it was the choice of the chiefs to negotiate and coexist with the demons, I would respect that. There was no reason to disagree.

However, if someone other than the head of the Order is already in control of the Order, the Order should not exist that way.

The popes were incompetent.

Also, Elion Bolton was incompetent.

You think you're reading the signs, but you're looking up at the signs.

Empires, demons, and emperors.

I was thinking about those things and not really looking at the changes that were happening underneath.

I thought the movement from below might touch on a big problem, but I didn't realize that the movement from below was already a big problem.

I don't know where to start, but I'm going back.

The popes were incompetent beyond incompetent.

But Elion Bolton knows he's not incompetent, even though he's painfully aware of it.

A vast army of paladins and priests are still under his control.

After returning home, you must do something about the ruined Church of the Lord.

You should be able to decide what to do next.

"When we get back, we're going straight to headquarters."

"Yes, sir."

Elayon Bolton is nervous and anxious that his return could be the beginning of a massive civil war.

Will he go along with it, what will happen to his bond with the demon, and what will happen to Rowen.

There was so much at stake in his hands.

How long have I been waiting.

-Flash!

With a flash, Mass Teleport was cast.

With the fading of his vision, Elayon Bolton opened his closed eyes.

"......."

And as soon as Elion Bolton saw what was in front of him, it all clicked.

Since you traveled from a warp spot, you should have traveled directly to the warp spot of the Allied garrison.

But.

Elion Bolton has arrived in an unnamed forest.

And none of the people he was with were with him.

But he wasn't alone.

There were two people in front of me.

On a tree stump, a demon sat.

"I thought you were going to call it Intercept....... Well, it's a feature, I just experienced it, okay?"

And by his side was a girl with forked hair.

"This is ......."

Daughter of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen, the greatest genius in the history of magic, was at the Devil's side.

"I went to....... in the first place in the first place."

When Elion Bolton dies, civil war breaks out.

There was no way that what the Crusader leader knew, the others didn't know.

"This is so....... We were supposed to hold hands, but now we have to face each other like this."

Yesterday's enemy is today's friend.

Yesterday, we were supposed to be friends, but today we're enemies again.

Around and around we went, and that was that.



* * *



What happens when Elayon Bolton returns to the Allied garrison.

It was inevitable that something like this would happen, as I knew I had to be on the lookout for it. The moment Elion Bolton disappeared in the first place, it was only natural that he would try to return to the garrison.

"I wasn't going to kill any of you originally."

The Devil says, still.

"You know, there's no point in changing popes or crusaders, it's just a pain in the ass."

"I like the status quo. I like it more than you do."

"Of course, I don't want the gate situation to stay the way it is."

"So without much change, the Crusaders are the way they are, the Popes are the way they are. Let's just keep it rolling and stay out of each other's way. No more bloodshed. That's what I was thinking. So I wasn't going to kill them, I wasn't going to change them."

"But if we don't change it, something even worse might happen."

"And you were up to no good and didn't tell me about it?"

"I know it's hard for us to be full allies or superiors, but I heard that the popes wanted to kill all the infidels."

"I was willing to be taken advantage of, but you didn't say you were going to let me crush your liver because it's stuck to your gallbladder, or remove your gallbladder because it's stuck to your liver."

Elayon Bolton's eyes widened at the demon's words.

"Yeah, you wouldn't have known, it was the idea of the popes, and you were too busy killing monsters to think about it."

"Thank you for saving me from making lame excuses."

"I'm not going to say it's your fault for not knowing, because it's not really your fault."

For Elion Bolton, the war was hard enough.

Elion Bolton was too far away from the ecliptic to know what was going on, what the popes were thinking, and what was going on inside the Church from there.

This was true even before the Allied forces arrived. He roamed the battlefield rather than being at the Crusader headquarters.

I was so committed to the war that I was too far removed from the practice.

That's what Elion Bolton did.

I tried too hard.

To work too hard, to fulfill your responsibilities and beliefs as a powerful paladin who fights for herself.

I didn't care about politics.

"So, the popes have decided to change all that, and of course, if they hold a knife to my throat and tell me not to do that, I'm going to have to nod my head no, but I've already been screwed over enough by the time the motherfuckers tell me about their pagan holocaust plans, so I'd rather have someone there who listens to me and knows what I'm thinking."

"No way......."

Elayon Bolton stares at the demon, mouth agape.

"I met Rowen too late, I don't know if it was before he did something crazy, but if we let this continue, either all the heathens will die or the Empire will be crushed."

The devil had to decide.

"The Five Great Houses of God will be united, and a new religious system will be established that incorporates demonism and warrior religions to protect all pagans. No, you're not a pagan anymore, you're a part of the Order."

Unified Cult.

"And my sister, who I know well, will be the head of it."

The arrows and bombs fired by the others explode here and there, eventually converging into one big blast.

In the end, it was both a great unifier and a great divider.

Instead of preventing disruption now, it will be a key part of the divide later.

"In the middle of the Empire....... and plant the flag of Darkland in the middle of the Empire......."

The forces of the Devil have entered the ecliptic, and all who are observant know it.

"Yeah."

If we don't do this, we might break everything, so the devil is in the details.

We tried to utilize the Five Great Houses, but the situation has gotten out of hand. As such, we are in a situation where we cannot survive unless we make greater improvements to our constitution.

What would have been deferred to the future had he not tried to kill Rowen, was rapidly accelerated by a single decision by Elayon Bolton.

"The purge and all that, I honestly didn't agree with it, which is why I left you guys alone, but I think Rowen, that crazy bitch, was right."

"......."

"It seems to me that new booze should be in new bottles."

If you take control of a group and then leave it alone, you're leaving vested interests in place, and you're not really in control. You can hide as much as you want to hide from the top, and you can collude as much as you want to collude.

"It was impossible to just lend them a name."

If you're going to do it, do it right.

And brutally.

You want to make sure there is no warping.

I realized that purges are not uncommon even in times of chaos, and that in a time when the world is shaking, it would be foolhardy to try to take control of a group and not take out the incumbents.

I thought I controlled the Church and the Templars because I had the Popes and the Crusaders.

But the reality was that I hadn't gotten the slightest bit of control.

The existing popes have always harbored the idea of purging the pagans at some point, so they are not the right people for a reformed religious system, nor can we hope to inject new ideas into their inevitably aging heads. If they did cooperate, it would be under the guise of cooperation.

Eliminated popes who thought they had power when they didn't.

And this time, Elion Bolton.

It has power, it has symbolism, and it has a lot of followers.

The de facto core of the Order's power.

Had Elayon Bolton returned safely to the Allied garrison, civil war could have erupted in the ecliptic, depending on his choices.

"The popes are a pain in the ass, but you've done your best, and all you've gotten is a handshake?"

In reality, Elion Bolton didn't even sell the Church to the devil; that was the choice of the popes.

The purging of Rowen was ultimately done because it was best not to have that kind of chaos at this point.

"But since I've decided to push Rowen, I can't come with you."

But that doesn't change the fact that Elayon Bolton is an established faction now that the Purge has begun.

Not backing down because you're doing it wrong, but backing down because you have to.

Purge is what it is.

And now that he has chosen to take Rowen's hand, Elayon Bolton, the man who tried to kill Rowen, is no longer a threat to the Crusaders.

"That's why, unlike the popes, I want to give you a choice."

Elayon Bolton stared at the Demon King with a stony expression.

"Options......?"

"Yeah, just two."

The devil holds up two fingers.

"First, you die on this spot by my hand."

The devil folds his fingers together.

"Second, retire gracefully."

Retirement.

It was more unthinkable than death.



* * *



There was an uncomfortable silence on the top floor of the Great Hall of the Crusaders.

The survival of a priest who was thought to be dead.

And the scene where that priest murdered five popes in cold blood.

Olivia Ranze, who disappeared with the devil.

We don't know how it all started, but Olivia Ranze was straightforward.

The Crusader Knights and the Order of the Five Masters now belong to the Devil.

Ellen's fists were clenched, unable to do anything, and so were Louise and Heinrich.

"Nonsense....... nonsense......."

Only Ludwig is there, glaring at Olivia Ranze.

"How can you be here? How can the Devil have the Crusaders? That can't happen....... It can't happen! How could you! Like this....... Like this. Like this. Talking shit like that in the middle of the ecliptic!"

Ludwig's dormant anger and self-pity explodes.

"Don't you have the slightest sense of guilt? Do you know how many people died because of you? And this was all the Devil's plan? How dare you have the nerve to do this......!"

"Hey."

"Am I talking to you?"

"......what?"

Olivia clicks her tongue briefly.

"And who are you in the first place?"

"!!"

As far as Olivia could remember, Ludwig was just a passing acquaintance.





Episode 614.





Who you are.

Ludwig stiffened at the shocking words.

Ludwig was left speechless by the realization that his opponent didn't even know him.

"I don't have time to convince a nag like you."

Treating nags.

Ludwig felt the urge to bite his tongue at that point.

"Back off, Ellen. I don't want to fight with you."

"......."

At this point, Olivia didn't speak to anyone except Ellen Artorius.

Even Louise is treated as if she's an afterthought, as if she knows that if Ellen steps down, everyone else will.

Ludwig's eyes light up as he watches Ellen, unable to draw her sword or retreat.

That hesitation.

The horror.

That fear and hesitation.

Ludwig clearly sees it.

In the first place, being a warrior is just a front.

It was impossible for Ellen to stand up to the Devil.

I still haven't gotten over my past feelings.

I wanted to do it just in case.

When Ellen faces the Devil, she may not be able to fight him.

Like Ellen's sensitive response to Christina's rant.

Whatever the truth, Ellen might not be able to hold a sword to the devil, Ludwig thought.

At this point, Ludwig has no choice but to check.

Ellen's inability to show hostility to the man who disappeared with the demon, let alone the demon.

Ellen is not the one to fight the devil.

This is where you realize.

-curl!

Ludwig's entire body is instantly enveloped in blue magic.

Understand that Ellen has no choice.

I don't blame Ellen.

But if no one steps up, if Ellen, for whatever reason, doesn't want to fight.

Someone else has to fight.

Don't let fear and panic hold you back.

Someone has to punish those demons.

"Ludwig! No!"

Ludwig started to leave, but Ellen quickly grabbed his shoulder.

"Are you....... No. Don't. You don't know anything. Don't do it. Don't fight."

Why I can't fight.

Why you can't draw your sword.

You don't know, Ludwig said, and Ludwig bit his lip.

"What don't I know?"

"......."

"What can't you tell me?"

Ludwig's words are echoed by Ellen.

You're disgusted with yourself for having to say it, but you know you can't help it.

"What you don't know, you're better off not knowing......."

When the Emperor and Tana tell her that she doesn't need to know about such things, Ellen insists that I do, and she tells Ludwig what she heard.

"It's all my fault. It's all my fault. That's all you need to know....... That's all you need to know......."

You don't know anything.

It's better not to know.

A little bit of truth is, after all, worse than nothing at all.

It will only make you feel like you don't deserve to know the truth.

"Okay, don't be silly."

In a tone that is both affectionate and murderous, Ludwig looks at Olivia this time.

"I don't know about Ellen or that princess over there and her superpowers, but you don't seem to care if you get screwed over, and I'll kill you for it."

Those words were the raw truth.

"There are things in the world you don't need to know, and there are things you can't figure out that will only make your head hurt, so just don't know, and don't waste your life being weird and stubborn."

It's a harsh statement, but it's also meant to keep Ludwig from jumping to his death.

There's no reason to approach the truth when it's useless and will only make you sad.

You're no match for me, and you're going to get your ass handed to you.

I don't even know who you are.

Therefore, you're an insignificant bastard who can die and no one will care.

Olivia's words, "I don't care if I have to kill you, I'll kill you if I have to," were the bitter truth.

In the face of that truth, Ludwig couldn't take a step back.

If you find yourself dead on the spot.

If you die.

What's going on?

If Ellen dies, it's a big deal. A warrior is dead.

Louise von Schwarz is the commander of the Schwarz Army. If she dies, the Allies will be thrown into chaos.

Heinrich is a very strong power for the Allies, and is performing at a similar level to Ellen.

None of them should be hurt or killed.

Only Ludwig is there.

They are the most unremarkable of the unremarkable.

Ellen gripped Ludwig's shoulder to keep him from making a move.

"So...... it is......."

If the guy who doesn't care if he dies goes out, he might actually die.

Because Olivia Lanchester might actually do it.

Ludwig couldn't help but notice that Ellen was desperately trying to put him off.

But that's already a weird situation.

The very fact that Olivia Lanchester cares about such things is strange.

Why doesn't Ellen attack Olivia.

Why Olivia doesn't want to fight with Ellen.

If Olivia Lanchester is on the Devil's side, we don't need to worry about that.

Not Ellen, not Louise, not Heinrich.

If they are his subordinates, you should try to kill them. All three would be a threat to him.

Olivia, however, would rather not touch the three of them, and would rather kill Ludwig, who is only a minor player.

And as if Ellen knew that, she stops Ludwig.

Olivia doesn't want to fight with Ellen, and Ellen doesn't want to fight with Olivia.

You don't draw your sword when you hear the shocking news that a demon has consumed the Five Great Houses.

That attitude is telling.

We don't know everything, but we do know one truth from this situation.

The only thing that this situation tells us is that they outwardly acknowledge that they're supposed to hate each other, but when it comes down to it, they can't touch each other.

They don't even hate each other.

I don't even consider it an enemy.

Ellen did not foresee or know about this situation.

However, they are panicked, but they don't end up fighting.

No, you can't fight it.

"From the beginning....... All....... Everything....... Everything people know......."

Ludwig mumbles to himself in disbelief.

"You were lying, weren't you......?"

Ludwig's eyes sank, dark and deep.



* * *



There was no way a fight was going to break out on the spot.

Heinrich and Louise were also silent, knowing the disastrous consequences of their actions.

There were only two types of people: those who never drew their swords, and those for whom drawing their swords was pointless.

In the end, we watched with open eyes as the Crusaders fell into the hands of the demon, and we could do nothing but retreat from the scene.

The Empire was reanimating the bodies of its fallen, creating an army of the undead.

The supposedly dead Rowen is somehow alive and well, and has taken control of the Order as a minion of the Devil.

You'll only know the result.

We could only wait to see the results.

No wonder Louise and Heinrich were as shocked as Ludwig was.

And Ellen's shock could not have been greater.

I couldn't help but feel the fear and horror of Reinhardt's truth, whether I knew it or not, and why he was doing this.

"Ludwig, I'm......."

"I don't know, I don't deserve to know, and what I do know won't make a difference."

After walking for a while, Ellen cautiously opened her mouth to speak, but Ludwig cut her off mid-sentence.

The ability to know something.

The need to not know something.

Is there such a thing.

"Well, no matter how stupid I am, I know that."

"......."

"If the Church of the Gods already belongs to the Devil, then you shouldn't have fought there."

Ludwig nodded slowly, as if he understood why Ellen hadn't fought.

"It's not about whether you can fight the devil or not, it's that you just realized you shouldn't have....... I get it now."

Ludwig now understood that if he messed up, the ecliptic would be shattered.

"I don't think anyone should know that the Cult of the Lord has fallen to the Devil, because if they do, it could lead to worse things."

Ludwig looks at Ellen and asks, should we keep this a secret?

Ellen has no answer.

He looks past Ellen, who doesn't answer, and this time Ludwig looks at Louise.

"Because innocent people might die, because they might get caught up in a fight they don't care about, because we have to do it to reduce casualties."

"......."

Ludwig doesn't blame Ellen.

Ludwig saw with his own eyes that Ellen could not fight the demon.

It's unavoidable.

Ludwig thinks to himself.

What if his dearest friends, like Lannion Sessor and Delphine, who were actually people he cared about, were actually demons?

Even if you were yourself, you wouldn't have drawn your sword.

I'm frustrated, angry, and sad.

I don't think I'll ever be able to fight back.

So, Ludwig was thinking that Ellen might be shaken, and he was right.

I don't blame Ellen.

And there's no reason to complain.

What you can't fight is what you can't fight.

It's the world's demand that Ellen must kill the demon, not her will.

Because it would be incredibly sad to see Ellen, who has already saved so many lives, resented for not being able to stab a demon.

But if you keep getting told you can't do this and you can't do that.

What's left but to say that nothing should be done.

What happens is what happens, and what happens is what happens.

It will be true in every moment that you have to leave it all alone.

And another problem.

As you heard from Christina.

That the Gate debacle wasn't necessarily the Devil's fault.

That there is some hidden truth.

Ludwig doesn't know what Ellen means specifically when she says that all he needs to know is that it's his fault.

The point is, you don't deserve to know the truth.

The reason is simple.

Because it's nothing.

Because you're not important.

They're worthless, so it's okay to kill them, and they don't deserve to know the truth.

Where the hell does that come from.

Who the hell gives you the right to know the truth.

The truth is now rather unimportant.

Whatever it was, Ludwig realized it was worthless.

So, now I don't even have to wonder.

The look on Ludwig's face as he crossed the threshold of helplessness and despair was rather dramatic.

"That's hard."

I'm just saying.

"It's too hard."

After passing through the Temple Gate, Ludwig hurried away, even though the path was the same.

"I'll go first."

No one is fighting.

Someone must have done something wrong.

What to do if no one wants to fight.

As he spoke, Ludwig's dark face and gait seemed more determined than ever.

As if you've just decided what to do.

As if you didn't already know.

Ellen watched Ludwig's back as he walked away, biting her lip.

Small and tiny.

All I could see was the dark, slimy backside of someone who was so small and insignificant that he eventually realized he had nothing to offer.

Olivia Ranze's rant about how four deaths won't affect the mainstream.

It was the raw, unvarnished truth.

Even if the reason for this was to keep Ludwig from doing anything rash, it doesn't change the fact that the words were true and stuck in Ludwig's mind like a badge of honor.

Louise sighs.

"The devil doesn't want the world to end, and the empire is bound to falter, so this is what happens."

Though she couldn't see the details, Louise could sense the vastness of the flow, and knew the past, present, and future to some degree.

I don't need Ellen to tell me, I can already feel it.

Rampaging heathen.

Carnage.

Take control of the Demon's Crusade Knights.

A warrior who can't fight.

A demonic minion who does not want to fight the warrior.

And.

The Silence of the Empire.

"You don't know what you wanted to know, but you know what you need to know."

I couldn't tell where Rowen's work ended and mine began.

I didn't need to know.

But in an odd twist, she learned something she needed to know.

What the royal family must do to survive going forward.

I realized which way the tide was turning.

Ruiz had failed as an individual and hadn't solved anything.

But as Princess of Cernstadt, she couldn't have been more successful.

Louise looks at Ellen, who stares blankly into the snowy void.

It was on the verge of collapse.

But something that can't be broken, so that its stony face doesn't crumple.

That pale, hardened look, like a piece of glass that could shatter at any moment.

Louise continued to stare.





Episode 615.





Ellen turned and walked away quietly.

She realized something and disappeared, taking Ludwig with her, who was stunned.

"That's really bad luck."

Olivia smirked at Rowen's comment.

"I'm pretty sure there's a curse on us. We're always caught doing things we really don't want to be seen, asshole."

"Haha, maybe it's just that every moment is something you really don't want to see?"

"I guess you're right about that."

In the blood-soaked conference room, Olivia watched Rowen clean up the mess.

With a prayer of cleansing, a mop, and a broom, I was sweeping, cleaning, and organizing the scattered bits of flesh.

"If you're going to work so hard to clean it up, why don't you just twist your own neck?"

"These people don't deserve to die in peace, so I gave them a hard time."

"......How do you think someone like you is going to die?"

"I'll think about that then."

"Let's sell it."

"It's got to be good."

Neither Rowen, who cleaned up the blood with a gleeful smile, nor Olivia, who watched the scene in disbelief and offered no help, could be called sane.

"What happened to Elion Bolton?"

"If you go back, you go back, and if you don't go back, you don't go back."

"Good."

We were prepared to intercept Elion Bolton as he returned to the Alliance, or not.

We cannot allow Elayon Bolton to return safely to his camp and lead his army back to the ecliptic.

"I'm not going to kill Elion Bolton, no complaints?"

"I don't know about complaining, but wouldn't that leave a bad taste in my mouth?"

"I'm sending them to a place where they can't come back."

"It's not like we can send them home, is it?"

"Well, we'll give him a nice house with water and a nice view and let him live out his days in comfort, but he can't use anyone, and he can't be used. I don't know about you, but don't you think you have every right to grow old and die in peace?"

"That's not something I'd say after almost getting killed by that guy, but yeah."

Elion Bolton will spend the rest of his life in Edina.

Rowen smiled, knowing what Olivia meant by that.

"By the way, I see you've found a new home somewhere."

"Do you want to go?"

"Sure."

"Look."

"I'll do my best."

He's a tasteless little man, a creepy little madman, but his loyalty to the Devil is real.

It's only been a few days since Olivia has seen Rowen.

But he was very gentle with Rowen.

"I get that you like Reinhardt, but why the hell do I?"

"You're one of the people who believed in the devil when no one else did."

"......a."

Rowen professes to be a follower of the Devil, but when she first sees him, she recognizes his words as lies.

I changed my mind after the gate incident and everything went according to the devil's prediction.

So, from Rowen's point of view, the three people who believed in the Devil from the beginning to the end were almost on equal footing with the Devil.

"I wonder if it was necessary to kill the popes."

Olivia sighed heavily.

"They won't be able to accept the Holy Church, and the idea that Demonism and Deism actually have the same roots, which I still have a hard time accepting, and these old popes are going to be it?"

"I suppose so."

Before learning of the demonic contact, Rowen had envisioned adding two more orders to the Five Great Houses.

Wreak havoc in the refugee camps, causing carnage and maximizing antagonism to the Empire.

They take control of the Cult of the Gods and reform it to include the Crusader Knights and the Great Cult of the Gods, as well as Demonism and Warriorism.

I didn't think it would work, and I didn't have a specific plan.

He just knew that the moment the Five Great Houses expanded, there would be a great deal of chaos.

What Rowen wanted was destruction.

But just in time, the devil showed up.

Chaos was not what the devil wanted.

Rowen wished for destruction, but the demon did not, so the task became different.

Rowen's plan is interrupted, but he can't change what has already happened.

There was carnage, and antipathy toward the Empire was at an all-time high.

It does not attempt to take the next step, which is to make the denomination itself a bomb and blow it up with brute force.

The demon tries to reform the faith.

Like Rowen, I'm not trying to confuse the warrior religion with the demon religion.

In the name of the Cult.

Correct misconceptions about gods and demigods.

Of course, that's not easy either. It does end up being a bomb.

But this time, the architect of the bomb just doesn't have the heart to detonate it.

As such, it is not something that can happen so abruptly as to make the Cult of the Lord a divinity in Edina.

Over time, we'll take slow, incremental steps.

"Even if the popes don't accept our plan, it's not like it wasn't possible to set them up as puppets. Isn't it just going to make things more difficult? Who's going to do what they've been doing? Five popes in a row is suspicious. I don't have anything against Reinhardt, but I'm not sure it's the right choice."

"Ah....... I see what you mean."

Suddenly there are five vacancies for popes.

Hence the confusion Reinhardt doesn't want.

At Olivia's question about whether that in itself would add to the chaos and cause the Order to creak, Rowen shook his head.

"It's okay, the popes didn't do the job in the first place."

"...... was just taking up space?"

"Of course, they'd give orders and we'd do the work, but we didn't actually do the work, we didn't have the power, so it's fine without the popes, it's probably better off without them."

"If you're saying I have to do what you want me to do and do what you tell me to do from below, then the popes worked and had real power. What are you talking about?"

"Did that command come from your own head?"

"Hmm?"

At Rowen's words, Olivia tilted her head in confusion.

"Is the judgment of a person who only listens to what the auxiliary bishops tell him, who judges according to their advice, who is handed an analysis, who is told what the best option is, and who parrots it like a parrot, is it really the judgment that's in his head?"

"Ah."

"If you can control the information that goes into someone's head, you can control their behavior and judgment, but they'll think they're acting on their own. It's surprisingly easier to manipulate the thoughts of stubborn old men."

"You even piloted it?"

"I don't know if it's....... popes' judgment?"

"Heh......."

"I keep hearing that the Devil's forces are too strong. He has too many supporters within the Church. At this rate, the entire sect may fall to the Devil. There might even be a coup within the sect. This is the current state of affairs. It's hard to change that, if you keep whispering things like that."

Rowen laughs.

"What could possibly be going through the minds of a bunch of old pigs desperate to save their jobs?"

"Of course, you think you've used your own judgment to decide where you stand."

"But what if the devil actually had a lot of support, but not as much as the popes had been told?"

"What if the whisperers on the sidelines have been inflating, exaggerating, and making things up where they don't exist?"

"Was that really his best judgment?"

Humans make judgments based on information.

But information is not synonymous with truth.

If the information available only shows one way, people go that way, thinking it's their decision.

We don't think about who paved the road.

We don't think about who is showing us the way.

So people walk down the street not knowing where they're going, thinking it's their own decision, their own judgment.

The popes had been brainwashed.

And now that the devil has been touched, the useless popes have been killed.

And they're not the only ones.

"Is it just the popes, what about other people?"

And others within the Order of the Lord.

The word starts to get out about the positive public opinion of the demon and its growing following, and people get behind it.

It may not even have existed in the first place.

Maybe it's not a trend, but it's becoming known as a trend, and people are jumping on the bandwagon, and it's actually becoming a trend.

If Rowen's story is true, then the fall of the Order to the Demon King began with a rumor spread by a few people.

As they say, something becomes fashionable because it's known to be fashionable.

This means that the Cult of the Lord has been destroyed by nothing more than a rumor.

"I hadn't hoped for this outcome, but as it turned out, I guess I didn't do it in vain, because it was the judgment of the popes that led me to meet the devil."

"What were you originally going to do?"

"I wanted to get the Cult of the Lord to support the Devil and fight the Empire."

"......Did you know that Reinhardt is my least favorite person?"

"Wouldn't it be weirder if they liked someone like me? If anything, I think I'd be scared of someone like that."

"......You too, I feel bad."

"Holy Father."

"Not yet, but why."

"Ludwig, you must be hurt."

Olivia narrowed her eyes at the outburst.

I remember seeing it a few times off and on, but it's only now that I've gotten around to it.

I wonder if this is the same guy who ran into Reinhardt at the Temple tournament.

"......It's so refreshing to hear that from someone like you, what can I say, what is she?"

"It's nothing."

Rather, Rowen puts it more bluntly.

Ludwig is nothing.

Rowen doesn't say anything more. But Olivia remembers the look on Ludwig's face.

That look of miserable realization.

He had the look of someone confirming a truth he had secretly known.

This guy is nothing.

But we do all of this for people who are nothing.

That is, don't hurt the innocent.

Or was he saying that you never know what can happen when you hurt people who are nothing.

It's probably the latter.

"Are you saying I should have been more careful because it was nothing?"

"I was saying that it's better to kill than to hurt."

What happens when the nobodies become the nobodies.

It was in front of Olivia's eyes now.



* * *



The news of the murder of the pontiffs of the Church of the Gods had not traveled far. It wasn't like they were out and about much in the first place, so it was just a matter of controlling the information.

Everything was done in silence and under the radar.

Crusader Leader Replacement Chart.

Olivia Ranze's dominance.

The sudden appearance of priests with powerful divine powers.

Their new teachings too.

It was all done quietly and stealthily.

The snow stopped.

The sun came out.

The weather was mild.

Really suddenly.

After what seemed like an eternity, the snow stopped, abruptly, and the warmth of the sun shone down on the land like a lie.

Warmer weather, almost like late spring, has arrived.

The frozen atmosphere of the ecliptic did not melt, but the snow that fell did.

Like it's a lie.

Everyone in the ecliptic watched as it melted as if it had just snowed.

"You know when you do this, you can't stop, right?"

"I know."

The Demon King was walking with Liana de Granz in a secluded park on the ecliptic, watching the wet snow melt into streams of water.

"You might be able to stop the slaughter right now, but you might have to kill more people with your hands later."

"......."

"You don't know what it's like to make things bigger and put them off until later."

"Right."

To quell the riots in the refugee camps, the Empire used violence.

To prevent the ominous atmosphere from turning into a larger riot, Rowen was brought in.

In exchange for Rowen's capture, he gained control of the entire Crusader and Lordship orders, as well as the refugee camps, behind the scenes.

But that's a catch-22.

Like the massacre that stopped an empire from collapsing right now.

This happens because there can be no group collapse before a gate event.

Taking down and absorbing an empire that has already lost its legitimacy and raison d'etre will be a post-Gate affair.

One day this will come to the surface, and the devil will have to repeat history.

And on a larger scale.

"You, can you do that?"

"......."

We're just plugging the holes to get us through the day, but we all know the dam is going to break at some point.

Who blocks this time, who blocks next.

I know I'm just delaying the moment the dam breaks.

"Was there anything I did because I could?"

And sword-wielding.

And being a demon.

Everything I've done so far hasn't been because I could.

I've been doing it because I had to.

After doing things because I thought I had to, all I knew was the truth: I shouldn't have done anything.

I still do what I have to do.

But when Riana hears that, she looks at the demon and bites her lip.

"After all, I can't say I can."

"......."

At that, the demon only laughed miserably.

"Poor little guy. Come here, let me give you a hug."

"Get lost."

There's a brief spring in the ecliptic.

Melting snow and ice, but ultimately not melting anything.

Well, there was a brief spring.





Episode 616.





A few days after the snow stopped falling on the ecliptic, an unusually warm climate prevailed.

The new year was already upon us, and the new January had already brought with it unseasonably warm weather, even as the political climate remained frozen.

Ludwig was walking through the streets of the Temple in the unexpectedly warm weather. The gates of the Temple were just around the corner.

"Ludwig, I think you have a visitor.

"...... Guest?

The story was told to the few remaining dorm users.

'Yes, he doesn't have authorization. He said he'd wait for you outside.'

'ah.......'

As he exited the Temple Gate, Ludwig saw a woman in uniform sitting on a chair in the square in front of the dormitory.

It was the uniform of the Crusader Knights.

She stood up and smiled brightly at Ludwig.

"Ludwig."

"......."

"I'm sorry, I've been busy with a lot of things and I'm just now getting around to seeing you."

Rowen came to Ludwig alone, dressed in the uniform of the Crusaders.

"What can I do for you, new Crusader Master?"

We have just received word that Archbishop Rowen has been named the next leader of the Crusader Knights, following the sudden retirement of Elayon Bolton.

Ludwig's look at Rowen held no hostility or malice.

All that remained was the cold demeanor of a man who had closed himself off to the world.



* * *



The murder of Rowen was originally investigated by the Crusader Knights.

It was up to the Crusader Knights and the Cult of the Lord to announce who had died in that burned-out temple.

Rowen wasn't just faking his death, he was never dead in the first place.

She has now been named the next Crusader Knight Commander following the sudden retirement of Elion Bolton.

That decision was made at a papal meeting.

How can there be a papal conclave if there are no popes?

To Ludwig, who had seen five popes die at her hands, the story was a farce.

Ludwig doesn't know if Elion Bolton really retired or was murdered.

But now I didn't even care about that.

Sitting on a bench in front of the Temple Gate, Rowen said something to Ludwig, who didn't even bother to listen.

About what happened and why it happened.

Why he was almost killed, why he faked his death, why he needed time, why he approached Ludwig.

When Ludwig hears the reason for all this, he stares at Rowen.

There was no shock, no horror, no sense of betrayal at learning the truth.

"So, what did you do?"

Ludwig would only say that.

"......It's just, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's frustrating."

"Are you telling me this because I'm worthless, that you're the one who impulsed the pagans to do what they did, and that's why the Empire killed people like that, and that's why it's the way it is. Are you telling me this because no matter who I tell, no one will believe me?"

"Um......."

Rowen hesitates for a moment, then finally nods.

"I wouldn't necessarily say no, because in this day and age of rumors, people don't believe them as much as they believe them, so if Ludwig went around saying that the new crusader knight was actually the one who pulled the strings in the refugee camp, no one would believe him."

"I'm going to leave what I don't believe, and the inquisitors are going to get me."

"You're right."

I don't care if you know, so don't tell me.

Ludwig stares at Rowen with a hard expression.

"Anyway, did you think that if I heard that, I'd be convinced, that there were circumstances, that what you've been doing has been done with good intentions?"

"I didn't think so, I thought they'd say something mean or try to kill me."

"If I try to kill you, will you die?"

"Nope. Not at all."

Ludwig doesn't show any reaction to Rowen's embarrassment.

Just keep talking in a calm, cool tone.

"So you're saying that you can tell me the truth because I can't kill you for hearing it, and I can't tell people the truth because they won't believe it?"

"I wouldn't say no."

"I'd rather kill you, but not even that......."

"......."

"Not even worth killing?"

"To put it bluntly, yes."

Ludwig was not enraged by Rowen's cruel words.

"Yeah, that's fine."

"......."

"Isn't that weird?"

"What is it?"

"A few days ago, I was treated like I was useless and shouldn't know, and now I'm being treated like I'm useless and should know. Who the hell decides that?"

Some truth.

You don't need to know because you're not important.

It's okay to know, you're not important.

Ludwig ultimately found the behavior and attitudes of those who handled the truth stranger than the truth itself.

In the end, there is no value in truth.

"I've been thinking about it for a few days."

"Yes."

"Your business, the Devil's business, Ellen's business, the Empire's business. I've thought about all of those things, and I've come up with......."

Ludwig opens his mouth with a deadpan expression.

"It's not like Ellen is going to tell you that it's all your fault......."

"It all happened for a reason. I don't know, but there's a reason, there's a story."

"You wouldn't say that, or act that way, unless you had that."

"They can't be looking at each other like that."

"Everyone looks sad, and no one seems to be happy, so I'm guessing everyone had a reason."

"Well, I guess that doesn't matter anymore."

Ludwig looks at Rowen and says.

"You guys seem to think you're in a position to decide something like that."

"That's what matters."

"That's the problem."

"It's not what the truth is, it's not what the story is, it's that attitude of controlling the truth. It's the attitude that you're pretending to care about people, but you're not, and you think you can decide whether they know something or don't know something, and that's the problem."

"I saw that in you guys."

"A very unpleasant, offensive, disgusting sense of superiority."

"You don't know."

"But I'm doing something very great and noble that you don't know about."

"So you don't need to know. Get out."

"You don't know."

"But I did something really great and noble that you didn't know about, and even though it looks bad, it's not, so you understand."

"So listen. How about, listen, am I right, this is what you're doing to me?"

"Isn't this offensive?"

"Sometimes it doesn't tell you, sometimes it does."

"Same reasons, different behavior."

"If the reasoning makes sense, but the behavior is the opposite, then you're just being selfish."

"So, the attitude is the same."

"They don't even treat people who are nothing, people like me, who are worthless, like people."

"Tell me or don't tell me."

"If you go any further than that, you're thinking you're entitled to save or kill someone."

"Just as the popes, whatever wrong they may have actually done, have been put to death by your judgment."

"You guys are just a bunch of weirdos with some very presumptuous delusions."

"Truth?"

"That's it, I don't even want to know anymore."

"It doesn't matter what you're trying to do, what you want, what you've done."

"The important thing is that you're all high on something."

"Whether it's a sense of mission, malice, hatred, revenge on the world, whatever."

"Or the illusion that you're making some great sacrifice to save the world."

"You're drunk on disgusting delusions."

"It's no news to you that you're devils who deserve hell, but I can't give you that punishment because, yes, as you say, I'm nothing."

"But that doesn't make the truth go away."

"It doesn't make the truth go away."

"You're sinners, aren't you?"

"The sinner must be punished, right?"

"Well, you didn't get punished, did you?"

"The truth is this."

"I don't know what's going on with your relationship, or your feelings, or your relationship, or whatever, that I don't know, that I don't want to know, but this is the truth, simple and clear."

"There are so many people buried in what you've done, and you keep burying people, and you keep burying people, and you breathe the truth in each other's faces, and you eat it up, and you understand it, and you lick it, and it's disgusting."

"Truth should be describable in one word."

"You should have been punished, but you weren't."

"That's the only truth."

In a maze of thoughts, judgments, and stories, Ludwig eventually found a simple truth.

Sin requires a price.

If sinners are silent in the midst of each other's sins.

Someone has to be held accountable.

"That Ellen I saw the other day looked pitiful."

"He looked pitiful, so I don't blame him, and I have no reason to blame him."

"I'm sure you have a story, too, just like Ellen's, and maybe you're a poor, pitiful person."

"But."

"Was there even one person who died who didn't?"

"I feel sorry for them, and I feel sorry for them, because they had to die, not knowing anything, caught in the middle."

"So I'd rather not know the truth about you guys."

"Now, even if you guys come out and tell me everything, I'm going to close my ears."

"Because pitying you, understanding you, doesn't make the truth that you need to be punished go away somewhere."

"Because that truth is so obvious."

"Knowing nothing, I will become your enemy."

"No matter what the truth is, no matter what the truth is, no matter how much you deserve it, you're going to pay the price."

"There are so many people who have paid the price for doing nothing wrong, and so many who have been forced to pay for nothing."

"You guys involved in this shouldn't have to pay any consequences, right?"

"Whatever the reason, you guys need to be punished."

"Regardless of your intentions, you're going to pay the price."

"That's the conclusion I came to."

Sin.

There are sinners.

However, there is no referee.

It's hard to find the right line in the sand when you're dealing with the intertwined forces of the Chinese zodiac, the Empire, the Cult of the Gods, and the Demon King.

It's only easy to find the sin.

Finding the guilty party is the easy part.

And it doesn't change the truth that they weren't punished.

Whoever it is.

It doesn't change the fact that everyone is cheating, trampling, and exploiting the little guy in the name of saving everyone.

Lowen smiles at Ludwig.

"It's like seeing the old me."

Someone who was embarrassed by their own smallness.

And Rowen, now a monster, looks at Ludwig as if he were looking into the distant past.

Like it's funny.

As if that's interesting.

"What are you going to do, Ludwig, how are you going to punish these monsters?"

Uselessness can neither be punished nor rewarded.

"......."

"To be a monster's friend, you have to be a monster."

To be a monster's friend, you have to be its equal.

Rowen did just that.

"You don't realize that it's the same if you're trying to kill a monster, do you?"

To kill the monster, you have to be equal.

You have to be a monster.

Rather, if you want to kill, you need to be more monstrous.

"I know."

Ludwig stares at Rowen with dark, abyssal eyes.

Seeing Ludwig like that, Rowen felt a shiver run down his spine in a different way than when he had faced the demon himself not long ago.

"I know."

It was the thrill of creating a monster with your own hands.

Someone who was nothing is about to become something.

Whatever the reason, whatever the intent, whatever the purpose.

It's fun to be something, whether you succeed or fail.

Rowen looks at Ludwig and laughs.

"Good luck, Ludwig."

Ludwig rose from his seat, as if walking away from something unclean, as if it wasn't worth listening to Rowen's ramblings any longer.





第 617页





"You're really going back? Today?"

"Yes."

"I don't think it's that urgent, but....... I can't help it."

Ellen didn't really have anything to call baggage. The only thing she brought with her when she came here was a cat carrier.

So when I went back to the Allied garrison, I was back in my normal clothes, but I didn't have anything else to carry with me.

"The snow has just stopped, but......."

Louise couldn't help but feel bittersweet at Ellen's insistence that they go back now that the snow had stopped falling and the weather had improved.

I came back for a break, got caught up in something strange, and ended up feeling even heavier.

The Demon King has taken control of the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses.

And I can't even touch it.

In the face of rapidly changing times, there is no such thing as a good group, but rather a group that survives.

Something radical was about to happen, and it was going to cost an unfathomable amount of blood.

The future of the empire is cloudy, and the time has come for everyone to make a choice.

It would be more peaceful to be on the Allied side of the ecliptic, not the other way around, and that's the way to avoid getting caught up in anything more sinister, especially for Ellen.

If you can't choose anything, you might as well go where you can't see it.

It's just a bunch of unsolvable problems.

There's no telling where this will end up.

If an empire falls, and a demon fills its place.

What fate awaits Ellen, who is supposed to be the devil's arch-enemy.

And what position should Heinrich take there.

No one has the answer.

Everyone is doing something because they fear the future. We all agree that the gate crisis needs to end, but the things we're doing in the hopes that it will, are making the time afterward even more frightening.

Is it really right to make the world a hellhole for the sake of a single absolute?

So what happens to the world after that absolute is achieved?

It is more dangerous for Ellen to remain on the ecliptic.

That's why we're leaving the ecliptic.

But I'd been thinking about it for a while.

"Cat, take good care of me when I come back."

"......Okay."

But for some time now, I've been waiting for a cat that hasn't shown up, a cat that hasn't shown up when I've tried to touch it one last time and leave.

But she never shows up, so Ellen leaves, leaving Heinrich in charge.

It might have disappeared altogether, Ellen had a hunch.

I kept getting that feeling that even if we were together, he would leave at some point.

Someday, from someone, like you've always felt that way.

I don't know why, but I don't think I can help it if it suddenly disappears.

We pass by each other, stay with each other for a while, and wish we could pass by each other again.

It's a shame we won't be able to say goodbye.

Eventually.

Ellen couldn't get too attached to anything too small.

"I'll be there."

Ellen was seen off by Louise and Heinrich, and left the Temple dormitory in silence.

Louise says, watching Ellen's back as she leaves.

"I think we should go back, too."

"......I think you should."

While there are dangers everywhere, it was clear that the imperial ecliptic was now, in a sense, the most dangerous place in the world.



* * *



Not only did it stop snowing like it was a lie, but it melted quickly.

The snow accumulated for a long time, but it only took a few days for it to melt.

We've been having a string of warm days where I've wondered if it's a little too hot.

Ellen walks through the snow-melted streets of Temple.

There's not much to do in the Allied garrison, but in the ecliptic you'll learn too much that you don't need to know.

I'd rather live in ignorance if the goal is to fight anyway.

I decided that it was better to spend this winter not knowing anything than to get lost in a sea of things that were hard to think about and hard to decide.

How long can you hold on to a will that feels like it might break?

What's going on in the world.

If I couldn't go anywhere, if I was going to be forced down a path, like I was being pulled by something, I didn't want to see any paths anymore.

If it's a ship that's going to sink someday, should you abandon it?

Your empire, your own consciousness.

You're just holding on to things that will eventually fall apart.

Ending the Gate debacle should be the top priority right now, but everyone was thinking beyond that.

The Crusaders, the Empire, and countless other groups were already running through the scenarios in their heads.

One by one.

Louise von Schwarz realized that a major pillar of the Alliance, the Crusader Knights, had fallen into the hands of the Devil.

What happens when even the First Reich, Cernstadt, sides with the Devil.

An empire that has lost two of its pillars will cease to be an empire. Other empires will be forced to make a choice the moment this becomes visible.

Which side to take.

The Empire has already lost its legitimacy, and the Devil is the one who caused the Gate.

Both are groups that need to go away. But I don't think there's a megaforce that's going to rise above them.

What if the empire is isolated?

The Empire has an immortal army that can be used even if everything is lost.

We have a more powerful army than ever before.

Whether it's an empire on the verge of collapse, or the slaughter of those who sided with the devil to keep it alive.

Either way, it doesn't change the fact that we are once again at war.

"......."

And Ellen knows where she stands.

Whether victory is guaranteed or downfall is inevitable, you'll be on the side of the Empire.

It will inevitably happen, because another will will one day take its place in the place of the will that has disappeared.

So I'd rather not know.

There's no point in trying to learn something when the path is already set.

Eventually, you'll be nothing more than an undying army, doomed to be swallowed up by something.

For now, you can run away when someone pushes you to fight, but one day you won't be able to.

Like it or not, with or without someone forcing you to.

Fated to become an adversary one day, Ellen returns to the Alliance garrison to escape the aura of division and war that permeates the ecliptic.

Therein lies the only good.

The single, absolute good of ending the gate crisis.

And so, walking through the thawed streets, Ellen found herself near the entrance to the temple.

There's still no such thing as people coming and going.

But there it is, no people, but a small animal.

"......a."

I could see a black cat sitting on a nearby bench, curled up in the sunshine.

The cat turns its head to look at Ellen as she approaches.

-Angel

Ellen walks over to the cat, who is sitting on a bench and seems to be enjoying some much-needed sunshine.

It's a strange animal.

One minute it's gone, the next it's here.

Just when you think you're not coming back and give up and leave, it's waiting at the entrance as if it knew.

If you wait, it won't come.

If you give up, it will show up somewhere.

So I'm being condescending.

Somehow, I can't resist.

Ellen is squatting in front of a bench, eye level with the cat who is looking at her.

Conversations don't work.

But somehow, Ellen has always felt like she understood the conversation.

It seems to recognize my sadness.

They seem to recognize my pain.

It was like he felt my pain.

I'm sure I'm mistaken, but I don't think I am.

Like this now.

It's like he's waiting for Ellen at the entrance to the temple, as if he knows she's leaving.

Do they really know or do they not know.

I wonder if I'm giving meaning to things that are just coincidences.

Still, it's said that coincidences are inevitable.

This cat seemed to know his every thought in such a serendipitous way.

"I'm going to go."

-Angel

Ellen says a simple goodbye.

I wonder if I can come back.

When you return, what will the ecliptic look like?

It's hard to think that anything good can come of it.

Can this little animal survive the rising tide of war?

The Alliance garrison is dangerous, but the Zodiac is dangerous and the Temple is dangerous as it is.

The little guys always get swept away.

The fate of the little guys has always been that way, just as the Gate debacle only swept people away.

But.

The little guy in front of you.

Smaller beings are even smaller.

Maybe it's small, and when the wind blows, it blows, and when the waves crash, they crash.

Maybe it's just that it's too small to matter.

Ellen looked at the little black cat looking at her.

Recalling moments of great comfort in a small being.

"Goodbye."

I said, "I mean it," and kissed the bridge of the cat's nose.

"And, get out of here early."

-Angel

After one last playful slap at Honeybomb, Ellen headed for the Temple Gate.

As she exits the gate, Ellen stares up at the sky.

It's a warm day that has arrived as if to say that the bitterly cold winter is finally coming to an end.

But there was just too much snow.

With this much snow, I wonder if a day or so of warm weather will melt it all.

I've come a long way.

I'm sure there's still plenty of snow on the ground somewhere that doesn't get sunlight.

Who melts snow in the middle of nowhere?

Ellen holds the amulet still.

An amulet representing the moon and sun.

Hold it in your hand and carefully roll it around.

Exhaustion.

Sick and tired.

Maybe it's time to let go.

If it's something you're destined to fight anyway.

I wonder if this is the end of the world.

If the malice and hatred in this world will eventually create a situation that needs to be fought.

No matter what you do, no matter what you try, you're going to be forced to fight at some point.

The moment you feel like giving up.

A moment of vulnerability.

Ellen's eyes sunk deep.

Or maybe I had already reached my limit a long time ago.

It's as if you've pushed the envelope, and now you've reached a critical mass of time.

The sandbar of the ego is submerged beneath the rising waters.

-Took

All too easily, the amulet's leather straps snapped at the slightest tug.

Like when was the last time you had something so precious hanging around your neck to keep it from falling off?

Like finally breaking the shackles.

Like the beginning of something that is only now being liberated.

Ellen tosses the amulet she's been wearing aside like trash and starts walking somewhere.

It's like you've become something completely different.

As if she were now irrelevant to all the past, Ellen walked away and never looked back.

-.......

The black cat cautiously took the round amulet from the ground, and disappeared into an alley.





Episode 618.





Ellen returned to the Allied garrison.

The Chief's office, on the top floor of the Great Hall of the Crusader Knights.

I was sitting there.

There are five people sitting around, including me.

Olivia Ranze, now the de facto ruler of all denominations.

Liana de Granz stopping by for a quick climate control.

Rowen, the new Crusader Knight Commander.

And Herriot.

"Did Ellen go back to the Allies?"

"......Uh, yeah."

When Herriot asked, I said, "Yes. After all, the Allied positions would be quieter now, and it would be better to rest there.

However, I realized that something was different now.

I didn't rest because I was back in the ecliptic, but rather because I was back, I went through things that were harder to bear.

And I had something to do with it.

Not at first, but that's what happened.

It was bound to happen at some point, but it never felt good to see the back of Ellen's head when she was a completely different person.

"I have seen Ludwig, just as you said."

At my command, Rowen met with Ludwig.

I asked him to tell me a story.

Rowen may be the new asshole, but he sure gets things done.

Rowen has all the pagan forces in the refuge under his control.

Rowen was essential to the unification of the pagan world; after all, like Antirrhinus, you have to use what you can get, even if it's sinister and dangerous.

"I let him go because the Devil said never to do that, but I think it would have been better to kill him."

"How was it?"

"It was like he was going to stab everyone and slit his own throat for nothing."

Herriot's eyes widened at Rowen's eerie description.

Everyone in the room, including me of course, didn't really like Rowen. Or, more accurately, we couldn't like her.

They're only in because they're so valuable.

"That's just you. How is that different from what you did?"

"I don't want to have enemies like that."

It's hilarious how he just accepts it and realizes how weird he is.

"Leave it alone."

"You don't think it's going to be much of a threat, do you?"

I was silent as Rowen asked.

Instead, it was Olivia who answered.

"Yeah, I don't know what he's going to be."

Everyone seemed to agree with Olivia on some level. Even Rowen.

Ludwig is not a threat.

How much can an individual do without being crooked?

I even lost an arm.

The reason Rowen was able to do so much with his crookedness was because of the scope of the behind-the-scenes work he had been doing.

If Rowen was just a crooked Inquisitor or Paladin, there wouldn't be much we could do.

Ludwig, however, is a complete individual with no faction or power.

Ludwig is helpless, so we let him go.

I'm sure that's what you're thinking, but that's not really my intention.

"By the way, if you didn't think he was a threat, why did you insist on meeting with Ludwig? You could have just left him alone."

If Ludwig were not a variable, there would be no reason to send Rowen to meet him, and to all of them, he is too small a human being to be a variable.

"Come to think of it, you've always seemed to secretly care about her, and now you're doing it again."

Herriot shook his head, trying to remember what had happened.

I didn't pay any more attention than necessary, but I was definitely more sensitive to Ludwig's trends than the others.

And, sadly.

I was more shocked by the fact that Ludwig lost his arm than by Delphine's death.

Ludwig and I weren't on bad terms, but we weren't close either. We were in different classes.

And now, it's Ludwig, who can't be a variable and has lost his arm.

There was no point in bringing him back to see Rowen to explain. He'd be frustrated, angry, frustrated, but what the hell, why bother with Ludwig.

If you feel it's a threat, you should kill it.

If they're not a threat, you don't need to meet and talk to them.

Rowen seemed to wonder why I was bothering with Ludwig after all.

Because we were classmates.

The other side seems to take it that way, and Rowen can't help but think of it that way.

And indeed, I have no intention of touching my classmates.

Even if it's a threat to me, even if it's trying to kill me.

Unless that moment is actually in front of me, I'm not going to preemptively kill them just because they might be a threat to me.

In that situation where they actually shoved the tip of a knife into the back of my neck, it would be a different story, but I'm not going to get ahead of myself.

I wouldn't call it my only conscience, but it's my last resort.

I'm not going to cross that line.

If I predicted that someone who used to be a classmate would be a threat to me and killed them before they actually became a threat, I'm sure weirder things would happen if I started doing that.

For personal reasons, for the inexplicable absurdity of the world, I have no desire to kill Ludwig or any of the others with my own hands.

Never, until the moment comes when I am forced to kill them.

"No particular reason."

You don't have to give a specific reason.

You won't be convinced.

Only I know that Ludwig was the original protagonist of this story.

It may not make sense, but if it does, that's the problem.

Then we'd be talking about killing Ludwig.

I'm the only one who realizes that it's a weird situation for the protagonist to be stuck in the ecliptic with a missing arm at a time when he's supposed to be indispensable.

It was a very complicated and horrible set of events that led to this bizarre ending.

Many of the clues and events were already happening, but it was the events that we connected that created Death Knight.

We created Deathknight in the Tomb of the Saints in the Crusader underground.

Rowen began to investigate. He knew that no pagan or demonic faction could be large enough to do such a thing in the first place, so he kept his investigation to a minimum, keeping other factions as possible suspects.

Rowen assumed that either the Devil or the Empire was responsible for this.

She didn't know where the demon was, but the empire was on the ground she was treading.

Meanwhile, Ellen, Ludwig, and Elion Bolton had returned to the ecliptic.

Rowen was informed that Ludwig, a former Temple Royal classmate of the Allies, had taken up a new job with the Guard, and he deliberately approached Ludwig.

And just as he was beginning to gain Ludwig's trust and gather information about the Temple's inner workings, an order was issued to stop the investigation.

Rowen did not heed the order, and Elayon Bolton attempted a purge.

From then on, Ellen followed the case with Ludwig's help.

Eventually, what we did caused other groups and people to move.

And around and around.

I ended up with Rowen offering me control of the Crusader Knights, the Five Great Houses, and the Zodiacal Refugees.

I wasn't expecting that at all.

When I created Deathknight, I never imagined that this would happen.

Now Rowen knows that we're the ones responsible for the undead.

Naturally, Rowen wasn't surprised.

Every event will have a meaning.

What happens is the beginning of the end.

I know this is an ending, but I also know it's a beginning.

I know now that's how the world is made.

Of course, everyone will look at me like I'm a weirdo for reading too much meaning into this, but I can't help it.

These complex events that happened in the ecliptic, that stemmed from what we did.

Is this really how this is going to end, with me swallowing up the Crusader Knights, the Five Great Houses, and the refugee camps?

Is this the real ending?

I sent Rowen to find out what Ludwig was thinking right now.

Ludwig is not a tiny little guy.

Rather, only I know that it has the potential to be the weirdest variable ever.

Ludwig.

Ludwig, who lost his arm.

As they pursued the case, the four eventually realized what the empire was doing.

And Ludwig realized that there was collusion, conspiracy, and lies among the leaders and powerful people of each group.

Isn't that the real ending?

Is it possible that the original protagonist will never get to do anything at all?

Is it even possible for Ludwig to lose his role?

The protagonist should have what they want.

The world is supposed to give the protagonist what they want.

Either way.

What should have been Ludwig's, I took Alsbringer's.

If Ludwig is the protagonist of this world, and if that's really the way the world works, then Ludwig will not deviate from the story's trajectory.

I thought Ludwig was going to be eliminated, but now that he's back in my sights, I don't think he's completely done.

Ludwig can't escape the story. If that premise is correct.

Ludwig should get what he wants.

You want revenge, of course.

And the means to achieve revenge is, of course, power.

Ludwig was rendered useless and lost his arm.

No.

In the first place.

Shouldn't we be looking at it differently?

I didn't lose my arm, did I?

I get it.

I realize now.

"That....... that......."

To give something.

I should have taken something in the first place.

You didn't lose your arm.

Taking the arm was already the beginning of giving something in itself.

It wasn't that he was eliminated in the first place, it was the loss of his arm that set him back on track.

"You, by the way, what is that?"

While I was muttering something unintelligible, Harriet was looking at my hands.

"......Ah, this."

The thing I was rolling around in my hand the whole time we were talking.

"I don't know."

"......?"

I don't know. Why I took this.

I don't know what this means.

To Ellen, it seemed like an object that had come to the end of its usefulness.

Still, I didn't think it should be thrown away.

I took the round, white amulet into my arms.



* * *



Night time.

A dark night when even the researchers are all asleep.

But deep, deep underground, where days and nights become meaningless.

Even there, in the deepest underground quarantine labs.

There were four people there.

Christina gets ready to work, organizing her prepared drugs and reagents in order.

Anna De Guerna drawing a magic circle.

Louis Ankton checks out his tools and equipment.

And.

Center of the spell circle.

There was Ludwig, lying shirtless.

Christina, wearing a mask, inspects the tools, which look more like those of a primitive surgeon than a wizard.

"Think again."

"Please."

"That you're going to die. I've said it dozens of times."

"I've been thinking about it a lot."

Christina narrowed her eyes at Ludwig's words.

"You're going to have a high success rate with a living arm, or an arm from someone who hasn't been dead for a while. It's not hard to get one, it's not ugly or dirty, it's safe and morally sound, it's just a matter of waiting."

"Now you know that's not what I want, Christina."

"......."

Christina realized time and again that she couldn't change Ludwig's mind.

"Ludwig....... Does it have to be this way......?"

Ludwig nods at Anna's words.

"I want to be strong."

"......."

"I'm incompetent, so I don't know any other way."

The good news is, you're not alone in dismissing Ludwig as nothing.

I have friends who are nothing.

Procedures that are more likely to result in death.

I'd rather have the most dangerous procedure there.

There are others who can help Ludwig. Anna and Christina know now that it's impossible to convince Ludwig.

However, just because you want to doesn't mean you can, and you shouldn't cast such dangerous magic on your friend's body without proper preparation.

So all three of them wanted to make sure Ludwig was in the best possible condition, checking him closely and starting him on medication a few days ago.

The result.

Louis speaks from outside the circle.

"Ludwig, I've done a full physical, and you're different from everyone else. A lot."

"...... is different?"

"That means it's abnormal."

Louis looks at the data he's checking and sees something with a serious look on his face.

Anna and Christina already knew this.

At Louis' words, Ludwig lay back and looked puzzled.

"In other words, your talent is really weird."

Before starting anything, Louis Ankton carefully examined Ludwig's body and noticed something very strange.

Other classmates had powerful superpowers, or two, or three, or an all-encompassing talent. In Ellen's case, she had many, many such all-encompassing talents.

But in comparison, Ludwig has only one talent: stamina.

A royal class, or even a B class, talent.

Ludwig never thought of himself as gifted.

However, there was only one Ludwig who had a talent called stamina.

"Strange talent?"

"I thought your talents were related to things like muscular endurance and exercise sustainment until now....... I guess not."

"Ludwig."

Christina receives Louis' message.

Wear gloves securely, and look through a mask.

"I think your talent is more on the Vitality side, not Stamina."

Not getting tired is the only advantage, or so I've been led to believe.

Talents related to vitality, not endurance.

Ludwig doesn't know what that means specifically.

What I thought was my only talent, turned out to be a pretty big one.

You don't need to know anything specific anyway.

"Anyway, for now....... That's good, right?"

It means that your talents can help you when you're on the cusp of success.

I was able to get the gist of it.

"Yeah, I'm saying you have a much better chance of not dying than other people."

"Good."

"Of course, that doesn't mean you'll be successful, keep that in mind."

"Okay."

Ludwig was blessed with unusual stamina.

It's not just about strength or endurance.

It's the lifeblood.

Louis Ankton realized that Ludwig had an uncanny power over him, as if he was being favored by something inscrutable.

Stamina.

It was indeed a strange and alien talent, Louis confirmed.

After a while, Anna, who has completed her circle, steps out of the circle, and Louis takes something from the prepared port.

It was an arm.

It was something in the shape of a right arm.

Ludwig asks, as he watches Louis bring in the arm.

"May I ask whose arm it is?"

Louis carefully lays it down where Ludwig's right arm should be.

"Larken Simonsteinstein."

"......I see."

Ludwig's eyes narrow as he listens. The name is not unfamiliar to Ludwig.

Larken Simonsteidt.

A traitor to humanity who rose to the rank of Grandmaster.

Saviolin Tana's squadron, humanity's strongest.

His right arm is placed where Ludwig's arm should be.

Louis steps back, and Christina approaches Ludwig, wearing gloves and a mask.

There's no telling how much of a difference an arm transplant will make.

However, it is clear that something unexpected will happen.

It's a simple graft, but in the end, the thing being grafted is the arm of a man who was once considered one of the strongest in the world, regenerated and enhanced with black magic and alchemy.

If the transplantation and adaptation is successful, something unexpected will happen.

With the arm of one who was a traitor to mankind, will you slay the enemies of mankind.

"That's it. I'll make it work, Ludwig."

"Please."

"Together, let's take revenge on the world."

Christina's eyes light up.

"Make them pay for all of this, make sure they pay."

I tried to get her to give up and quit, but as hard as I tried, she couldn't help but agree with Ludwig.

Seeing Christina's eyes glowing with madness and vengeance, Ludwig looks to the ceiling.

"Yes....... The price."

"I'll have to get something like that."

"I'm stupid."

"But no more, I'm going to ask other people for their opinions, and I'm going to ask for confirmation that my judgment is correct."

"Maybe I'm wrong, maybe I'm wrong, but I'm not going to look to others for answers anymore."

"Wrong is wrong."

"If it's right, it's right."

"I will take the path of my choice."

"I'm sure they all had their reasons."

"Maybe there's a reason, and it's something I can't help but accept."

"But, if."

"I can do that, too."

"I can do this too."

"I have to accept my inevitability."

"Like they justify a lot of things by saying they had no choice."

"Me too, I'll justify being this person in this world they've created."

"That's okay."

"If it's okay for them, it's okay for me."

"Revenge......."

"Well, I don't think it's plural."

"This one, yeah, as they like to say."

"Not for revenge or retribution......."

Ludwig says.

"Well, it's just the way it is."

Inevitability disguised as chance.

The words "I had no choice" repeated and piled up.

Another inevitability.

We've come to an end and a beginning.





Episode 619.





-srrrr

A meadow with green grass rippling in the breeze.

-Kagang!

The shockwave from the clash of sword to sword scatters blades of grass, punctures the earth, and scatters shards of the magic shield.

-Thump! Quack!

The darkness of the Void traced sharp, thick trajectories across the gleaming blade, and I busily teased it, dodging and parrying.

A few times like that.

No, a couple times like this.

I can't even remember the number anymore.

I can't even count how many days I've been dead.

It's almost second nature now.

Battlefield in the Otherworld.

-Quack!

With the Alsbringer out of my grasp, a dark sword is pointed at my nape.

-skuck!

Voidblade Ramen sweeps across my throat, and an eerie pain flashes through my mind.

The Ritual Arsenal.

"After ......."

And awakening.

Once again, in the meadow, I look across at Ellen, who stands across from me, looking the same as she did the first time, but this time she has her tiara out.

In all this training to ward off the death that will one day come.

Somehow, I'm getting more comfortable with defeat and death than victory.

"Beat me once."

"......."

In her dreams, Ellen was always silent.

It's just a rush.

-shhhh!

Ellen, flying on the breeze, stabs her Voidblade at me.

A battle in a dream that should have been a thousand units long ago.

I still haven't done more than hold out on Ellen.



* * *



"Why don't you just take it easy, maybe one day in three?"

When I woke up, Airi, who had her hand on my forehead, asked me with concern.

My forehead and entire body were covered in a cold sweat.

No wonder.

It would be weird if I died dozens of times in my dreams and my body didn't react. If anything, I'd be afraid that I'd gotten too used to dying.

Now, in the moments when I'm actually fighting, I sometimes want to slap the shit out of them because I'm afraid I'll just think it's a dream and give up.

"Sleep is dead and I can sleep forever."

"...... Don't be an asshole."

Airi's expression darkens as she says something she's heard before.

Morning.

More than two months have passed since the events of the Cult of the Lord.

March.

After a long winter, spring is here.

Spring of Departure.

Spring is in the air.



* * *



"The Alliance is almost ready to depart, we'll be on our way any minute now, and our destination is, you guessed it, Gethsanosia."

Everyone in the room nodded as Herriot spoke.

The Allies have regrouped and will now march to their next destination.

For an army that has been on the march for a long time, this break could be long or short.

It would be an understatement to say that it went by in a flash.

But just as I didn't spend that time playing, no, rather busy, the Allies had a lot going on in that short time.

This time, Sarkegar speaks up.

"Your Majesty, I have news that the improvements to the Titan are complete."

"How much?"

"I think we're up and running about five times longer than we were before."

"So it's roughly 30 to 40 minutes?"

"Yeah, it looked like he had some extra armor too."

The Titan was only able to move for about seven minutes.

But Adelia, the Archduke, and the Archduke's mages set to work to improve the Titan.

In just over three months, we've seen encouraging results, increasing Titan's uptime fivefold.

Sarkegar's report of scouting the Allied side was over.

Then Next.

Olivia Ranze.

"It's going pretty well."

"......."

"Okay, so we've got the high priests all in, and now we've got the lower priests being indoctrinated, covertly of course."

"What's going on with the pagan inclusion policy?"

"It's a sensitive issue, and we've been treading carefully since the announcement of the pagan policy, but you know what they say: if you mess with it too much, it'll happen again. We're going to have to start with the priests within the Order to get their minds right. It's a work in progress. You didn't expect it to happen anytime soon, did you?"

"And Rowen?"

"You know he's got all kinds of mental issues, but his work ethic is impeccable, and honestly, he's probably the most loyal person here, you just have to watch out for him doing weird shit with his loyalty."

"It should be."

It was inevitable that it would devour the Order.

But convincing all the priests of the Church of the Lord to embrace demonism was not going to happen overnight.

Add to that the inclusion of all pagans, and it becomes even more of an afterthought.

Therefore, we could not make any rash moves until we had established a firm grip on the Order and its edification to our liking.

The high priests are all subsumed by us, but most of the lower priests don't know that.

Since we don't have to worry about interference from the outside, we only have to worry about things falling apart from the inside.

Reform the Crusader Knights and the Cult of the Lord from within.

I don't know if reform is the right word.

And we're not just talking about the Church of the Lord.

"From our Demon Lord?"

"The integration is well underway, and I'd say we're about a sixth of the way there already. Now that we've picked up the pace, it looks like we'll soon have a majority of Satanists with a consistent belief system."

Antirrhinus says with a grim smile.

It's kind of fitting.

Since Rowen was nominally the head of the Crusader Knights, it was now Antrianus' job to unite the Demonists and Championists in the refugee camps.

Much to my chagrin, there was no one else as dedicated to the grumpy job as I was, so I couldn't think of anyone better suited than Antony.

I hadn't intended to send Antirrhinus in the first place. Someone has to do it, and when I asked who, the old man raised his hand with a childlike expression.

Integrate the Demon Cultists, and then merge them with the Cult of the Gods when you feel the Cult of the Gods is sufficiently reformed.

In the blink of an eye, you've gone from a continent that's almost tasteless to a group that can be called a nation.

"I always told you not to do anything stupid."

"Whether it be, Great One."

What Rowen and Antony have in common.

It's reliable, but there's always that crucial element of unease.

Antrianus has a tendency to make things worse when he wants to make them worse, and Rowen, while loyal to me, has the potential to do strange things of his own accord.

There's a saying about borrowing a fern hand when you're short-handed.

That's wrong.

Bracken is not insecure.

In many ways, I felt like I was borrowing from the devil, not the fern, because there were no people and I had to use everything I could.

The Alliance is ready to go.

Check for Titan improvements.

Cruising through the Lord's Order tasks.

Masochist integration cruising.

And again.

Look at Elyse.

"Immortal's allied deployment has been finalized."

"......Yes."

Immortal.

The Empire secretly decided to call it that.

"We can't commit openly, but it looks like we're going to do what we've done in the past: scout the battlefield ahead of time and preemptively wipe out small gates."

"The Empire has decided that only the most elite of the Immortals will be used."

"The scale of the input is three thousand Master Classes, ten Grandmasters, and a thousand Archmages. Technically, they could probably take on a large city on their own."

"We've also noticed that certain amounts of breakage are instantly regenerated."

"In the case of irreversible destruction, it looks like it could be salvaged and recovered."

There are 3,000 masterclasses to help you become one of the most powerful people on the planet.

A thousand mages, each with a level that allows them to cast mass teleport.

And ten grandmasters, of which there have not been many in history.

Some Grandmasters have even reached the level of Archmage at the same time.

There have been many geniuses in history.

All those geniuses came back from the dead.

Mankind's mightiest army.

No, it would be the greatest army in history.

They can't get hurt because they're already dead, and they can regenerate if their injuries are minor.

Even if it is destroyed, it will automatically return to its underground laboratory at the Temple College of Magic and be automatically repaired.

It's a disaster of an army.

The gate debacle is over.

Finally, after a trial deployment, if they realize they can take down a massive warp gate on their own, the Alliance might just pull out on the spot.

That army is a problem, but we're focusing on a different problem.

"Replication?"

"It doesn't appear to be possible at this time, but it's inevitably something we're working on. Keep it in mind, but I think it would be unseemly for the Empire to go that far."

A golem whose alchemy is infused with black magic to animate it.

I'm afraid of what will happen if the military, which I fear even now, is able to clone itself.

I felt it in my bones why people are afraid of risky technology.

Only now I'm moving with the same purpose, but when the force is directed at me.

You can't help but think of that time.

"If a technology is developed to prevent a gategate, and the gategate becomes nothing....... If that's a good thing....... I still don't know."

I couldn't help but agree with Charlotte's concern.

At this point, the gate situation seems to be resolved.

But what happens when you've done too many risky things to get through a crisis?

I couldn't help but feel anxious.

"Maybe we shouldn't think about it so hard, after all, the Immortals are just machines, powerful but without free will, and if we need to subdue them, we need to subdue the controllers, not the machines."

Rusinil has a point.

You don't necessarily need to create magic to break a tank in order to defeat it.

A spell that snipes people inside the vehicle is enough.

After all, Immortals are golems in human form, and they are controlled by someone.

Its controls, or controllers.

If you can get your hands on it, the Immortal is a tin can in human form.

But is it possible.

I realize, of course, that the Empire isn't the only one to be vanquished.

"The important thing is, they know it."

"Sure, because you're not an idiot."

Whether it's the Empire or the guys running the Immortals themselves, they're bound to be aware of the weaknesses in their operations. There's no reason why they wouldn't consider any weaknesses we can think of.

If you don't prepare properly, you may end up with an immortal that runs amok.

Then it's all over.

"Anyway, the Immortals aren't going to be used to attack us anytime soon, but it's worth keeping an eye out for ways to neutralize or deal with them."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

The march begins again.

A changed Alliance will move toward the end of the Gate Crisis under changed circumstances.

Finally, we look at Charlotte.

Now that we've reported enough about what's going on externally, it's time to share what's going on internally.

"The migrant resettlement is almost complete, Rajakh will be much less overcrowded, the local administration has been set up, and we don't have to worry about security issues."

Disperse the overpopulation of Razak to the rest of the archipelago.

This is something that hasn't been done well because the stability of local administrations is questionable. Anything that weakened local control would be leaked, and that's not a good thing.

However, Charlotte did succeed in establishing a functioning local government.

Create a system of policing, administration, and reporting.

That's why it's only now becoming a proper country.

"Continue to work on establishing and stabilizing the local administration. If things get out of hand, we may need to bring some of the pagans and fiends from the Huangdao here."

One by one, the tasks are completed.

Prepare with all things considered.

But.

I wonder if I'll end up being unprepared.

Such ominous imaginings persisted.



* * *



The Senate meeting is over.

What we've been doing, getting out in front, scouting the battlefield, and killing through preemptive strikes, stops for now.

Immortals will do the work for us.

And it's clear that Immortal can do that much more accurately and reliably than we can, because it's a scale that makes your hair stand on end.

Unless you're playing a metropolis-scale game, there may not be a need for us to get involved anymore.

We may have to hold our breath, thinking about the post-Gate world.

"Reinhard, do you have a minute?"

It was Harriet who followed me out of the meeting.

"Overflow."

"......No, I don't mean to go off topic, but aren't you supposed to have all the time in the world?"

Uh.

That's right.

I'm not supposed to have a lot of time on my hands, am I?

"I have all the time in the world to spend on you."

If you don't have one, you'll have to make one.

Cancer.

Who's calling.

Needless to say, his face turned bright red at my words.

"You, you crazy bastard......!"

"Ew, why the hell would I even have time!"

"I'm not going to say that shameless thing anymore. You, you, you, you, you, you! What if someone hears you!"

"What are we, other people, huh?"

It's a leftover.

But honestly.

Isn't that a lot of leftover?

That, if you turn your back, it's a man, not a woman.......

That works.......

"Da, shut up!"

He was beaten for a long time by a gaping maw.

Of course, as always, it didn't hurt a bit.





Episode 620.





After all the time we've been together, I still haven't gotten rid of Pektong's habitual hot flashes.

So that's a good thing, but.

Herriot dragged me to his lab in Razak, his face gaping.

Every time I see this place, I honestly feel bad.

The enormous research facility in the basement of the Temple College of Magic naturally came to mind.

We were able to use that facility and scale for a single project.

Herriot's laboratory wasn't particularly well-equipped, to say the least, and she'd built it herself whenever she needed it, or, if she didn't know better, with the advice of the Lord Vampires of the Senate.

I know it's silly to assume, but I can't help but feel sorry for her every time I see her.

You don't even have to go to Temple School of Magic.

The magical research facilities in Razak, frankly, don't hold a candle to the facilities of the Magical Research Society fraternity in the Temple. At least those were the labs of professorial wizards.

Our paktong.

It's like watching your daughter pull up her socks while you're trying to get your nose in the wrong place.

She's actually a princess.

When I see him trying to do something just by being there, I think that maybe our paktong is actually a person with a strong life force.

She has the greatest talent in the history of the world, and she can't even fulfill it because she's with a man who can't get behind her.

What to do.

I'm the biggest pain in the ass.

Other kids are making Titans, they're making armies called Immortals.

My child, who is nothing compared to them, and in some ways even more talented than them, is cowering in this attic lab because she met the wrong guy!

"I'm sorry."

"......Suddenly? What?"

"I'm just sorry for everything."

"What, off the cuff."

Harriet pouted her lips as if to say, "Don't go off on a tangent.

No complaints, which makes it all the more salty and I'm sorry.

"Anyway, so what."

Despite what I think, I've come to accept that it's in my nature to talk like this.

"Look at this."

Herriot pointed to a flat metal griddle.

It's got a lot of patterns on it, and it looks like a base for something, to be precise, and it's a little bit convex, so it looks like a machine.

And it's not one.

It was a pair of griddles.

"Pfft. I'm not a genius like you, I don't know what it is when I see it. You'll have to explain."

"If you're a dick, you're a dick, if you're a genius, you're a genius, can you just do one?"

Paxton, I'm not a genius like you.

Okay, that was a weird one.

"Uh-huh."

"...... for real!"

-Bam!

"You said do one!"

"Shut up!"

I did what I was told!

Anyway.

It's a never-ending cycle.

It's so much fun, I can't stop.

He knows this, and if he thinks I'm being a dick, he'll say what he has to say.

Herriot placed the pair of metal griddles at each end of the desk.

"Okay, make this look like this....... Hmm."

As Herriot fiddles with it, the thin sheet of steel begins to move and take shape.

A few metal plates protrude from what used to be a base, and it looks like a cradle for something.

It's like a three-legged table turned upside down.

Herriot did the same thing, this time on a different griddle.

Something that looks like a pair of cradles.

Herriot grabbed what looked like a metal rod from something lying around the lab.

This was also true for temples.

We're not very organized.

You say you don't need to know what's where.

"Look."

-chirp! chirp!

Soon, blue sparks began to fly from a pair of griddles.

"......isn't that dangerous?"

"It's not dangerous, though it's the first time I've actually done it."

"How do I know if it's dangerous or not without actually doing it!"

"My theory can't be wrong."

a.

I don't know what it is, but it's math or something?

The expression is correct, so there's no reason why implementing it in the real world would give a different result.

You've done all the in-brain simulations.

I can't, but you can.

"Then it won't be dangerous."

"......I don't know if you believe me or not."

-Pajik! Pajik! Chijijijiji!

Soon, sparks began to leap from the edges of a pair of griddle spikes, which soon began to glow blue.

Gradually, the blue color begins to take on the shape of a sphere.

A pair of blue spheres.

The inside of the blue sphere was colored black.

This.

No way.

"Here."

In the left one of the spheres, Herriot put something that looked like a crowbar.

And.

-Took

The rod shot out of the sphere on the right and landed on the desk. It rolled around and fell to the floor in a heap.

You don't know what this is.

"Hey....... This......."

"Yes."

Herriot laughs.

"A warp gate. A new warp gate, on a path unrelated to the gate incident."

My kid.

In this harsh and crude environment.

We hit another big one.

"Does this....... makes sense......?"

"I did it because it worked, idiot."

"You are....... You are......!"

-Wrong!

"Ouch, that hurt!"

"You are the best paktong ever!"

"What are you talking about!"



* * *



What is logistics and distribution.

To be honest, I still don't know the details.

I just know that it's very important.

And we know that the Golden Age of the Empire didn't come from the Demon Slaughter, but from the Warp Gate.

The golden age of humanity, and the golden age of empire.

It wasn't because people could come and go through the warp gate, it was because logistics could come and go beyond people.

The development of transportation and logistics leads to the rapid sophistication of society.

This is because rapidly developing logistics inherently allows for specialization.

Prior to the development of logistics, many cities would have to be self-sufficient, centered around a base city.

including food, commerce, and manufacturing.

To some extent, you have to be self-sufficient.

However, if logistics is extremely well distributed, a city that specializes in commerce or manufacturing may not need to produce food at all. Of course, they can import it, and that's what cities and countries with specialized agricultural environments do.

For example, suppose a city in a cold climate has a mine with a large amount of magic stones.

If the distribution is unreliable, the city has to be self-sufficient in food to a certain extent, even in cold climates, and in the end, it will be difficult for people to live, and it will inevitably be difficult to develop.

But what if you only have a warp gate?

Food will have to be imported from somewhere, and that's it, so it will be a mining city where you can mine magic stones in large quantities.

The logistically intensive Zodiacal Gradient became the Empire's largest city because it had the most warp gates.

People flock, goods flock, supplies flock.

So it was only natural that Gradient would be the largest city.

The food problem in the Zodiac Gradient is also a result of the fact that Zodiac was never an agricultural city in the first place.

Distribution is blocked, and a city that wasn't even self-sufficient is forced to feed itself.

So the empire is forced to farm and clear land in order to feed itself somehow, and to produce and supply food from secure lands elsewhere.

But without the overwhelming, always-on distribution simplification of a warp gate, everything has to be done by mass teleportation by the Archmages.

So first of all, there's a shortage of production, and if you're doing it outside of the ecliptic, you're going to have to have a super-skilled workforce of archmages just to move stuff around.

Since the Gate debacle, warp gates have become a completely obsolete technology.

The reason is simple.

It's because an imaginary dimension, a sort of virtual dimension, has become a real dimension, and the monsters of the Gate have taken over.

Of course, that doesn't mean you can't create a warp gate.

You can create one.

It's just a bunch of monsters spilling out of there.

"So, you created a second imaginary dimension?"

"Yes."

"I don't know, but the reason people haven't done it before isn't because they can't think of it, right?"

"Maybe not?"

This is the first time I've ever thought of this.

It makes me want to hug him fiercely and kiss him a hundred times.

"So it's because you're so awesome, right?"

You did what a bunch of farting kids couldn't do with the best facilities, and you did it with a header on the ground?

At my words, Harriet blanches and wiggles her fingers.

"......Well, I wouldn't say that."

"Exactly, no, exactly."

"Uh huh....... Right......."

You do realize what a great job you've done.

I'm watching him squirm with embarrassment after a major accident.

It looks a million times cuter and more awesome than usual.

"Let's cuddle, my paktong."

"Shh, no!"

"No why!"

"I don't like this, it's like praising a dog!"

"No, who cares?"

In the end, it was the same thing: I got what I deserved and I got what I didn't deserve.

What it was like to create a new imaginary dimension.

You may not realize it, but warp gates weren't invented by a single wizard in the first place.

From what I've heard from Archduke St. Thuan, it was a project that the Emperor pushed for long ago, almost at the cost of the empire.

The best wizards of the day would be attached to it, and it would be the result of the best wizards of the day working together for a very long time.

The Warp Gate is the culmination of many years of research and experimentation.

It's no one man's show, and she did it all by herself, here, with no facilities or equipment.

In the beginning, when I was still clueless as to the cause of the gate, Herriot had skimmed through the research on warp gates under the guise of studying dimensional magic.

This knowledge is already in Herriot's head, so it won't be exactly the same as it was before he developed the warp gate.

But at the end of the day, it doesn't change the fact that Herriot did something that no one else did.

Anyway, unlike the original, Heriot does fight, but that's not his purpose. She's not always on the battlefield.

So in the end, he had time to think and came up with his own, albeit crude, way to resurrect the warp gate technology.

Of course, I'm sure it's also due in large part to the fact that I made him do research on warp gates that he shouldn't have known about in the first place.

The truth in the end.

Herriot succeeded in devising a new warp gate system.

"What's the distance?"

"I'm just trying it out to see if it works or not, and if I make it bigger, of course the distance will increase, but it's not really serving any purpose right now."

"What if we can afford to go big?"

"It's not much different than an existing warp gate, and you know that warp gates work with all warp gates within their reach, right?"

"I know."

"Also, remember when I set up a network of interconnecting warp gates, a gated passageway that would allow us to reach our destination in one fell swoop without having to go back and forth?"

"A little bit."

The old warp gate system, or subway lines in layman's terms, were haphazardly built with too many transfers. It felt like spaghetti code.

It's kind of like the subway stations where the first subways were built were very dilapidated, even though you can't see the dilapidation.

But this is something that Herriot designed from scratch.

You don't have to get off and on at gate stops, then get back on, then get off, then get back on again to make a super long trip like you used to.

"I guess we're going to have to have a waypoint to travel super long distances after all, connecting gates to....... So we'll have to build a Nexus."

"Nexus......?"

"We need a connection point to amplify the warp gate signal, which is what the warp gate does, it's just a waypoint, it doesn't actually let people in and out."

"Did you develop that too, the bird?"

"...... No way, just make half a warp gate and that's a nexus."

"......?"

"You don't understand?"

"Of course."

Sir, I don't quite understand what you're saying.

Herriot draws a picture.

1 - 2 - 