Episode 245.





Like the Merchant Guild, Shanafel says it makes its donations after internal discussions.

The 1 trillion won to pay Olivia Ranze to sign with the team was agreed upon.

In this case, it's obviously not as much as it would have been to get Olivia.

Olivia was overwhelmed with gratitude for Chanapelle's decision to sponsor her.

Saviolin Tana seemed to be satisfied with Olivia's attitude already.

Apparently, they realized that backing me for influence over Olivia was the right move.

Sponsorship from two megacorps was determined.

Merchant Guild, and Shanapelle.

That alone made things a little weird.

"I'd like to talk to you in more detail about sponsorship......."

"Mr. Reinhardt, may I speak to you for a moment?"

"I was in a hurry earlier, so I didn't hear you properly......."

The atmosphere suddenly got weird.

There's only one reason.

Owen de Getmora, the Merchant's Guild Guildmaster, still sitting in the corner watching me, smiled at me.

Everyone thought my plan was ridiculous, and it took a magician to figure that out.

But results matter.

The "fact" that the Merchant's Guild had pledged sponsorship, and that Shanapelle had pledged sponsorship, was spread around the sponsorship hall.

The Merchant's Guild wouldn't sponsor an unproven cause, and the Knights of Shanapelle wouldn't sponsor magical research for nothing.

I can't help but think there's something to what I'm planning.

The Merchant Guild's patronage is for ties to the Empire.

Chanapelle's sponsorship was meant to appease Olivia Lanchester.

But they have no idea what's going on.

However, the fact that two non-magical groups have pledged their support to the seemingly impossible task of magical research is significant.

I've literally gone from being the "weirdo" in the room to the "bad guy" in the sponsorship room.

Because of a sponsorship pledge received for a completely different reason.

Sponsorship is not an investment.

So they don't get rewarded. They just trust the Merchant Guild and Shanapelle's judgment.

While you won't be able to exercise your stake if the ridiculous things I'm talking about are made, there are benefits to just having the fact that you've backed them.

And for the simple reason that it's crowded.

So I've been promised sponsorships by as many as a third of the people here.

This is probably the behavior of Owen de Getmora.

He's created an environment where people can't help but be interested in backing him.

"......what."

"I'm a little confused, too."

"A good thing is a good thing, right?"

"Right?"

In the end, neither my expectations nor Olivia's were met, and I ended up with a ton of backers.

It was even more ridiculous when I realized it wasn't my fault, it was a misunderstanding.



* * *



Toward the end of the campaign.

Saviolin Tana came to me again.

This time, he seemed to have a purpose for me. He pulled me away from Olivia, saying he wanted to talk to me in private.

What is personal.

"I heard about the Orbis class."

"Oh, yeah......."

At Saviolin Tana's words, I looked at Dr. Effinghauser in the distance. She's really told him everything about me.

This sponsorship was originally intended to be attended by Royal and Orbis Class members. However, not a single member of the Orbis class attended this event.

"You should know that you have made many enemies."

She lowered her voice to an inaudible whisper and said.

"I know that."

The Orbis class incident was an inflection point in history, so I made enemies of both the students who would be expelled and the teachers who would be fired.

Of course, there's no point in hating me, but there are plenty of people out there with a vendetta against me.

That's what I meant when I said I knew, but Saviolin Tana shook her head.

"Don't think your enemy is the Orbis class."

"......."

"How many people do you think were supporting Orbis Class at this sponsorship event, or how many people didn't show up at all when they heard that Orbis Class wasn't coming?"

My whole body felt like it was freezing.

"If the students in your sponsored Orbis class are put on trial, jailed, or expelled, you have incurred the wrath of their sponsors."

Sponsored students are expelled. An investment made with an eye to the future is wasted. Of course, talent doesn't go anywhere, but the difference between an Orbis class graduate and an expelled student is huge.

If they are even facing jail time, it may be impossible to accept them.

I have turned against not only the Orbis class, but also their backers. They may not all hate me, but each and every one of them is a big shot.

Saviolin Tana was telling me things I didn't know.

"The price of one fight is too high."

"They don't say don't use your fists for nothing."

I was stunned, as I never expected to hear such advice from the world's most powerful person.

"But that's weird."

Saviolin Tana sees me.

"Rather a fellow like you, who didn't die an oddly early death."

She walked out of the patronage hall with a faint smile.

Saviolin Tana, the current reigning world champion.

Maybe it's because I feel like Ellen.

I had a good feeling about him.

Bottom line.

With a huge amount of backers, we achieved our goal.

I also realized that I could die at any time and it wouldn't matter.



* * *



Olivia and I went back to the dorm. I didn't mention that we were in danger of making too many enemies.

Then I'd be stuck with this personality all day long.

That's even scarier.

"Well, I'm glad it worked out somehow."

"Yes, and it's all because of you."

It was Olivia who introduced me to the sponsorship, and it was Olivia who made the connection with Saviolin Tana.

So it's all thanks to her that the Magical Research Society has a fully funded budget. Olivia looks at me and smiles wryly.

"Thank you?"

You're going to bullshit me again. You're going to ask me to kiss you.

"Are you sure you want to do this?"

"Uh, huh?"

"Are you sure you want to do this?"

What the heck.

It's nighttime and no one's watching, so I'm just going to do it.

Olivia stumbled back, her face still recognizable in the middle of the night. I looked at her and clicked my tongue.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, you're paying lip service to the topic."

"What?! I can do it! I can do it! I can do it!"

"No, no, no, no, no, no!"

There's no one around, but there might be a listening ear somewhere!

"You do realize that you're the only person in the Temple, nay, in the whole world, who disrespects me like this, Reinhardt?"

Come to think of it, yes.

She was called a saint everywhere she went and was coveted by everyone in the sponsorship hall, but I feel like I was treated badly.

Olivia huffed and puffed, clearly annoyed with my attitude.

-side!

"!"

And then, out of nowhere, he kissed me on the cheek.

No.

This guy.

Suddenly?

I usually do this on a whim, but this one was a little too out of the blue for me, so I had to play it safe.

So, was it all a concept after all?

"Don't support me, don't worship me, don't force me to be anything, don't want me to be anything. Just treat me as I am."

Olivia says, looking at me with the ice cube.

"So good."





She smiled dazzlingly.

Olivia must have thought I was going to shit myself if I came to my senses, because she was out of my line of sight in a flash.

I can't believe I can run that fast in a dress and shoes.

I could see why Saviolin Tana was so coveted.

-Beep!

-Ack!

But then I broke my heel and fell.

-Mo, mo, pretend you didn't see it!

Even without looking, I could see Olivia's expression.



* * *



Ellen sat dazedly on the couch in the foyer of her dorm, the entrance to the hall.

I don't know why I was sitting in the lobby, I just couldn't help myself.

After seeing Reinhardt grab Olivia Ranze's dressed hand and drag her somewhere, I couldn't get my hands on the dueling swords.

I heard we're going to a benefit or something today, so that's why I'm wearing a dress, or so I thought.

I don't need to get upset.

I sat there dumbfounded, unable to do anything.

He was close to Reinhardt.

The senior, dressed in a dress and makeup, was too beautiful for her own good.

I was told it was because of the Magical Research Society.

Nothing's going to happen, it's just a public thing, or so I thought.

Ellen sat idly in the lobby, feeling uneasy for some reason.

You don't even know why you're sitting there.

Not knowing what to expect. I just couldn't bear to not do it.

I wonder how many hours I'll be sitting there.

The sun had long since set and night was falling. Few students came and went from the lobby, and you were the only one sitting in the huge hall.

-This is embarrassing....... What an embarrassment.......

Soon, a voice sounded familiar from the entrance.

She's still hard to miss in her off-the-shoulder dress, but she's stumbling in with a broken heel in her hand.

Reinhardt wasn't around.

Olivia walked in and made eye contact with Ellen, who was sitting idly on a couch near the hall.

"...... Ah, our Reinhardt friend, how are you?"

"It's ......."

"What are you doing here at this hour?"

Olivia scratched her head. I don't know why he's walking in with a broken heel.

Why didn't Reinhardt come back with him.

It doesn't know that either.

What am I doing here?

That too.

I'm not sure.

However, it feels a little weird.

Our Reinhardt friend.

The wording is a bit.

It's strangely unpleasant.

"Our" Reinhardt friend.

It's not a we, it actually sounds like a "my".

No, this is too far-fetched. But the other person stares at Ellen and gives her a strange smile of understanding.

"...... Reinhardt waiting?"

"It's ......."

Unable to say no, Ellen nodded.

"Why are you waiting?"

"......?"

Why.

Ellen hadn't thought about it. She was waiting for Reinhardt, that's true. But why she was waiting, she doesn't know. Olivia stares at Ellen, unable to find an answer.

"You know what?"

"......What?"

"You, a little annoyed?"

"Is that ......?"

The bluntness of the statement caught Ellen off guard.

I don't have any contact with him, he's just a guy I bump into from time to time. He's the one who saved Reinhardt's life, he's the one who's been helping him with this and that.

Your loved ones' loved ones.

Then you must be important to me, too.

For some reason, Ellen can't do that with this person. Olivia says that Ellen is annoying, and stares at her.

"Don't you know?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

The other person's snarky response triggers Ellen's snarky response.

Always the calm one, Ellen was embarrassed that she was going out like this.

"If you don't know, stay ignorant. Keep being this vague for the rest of your life. I like it."

As Olivia walks past Ellen, she whispers in her ear.

"In the future, take care of our Reinhard."

"......."

I wasn't mistaken.

The other person is trying to piss her off on purpose. Ellen stares at the back of Olivia Ranze's head as she walks away barefoot.

Also.

Reinhardt's benefactor, anyway.

I don't like that person.

After a while, Reinhardt returned.

"Why is your face rotten? What happened?"

"......No."

"Are you angry?"

"Nope. I'm not mad."

"Have you ever....... did I....... did something wrong?"

"No, I didn't do anything wrong."

Reinhardt hadn't done anything wrong.

But.

Somehow, a sense of regret stirred in me.

Ellen hated herself for it.

Reinhardt kept hovering over him, asking if he was okay, what was wrong, and offering to get him something to eat.

For some reason, Ellen ended up feeling better.





