Episode 246.





A few days later, a meeting of the Magical Research Society.

"This....... What's all this?"

"It's a donation."

I was able to show them the sponsorship certificates that arrived on the Royal Class Student Council flight.



[Imperial 1st Knight Shanapelle] - 400 Platinum Coins

[Merchant Guild] - 300 Platinum Coins

[Magic Society] - 100 Platinum Coins

[Count Kreuzen] - 50 platinum coins

[Knights of Rathran] - 10 Platinum Coins



Donations were coming in from the fastest movers.

A platinum coin is worth one hundred gold coins. One platinum coin is worth 100 million won.

That's about 40 billion from Shanapelle and 30 billion from the Merchant Guild.

Chanapelle is the price to buy Olivia Lanchester's favor.

Merchant Guilds are the price of buying friendly relations with the Empire.

It turned out to be a lot more than we thought.

Student government support has yet to be determined. However, it's time to move forward with or without student government support.

"This is not the end, there will be more."

We've raised nearly $100 billion in pledges in a single campaign, which wouldn't have happened if it weren't for the Merchant Guild and Shanapelle.

A number of unusual circumstances overlapped and overlapped, resulting in an enormous amount of money that far exceeded our expectations.

Everyone was looking at me like I was a god for accepting this kind of money just to go to one fundraiser.

I don't believe it either, but I don't see how they can easily believe it.

First and foremost, Louis Ankton, the bookkeeper, was appalled.

"Not enough?"

"No....... That can't be right."

You say one thing, but you don't know what will happen later. Money, and especially a budget, is something you never know when or where it's going to leak.

Herriot, in particular, was gaping and unable to speak.

"I know you're not going to do this, but we need to be transparent about how we spend the money, because our supporters might be curious about what we're doing, and we need to report on a regular basis how we're spending our budget and what our balance is, do you understand me?"

"Uh, okay."

His previous budget was huge, but now he had a budget that was even bigger, and he was a little nervous and scared. After all, if he made a mistake in his books, he could be in trouble.

It's fun to watch Herriot not be able to speak properly.

I had no idea what I was getting myself into when I started the Magic Society.

I told them to just create and run it on their own, but I ended up joining them, becoming president, and then responding to Harriet's prank to get money, which led to a whole bunch of unexpected things.

They say people don't know what they're doing.

As it turns out, if I hadn't become president of the Magical Research Society, I'm pretty sure it wouldn't have worked out.

"Good work, Reinhard."

Adelia said that. She looked genuinely grateful.

One by one, the others thanked her as she spoke.

Herriot still looked a little dazed.

"I mean, really....... save......."

This is the guy who thought I flunked my midterm because he asked for too much.

But I've been creating results that are beyond my wildest dreams.

Of course, I wouldn't have gotten this far without Olivia, but after all, my connection to her is one of my powers.

"I....... I really don't know what's what anymore."

Herriot sighs and looks at me.

"Nice work, thanks."

When Herriot sincerely thanks me like that, I feel a little weird.

"Do what you're told, assholes, and don't use the no money excuse anymore."

Work!

"Well then......."

We all sighed heavily, as if we knew this was how it was going to end.



* * *



The Magical Research Society is on track. Of course, the groundwork has been laid to make things happen.

In time, we'll probably hear about the lack of budget, but at least not this year.

I told him that if he needed money, he shouldn't worry about it and spend whatever it was. It would be ridiculous if they couldn't do their research because of money.

But seriously, you're not going to blow through a $100 billion budget in a month, are you?

And the work of setting up shops at each station of the horsepower train was well underway. We had the space, we had the permits, we had the investment.

I was delighted to see a shop set up at the station near the temple.

That's what happened with my one word.

I realized that people in business get fulfillment from things other than money.

The goods sold in these stores weren't much different from modern convenience stores. It was a place for people who had skipped breakfast to grab a quick bite to eat, or for things they needed on a whim.

It's not packed, but there's a steady stream of people coming and going.

I'm reminded of the saying that people don't know what they want.

Until now, people never felt the need to buy anything at the station.

But now people will be inconvenienced by the disappearance of shops from the station.

It's like people who used to be fine without their smartphones suddenly become anxious without them.

Just like the wizards in the original movie, who could only do their magic at the rate of their power when they didn't have power cartridges, but later couldn't even fight a battle without them.

Something that people want but don't know they want.

That's where the value comes from.

"I mean, what else is that?"

"Hmmm......."

So I asked Elise.

Eleris's ring. It smells a little bit like she's been cleaning up after herself.

He told me that he had created this thing called the Magical Research Society, and that they were going to build this and that, and that they had a huge budget.

Eleris said she didn't know I had that ability.

My reaction to what I was trying to build was similar to everyone else's.

"Something that people don't even realize is uncomfortable....... Mmm......."

Nothing seemed to sparkle.

"I don't know the business, and I don't know why he's doing it."

He didn't even suspect that making his classmates stronger had anything to do with rebuilding the demon world.

"Still, if it's my specialty, I'd recommend....... It's magic, but it's not a paid inconvenience."

"That's okay, I'm just asking you to say something, not to come up with an alternative."

Eleris seemed to concentrate, and soon summoned a flame above her right hand.

"It's an incendiary spell."

"I guess so."

The lowest magic of the lowest. It was only used to set something on fire.

"I can multicast a spell like this dozens of times, even with salt. It's almost like there's no casting, it's just something I'm so used to doing."

"......, right?"

"Well, this time we cast."

I couldn't understand what she was saying because I'm not a native speaker.

"It's a lesser spell that doesn't require casting, but you did cast it?"

"Yes."

"Why did you need to cast?"

"Because this incendiary spell I used used the mana in my surroundings, not the mana in my body."

"What......?"

In this world, mages use mana in their bodies. Therefore, the magic rank of a stat represents the amount of mana in the body.

But magic with atmospheric mana, the stuff of fantasy novels from my rental store days, was possible in this world?

"Isn't your method of using external mana like internal mana a way to overcome the lack of internal mana?"

"Right."

"But what I'm saying is that the magic of today was also created to solve a certain pain point at the time."

"If it's inconvenient......."

"Yes, manifesting magic using external mana is dozens of times more difficult than using internal mana. You have to measure and calculate energy that is always in flux."

It's like a car that doesn't have a fuel tank and has to get gasoline from outside.

I didn't understand exactly what it was, but I got the idea.

"Long, long ago, in ancient times, this is how magic was, and it was a special power reserved for the few, even more so than now. There were only a hundred or so wizards on the entire continent, and even then, they weren't very powerful. If I were to manifest my magic this way, I wouldn't be able to do anything great."

"......So, the current way of using magic was created to eliminate the inconvenience of casting magic while controlling external mana flow?"

"Yes."

Just as power cartridges were a way to push the limits of what magic is now, magic was a way to push the limits of what it could be.

"People have found it easier to manipulate the magic in their bodies, so different ways to increase the amount of magic in the body have been studied. Over the course of history, this form of magic has become more common, so access to it is much better than it used to be."

There is a way to use natural mana.

It's just that it's very difficult, so it's a very old way of doing things.

"I'm only saying this because I don't know what people are uncomfortable with, and I remember this is what it looks like when something uncomfortable becomes comfortable....... I don't know how this is going to help you."

I'm just saying this off the top of my head.

I chuckled.

"No, it was a big help."

Difficult doesn't mean impossible.

Herriot de Saint-Étienne gains access to nature's mana.

The God of Destruction himself, perhaps?

It's scary to think about.

Of course.

"You, you, you! Why do you only do it to me? Why do you only give me the hardest things? Why do you only do it to me?"

She actually cried when I told her to research ways to manipulate atmospheric mana to create magic.



* * *



Enchantments that manipulate atmospheric mana.

Perhaps it was too much to ask that she try something that even Elise, despite her immense talent, would struggle with. Herriot cried when she was asked to order dimensional magic and then something that didn't even make sense.

He seemed to think I was doing weird things just to annoy him.

After he calmed down a bit, I looked at him and said.

"No, I'm just saying that because I genuinely think you can do it. I'm not doing it on purpose to harass you, am I crazy?"

"You're crazy!"

Uh.

You're right.

They say bullshit on purpose to harass you, but not in this case!

"No, but you don't say no without trying, do you?"

"Do you think people don't use it because they're stupid? It's a modern theory of magic that people smarter and better than you used chi to create it......."

"What if they're all stupid?"

"......?"

I cut him off and walked in, and a wide-eyed Harriet blinked.

"What if they're all dumber than you, and they're the ones who invented the current theory of magic?"

"What, what....... What the hell are you talking about?"

"It's possible that every wizard in history is dumber than you."

You're just following the path the idiots made for you.

Sure, they're smarter than me, but Herriot could be smarter than them.

She is the greatest talent not only in House Saint-Thuan, but in the history of magic. Heriot will be able to make the impossible possible.

She seemed genuinely flustered by my outrageous compliment.

I don't even blush.

"Are you....... Are you serious?"

"Sure, I mean it."

Herriot sees me.

It's like they're trying to find something in my eyes to tease me, or suspicion, or doubt.

But there is no such thing. I believe that Herriot had the talent and brains to be the greatest wizard that ever existed.

"You....... How much of a genius do you think I am? What makes you think that......."

"You will be the greatest wizard of all time, regardless of race, and you know what I can do."

"Uh, yeah......."

Self-implication.

I stare at it, ready to hand it to Harriet, my eyes unwavering.

"I believe that."

I know I'm being self-serving, but it's true.

"So, you're going to trust me and shut up and do what I say."

"You always finish like this!"





