Episode 247.





A system of magic that uses atmospheric mana following dimensional magic.

Herriot seemed to be willing to try after all. I really think he can make it work.

I feel a little bad for you, though, because I really do believe in you, but I'm asking you to do too much, even for me.

I decided it was time to take a break, so I cut back on my visits to the Magical Research Society and focused my time on personal training.

I've been taking enchantment classes, and while I feel better than I used to, I still don't have a good feel for it.

Ellen's use of magic enhancements to roll snowballs was already well established.

"You are so weird."

"Well."

When I snapped in the middle of class with a sudden burst of irritation, Ellen shot me a fat look.

"Let's use the word special instead of strange, Mr. Reinhardt."

The yoga master patted me on the shoulder as if to tell me not to fight.

"The Reinhardts aren't invincible either, I can see them realizing the power of horsepower."

"Is ...... real?"

"Sure."

I have no idea, so what are you basing that on?

I'm assuming that's the case if you are, but I'm still not sure.......

In my enchantment classes with Ellen, she was learning so fast that she was being taught the finer points and details of the operation, while I was being taught the basics.

I guess you could say I'm a genius.

It's just that there's always someone next to you who's too embarrassed to be called a genius.

No matter what I do, it's backwards compatible with Ellen.

No swordsmanship, no enchantment.

No, backwards compatibility is too strong a word.

I wonder if the magic majors around Heriot feel this way.

My yoga master tends to spend the whole class telling me that Ellen is so good, and that I shouldn't be disappointed because I'm definitely achieving too.

So.

When you hear that dozens of times throughout a class, it's not uplifting, it's disheartening.

Enchantment classes are like extra classes, so there are no tests and no grading.

So normally I'm done by 3:00, but on the days I'm in the enchantment class, I'm done by 5:00.

Interestingly enough, I feel a slight increase in horsepower just by taking the Enchantment class, as if I were taking the Enchantment Sensitization class. Of course, it's not significant.

The Magic Dominance talent will bloom when you hit Rank A, but that's a long way off.

That's something we can only dream about after Moonshine is built.

Walking back to your dorm after class.

Since it was fall, it was still dark at this time of day.

"Where are you going?"

Ellen exited the building where her class was held and headed in the opposite direction of her dorm.

"I'm going to go see the gray-haired lady."

"...... is it?"

Ellen would still visit Loyar from time to time, but she seemed to have gotten away from him lately.

Now that you've enchanted yourself, you want to see how you'd fare against Loyaar.

"Come with me."

I know the business is doing well, but I'd love to see them fight.

"Yes."

Ellen nodded and led the way.

The skirt of Ellen's school uniform swayed quietly in the fall breeze.



* * *



Your combat power will skyrocket from the moment the Enchantment becomes available.

If you don't have access to enchantments, it's very difficult for you to engage in multiplayer combat, no matter how good you are.

To do so, you'd have to armor yourself with heavy armor like plate armor, but you'd lose mobility.

However, while Enchantment is a physical enhancement, it also protects the body with the energy it releases.

No longer needing to rely on heavy armor for protection, their physical abilities are greatly increased, and their mobility far exceeds that of normal humans, and their bodies are such that no ordinary sword can fit through their teeth.

-Bang! Pow! thud!

I was thinking about that as I watched Ellen and Loyar duke it out in the woods with their respective enchantments.

This is ridiculous.

The sun had already set, so I could only see a blue ball of flame and Loyaar colliding furiously.

The stereotypical relationship between mages and warriors in this genre is that the warrior has the upper hand.

I couldn't help but notice.

A human chariot covered in blue flames is charging at you at breakneck speed, and you can't stay calm and use your magic.

Then there's the concept of antihorsepower. Even at Temple, you're trained in antimagic starting in the second grade.

Lesser spells don't work, and higher spells that do require casting time.

I'll have the tip of a knife at my throat in a second, but can I cast?

In hindsight, Redina's talent for no-casting makes even less sense than Herriot's.

It took a while, ending with Ellen breathing heavily and disengaging her enchantment.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

Loyaar released his own enchantment and dusted off his hands.

Despite having gotten used to the enchantments, Loyar still had the upper hand on Ellen.

Still, it was Loyar who was fed up.

"Monstrous bastard."

This is because Ellen's growth has been faster than she expected.

Obviously, the guy who didn't even know how to use Enchantment a few months ago is now a master of it.

"What's the problem?"

Ellen cleared her throat and looked at Loyar as if to ask for clarification. Loyar seemed to hesitate, then slowly opened his mouth.

"You're too rough."

"Rough?"

"You have too much power output. It's amazing that you can do it, but that's beside the point. You use your power so explosively that you burn out easily. If a normal person used your power, they wouldn't last ten seconds. You're only able to do this because you have a ridiculous amount of natural horsepower."

"......."

"You put your first button in the wrong place. Do you understand what I mean?"

"Yes."

Ellen realized the power of enchantment in a real-life situation. She needed to be explosive and powerful, so she started by fighting with a burst of power.

"But I hear it's hard to fix."

"...... Of course, because you didn't learn to write it. You're going to have to work for it."

Enchantments are like magic, after all. It's not a school of thought, but there are ways of doing things that are passed down like arcana. Each knightly order will be different, and there will be imperial and royal ways.

We had to learn Temple's enchantment vision, which is also a very good one.

Start slow. One step at a time.

But Ellen had created her own path, and there was no room for other visions.

I've heard it before, just as Ellen has heard it from her yoga master teacher.

Ellen's magical enhancement had become something that had to be done her way.

It's very powerful for explosive force, but has poor sustain.

Once you realize your own enchantments, you can't help but use them in your own way.

Like Ellen, I'm the same way.

I don't yet know what my enchantments will be like. But it will have its own characteristics, and they will be very different from those taught in the Temple.

The yoga master teacher was teaching an energizing class in a format that allowed him to assist us.

"Your output is more than enough, it's too much. So train to increase your endurance."

"Yeah, I'll do that."

But it's going to be very difficult, Loyard says.

It would be nice if Ellen could control her output.

It can produce ridiculous output, and it can be tightened up very little.

"I have a question."

"What. I'm not going to answer that."

"Is she a masterclass?"

Masterclass.

If you wield a spear, you're a Lancemaster, and if you wield a sword, you're a Swordmaster.

Those who reach mastery are called masterclasses.

Someone like the viola tana I saw the other day is a swordmaster. A yoga master teacher is probably a masterclass. I don't know what he's a master of.

It seemed that Ellen had been wondering all along if Loyar was a master.

Masterclasses are the next step in disenchantment.

If you can use enchantments on the weapon you're using, it's a masterclass.

For example, when you become a sword master or sword instructor, it's a master class, and there are very few of them.

Saviolin Tana has earned her status as one of the best in a very small number of masterclasses.

If the criteria for enchanting objects beyond in vitro emissions is that they can be handled, then shouldn't people who use fists already be in the master class when they can enchant them? Probably not, but I wonder if there's another criteria?

Loyar chuckled at Ellen's question.

"From now on, when I call her sister, she will answer me."

At that, Ellen looked at Loyar with a fatalistic expression, then shook her head.

"......That's it."

"You really need to get your ass kicked."

Ellen was literally beaten to a pulp.



* * *



Return to the temple.

Ellen is on my back.

"I'm sick......."

If this is coming from an unruly child, they're really, really sick.

Ellen is particularly nasty to Loyar, who has a nasty temper. I don't know why, but maybe it's because she finds it amusing.

"So why did you say something you shouldn't have?"

"......I don't want to hear that from you."

"......Yes."

I'm the guy who always gets in trouble for saying things I shouldn't, but this.

Ellen clung to my back, sagging helplessly.

"Why are you doing this to me, but not to your sister?"

I wondered again. Of course, I'd lost to Loyar, and I've been losing ever since, and even with my enchantments, I'm still no match for him. But even though I know he doesn't want to hear it, I teasingly call him auntie, and he does.

I used to have to do that, but now I don't have to.

She said she'd let me know if I called her sister, and my eyeballs nearly popped out of my head when she said no.

How much do you really want to tease?

He's a quick thinker, so when I provoke him, he always gets beaten back and ends up like this.

"You're giving me ......."

"......what?"

"When I do, you pick me up."

If you're hit from behind, you'll be immobilized.

Then I'll give you a hand or pick you up.

So you're deliberately provocative?

"Is this ......?"

I was a little confused.

I'm not the kind of kid to say this.

Ellen remained still, her hand tightening around the nape of my neck. It was weak enough to break free at the slightest touch.





But I definitely felt empowered.

Ellen's breath on the nape of my neck made me feel a little weird.

"......."

Ellen had no answer.

I, too, had nothing to say.

I was walking along in silence.



['Preview' is enabled].



I stopped in my tracks as a message suddenly popped up in front of me.

I've only used it once so far. It was activated when Olivia Lance was taken away, so I tried it out.

I don't know the context, but it seems to signal that something important is happening.



[Preview - 100 points].



Nor is it showing multiple like last time.

Only one preview.

"......What's wrong?"

Ellen asked, squirming.

"No, nothing."

Your current achievement score is 5,730 points.

There's no reason not to.



[Use achievement points].



The world stops, and a point in time in this world is projected into my eyes.



Tuesday, October 23, 323 imperial year.

The date is today.

It probably means it's about to happen.

It was me in front of me.

I'm down.

A stab wound to the stomach.

I was lying in a pool of blood.

Next to me, Ellen leaned back against the wall, her back to the wall, with a similarly deep scar across her chest. Ellen's eyes were unfocused.

Me and Ellen are.

It's about to die.



I had goosebumps all over my body, scared to get back to reality.

Ellen and I are about to be killed by someone. Ellen, on my back, seems unharmed, but now I can barely lift a finger.

We don't really know what's going on, but we know that Ellen can't move her hands. It's not even a fight.

Who is killing me, why, and under what circumstances?

"......What's wrong? Are you sick? Are you heavy?"

"No."

Is the target me? Or is it both me and Ellen, killing me and eliminating Ellen as a witness?

I'm not sure, but it's a strong possibility that I'm the target.

We don't know anything yet.

With Ellen incapacitated, an assassin is targeting us.

Should I go back to the Rotary Club? No, this place is off the beaten path. No one flocked to my body in the scene I just saw.

You may be ambushed on your way back to the Rotary Club.

There was no sign of a fight on my fallen body.

I would not have recognized the attack.

Then ambush. We were attacked by assassins in this uninhabited neighborhood.

Go to a crowded place.

The Rotary Club's headquarters is located in the southern ecliptic, off the beaten path, making it a perfect target for assassins.

We don't know exactly where it is, but we do know this.

This is about to happen.

Return to the Rotary Club and be protected by Loyar, or make it as fast as possible to the last station and board the magic train.

You have to make a choice.

My heart was beating like crazy. I felt like I was going to lose my composure, knowing so suddenly that I was going to die.

I die, Ellen dies.

You have to think fast.

Should I take the scribe's advice?

No, the situation is about to happen and I don't have time to take the scribe's advice and think about it. I need to trust my intuition now.

Thankfully, this fucking asshole doesn't want me to die in vain. That's why he brought this to my attention.

"Reinhard, calm down."

"......."

"What's wrong. What's going on?"

Ellen whispered softly, concerned when I suddenly broke out in a cold sweat.

But I didn't have the presence of mind to answer.

It's off the beaten path, but that doesn't mean there aren't any passersby.

Is that him?

Or that one?

Or all of them?

You never know who's going to attack you and when, so you're forced to suspect everyone around you of being an assassin.

I don't feel alive. I don't even know what it is.

The wound was clearly penetrating, and a sword-like weapon was used.

It's unlikely that you'll be subjected to long-range sniping.

Going back to the Rotary Club is rather dangerous; you might get attacked on the way back.

"I'm going to run. Hold on tight."

"Yes."

I squeezed the hand holding Ellen and started running toward the Napa station.

I can't kill you.

That was all I could think about.





