Episode 249.





I closed my mouth to keep from scratching.

Ellen is the only one who knows I'm under assassination threat. And even she doesn't really believe it.

I had no choice but to continue my temple life with my nerves on edge.

"Are you feeling weird lately?"

On the way home from psychic class, Riana looked at me and said.

On days when I have psychic classes, I tend to go with Riana. Heinrich is also a psychic, but he feels like Riana hasn't played with him since he got the ugly hairs.

"What."

"You always look like shit, but you look even worse now. Did something happen? Did you have a fight with Ellen? It didn't look like it."

"Not really."

I've been walking around nervously, and it looks like I'm wearing a sign on my face that says, "Something's been going on with me lately.

......If you're breathing hard, you can't tell.

I made a short tongue-in-cheek comment.

"I think I've been making too many enemies lately."

I'm not going to lie, I didn't believe it if I told you, so I just kind of blurted it out.

"What do you mean, all of a sudden?"

"The whole Orbis class thing made me realize that there are a lot more people who have a grudge against me than I ever imagined, and there are probably as many of them inside the Temple as there are outside. So I'm a little hesitant, in case something happens."

"Wow, you care about that stuff, I'm surprised you're thinking about it."

My sister....... I'm not in the mood to deal with my sister right now.

Wait, this guy can do near-instantaneous auto-interception of any threat, right?

Should I stick around for a while?

......No, if I tried to stick around, she'd call me a nuisance and I'd be intercepted. Riana smiled coyly and patted my side.

"Why, do you think anyone would kill you?"

"Maybe."

"......?"

"No, I'm not saying it is, I'm saying it might be. You don't know people."

"......Are you taking this too seriously?"

Riana's reaction isn't much different than Ellen's.

"If the Orbis class is shut down because of this, there are a lot of people who will be hurt, and a lot of people who will resent me for causing it."

"Umm....... I guess."

But at my words, Riana shook her head.

"By the way, I don't think Orvis's class will be closed."

Riana seemed convinced.

"Based on what?"

"Specialized classes were created to produce great people, not to produce results. Even if problems within the class fester and burst, as long as the goal of producing great people is achieved, everything else is just noise."

It was exactly what Mr. Epinhauser had said to the disciplinary committee.

Dr. Epinhauser said that even if I had a temper tantrum, I was still a good person and should be tolerated. That's what the temple is for.

Therefore, in the same vein, it is true that Orbis Class is producing excellent talent as a result, even if there was violence between seniors and juniors and subordination of teachers.

So, the Orbis class is not going away.

Maybe pruning doesn't even happen.

Vice Chancellor Temple. The Assyrian Walcons also seemed to be aware of the problems with the Orbis class.

Contrary to my expectations, there may not be much going on with the Orbis class.

Students might actually be punished, and faculty might be kicked out. Riana seemed to think that the decision to close Orbis classes was unlikely.

It sounded like he had a point.

"So stop worrying so much and start smiling, asshole, I'm making you uncomfortable."

She said she could only say that because she didn't know what was going on, but when Riana smiled and said it, I felt a little reassured.

I mean trustworthy in a different way than Ellen.

Then, as soon as I got back to my royal class dorm, I heard something shocking.

"Orbis class is being closed!"

Herriot's words made Liana and I stare at each other in confusion.

"......."

"Uh, um. Is that how it works......?"

Riana scratched her cheek with her index finger with a dumbfounded expression.



* * *



Closed.

One of the Temple's twin specialty classes, the Orbis class is said to have been created on purpose to encourage the Royal class to improve, but the Orbis class has also produced some very talented individuals over the generations.

As Riana says, it's a group that is serving its purpose well, regardless of its internal issues.

No matter how serious the problem of internalized violence, Riana's words convinced me that Orbis Class would not be closed.

"The school is closing? Are you sure?"

At Riana's question, Herriot nodded vigorously. He looked bewildered, as if he hadn't seen this coming either.

"I think it was decided at a meeting with the president. I don't know the details, but the school is closed."

An inflection point in history has occurred, so it's no surprise that Orbis Classes is closing. Were there a number of issues that festered to the point of closure?

While denying the absolute goal of developing and producing great people?

The Orbis class is, to put it mildly, an accessory to the Royal class.

The loss of the Orbis class will obviously have an impact on the Royal class.

"What happens to the kids who used to go there?"

"Well, I don't know about that, but....... Maybe you'll end up in a different class?"

We don't know the details yet.

Closing the Orbis class.

What I did was taken to an extreme.

"Hey....... I think you're in real trouble."

I don't want anyone to take it out on me and tell me what to do.

"You, tell me if you need to go somewhere."

Riana looks at me nervously.

At this point, I was seriously considering that my life might be in danger.

-Physics!

Sparks flew from the tip of Riana's index finger.

"With this, I can take out the bad guys with one shot."

Riana seemed to be willing to escort me at any time.

An escort to the Duchess.

That feels good.



* * *



The closure of Orbis Class means that there must be enemies. It could be your fellow Orbis Classmates, or it could be your teachers.

Now that you've stung the hive and destroyed the hive itself, the homeless bees will focus their hatred.

So I was a little more cautious in my behavior.

I didn't go anywhere by myself. I never left my dorm after class. I always had Ellen with me or Riana by my side, because they knew I was in danger.

While Ellen's skills were reliable, Riana's security was a bit more assured.

Riana could react to unexpected surprises as long as she was in range.

Even so, the decision to close the school was surprising.

"I need to talk to you for a minute, Reinhard."

Then, out of the blue, Bertus called me over.



* * *



"Don't be a brat for a while."

Bertus, who had summoned me, sipped his black tea and spoke casually.

Bertus started with that, even though I hadn't said anything.

"Now that the school is closed, there are a lot of people who have been harmed by you, individually and collectively. And even if all of them know that you weren't the actual cause, they know that you were the trigger, so if you go any further, you're not just going to trip over a rock, you're going to trip over a rock and fall off a cliff."

"......."

While trying to get rid of the Ender Wilton case and fix the Orbis class issue, things got out of hand.

"You're in a royal class dorm, and if you don't do anything, you'll be fine."

Don't mess with me. Obviously, I didn't want to get into any trouble either.

But Bertus' words sounded a little strange.

I'll be fine.

The word itself is cringe-worthy.

Bertus smiled, as if sensing that I had realized something.

"People tend to hate their internal enemies a little more than their external enemies."

Whistleblowers.

"Rilka Aaron......?"

"I don't know about you, but I don't think he's going to get disfellowshipped."

The Orbis collapse started with me, but it was Lilka Ehren's whistleblowing that was crucial.

I can be protected by princes and princesses and countless others, but Rilka Aaron cannot.

He's more dangerous than I am.

I took a risk and blew the whistle to end the injustice.

As a result, the Orbis class uncovered so many problems that it sank with them rather than fixing them.

Someone has to take the blame for all the damage done, all the anger that comes with it. People would come after me, but first they would not let Rilka Ern, who was Orbis class and had betrayed them, so to speak.

"What's going on with......?"

"The Temple is protecting me now, but it won't be forever. I'll probably be assigned to a different class, and the Orbis will split up, but there will be a gap at some point, and no one can be safe forever."

"......."

"Didn't we have a kidnapping of a princess in Emperor Emperatos?"

Nothing is absolutely safe.

Like Sarkozy kidnapping the princess.

By the way, if you want to kill Rilka Aaron, you can kill her.

Bertus's cold expression, especially cold today.



* * *



I have enough to worry about with my own life, I can't possibly be responsible for Rilka Aaron's. Even I don't know who's after my life right now.

The Orbis first-years took collective action, even if it took a whistleblower in the form of Rilka Aaron.

Maybe they're all in danger.

The damage is done, and the members of the Orbis class will be scattered. Not all of them will have the Temple's protection forever.

Bertus will help me, but he won't help Lilka Aaron, and he has no reason to.

Back in the private room, I sat down at my desk.

It was past my bedtime, but I couldn't fall asleep.

Things don't always work out the way you think they should.

It doesn't remove the absurdity of the Orbis class, but it does make me scream about the absurdity.

I actually screamed, and the absurdity of the Orbis class was revealed.

Therefore, the class is closed.

But I didn't anticipate the amount of anger it would generate. I didn't realize it would lead to people trying to kill me and others.

I didn't realize that the Orbis class was more rotten than I thought.

If I stay still, I'll be safe in my royal class dorm room.

But until when?

I can't trust that the people who are after me will stop caring after a day or two.

This is how Rilka Aaron becomes dangerous.

If he dies, it won't be because of me, but it will be because of my actions.

I thought it was just a matter of identifying who was behind the assassination. It's a serious problem, but I didn't think it was unsolvable.

However, there are too many candidates at this point.

I don't know who the hell is trying to kill me, and I'm sure there are many more who would feel the same way.

What the heck am I supposed to do with this?

I can't figure it out. I think my head is blocked.



[Scribe's Advice] - 150 points



An ability I'd forgotten about for a while.

Like the preview suddenly foreshadowed my death and I was able to avoid it.

His advice completely changed my life.

It all started when I took the scribe's advice and met Elyse.

When you don't know what to do, a scribe's advice is unpredictable in its outcome, but clear in its instructions for action.

Clear advice and vague advice.

Clear advice dictates precise behavior.

Vague advice is abstract.

Vague advice is hard to understand, but if you do, it's likely to be safe.

Clear advice is likely to come at a cost.

It's possible that both outcomes are entirely good, and it's possible that only very bad outcomes will occur. Most likely, you'll see a combination of good and bad outcomes.

Last time, I didn't understand the vague advice at all. I only realized what it meant after the fact.

However, the scribe's advice is still worth 150 points.

You can afford to listen to both vague and solid advice, as long as you can afford the achievement points.



[advice from an obscure scribe].

[Why did the Orbis class close?]



As usual.......

Again, I'm not sure what you're talking about.

The decision to close the Orbis class was made at a meeting chaired by the Chancellor. It is entirely possible that there is an imperial hand in it.

It was closed because the problems with the Orbis class outweighed the purpose of the temple, which was to produce great people. There must be more to it than that.

We don't know at this point.

Bertus or Charlotte would know the details.

I was looking for some solid advice anyway.



[Solid scribe's advice].

[Meet Oscar de Gradias, alone].



Oscar de Gradias.

I kind of intuitively knew this name was coming.





