Episode 250.





Meet Oscar de Gradias on your own.

Let's start with the bottom line.

If this is advice with both good and bad outcomes, then meeting Oscar is both the right answer and a risk.

He's bound to have some sort of connection to the assassin.

Apparently, he thought the situation was funny, rather than embarrassing, when he saw Rilka Aaron blowing the whistle while the disciplinary committee was in session.

He realized that we might be threatened with assassination, or actually die.

Did Oscar personally order the assassination?

I don't think so.

Is he connected to the person behind the assassination?

There's a pretty good chance it will.

Did Oscar know at the time of the disciplinary committee that Orvis's class would be closed?

We don't know that.

But it's clear that the way out of this situation is to meet Oscar.

It was never a good thing, and if we ever met again, we wouldn't have anything good to say about each other.

Nonetheless, you must meet him if you want to somehow resolve this assassination threat.

But he's objectively much stronger than me, and if he's serious, he could beat me to death with his bare hands.

I can see the danger in this advice, even though I haven't experienced it myself.

The obvious scribe even added the qualifier "alone.

If Ellen, or Riana, or anyone else is there, it means that Oscar won't be able to have a proper conversation with her.

If this is bad advice, it means I'm going to get killed by Oscar the moment I see him.

This advice from an obvious scribe was a test of courage, not reasoning.

I have to go where I might die. I don't know how Oscar will treat me.

Let's start with the vague advice.

Closing the Orbis class.

You need to know the real reason.



* * *



The next day.

I had gotten advice from Bertus once, so this time I went to Charlotte.

After waiting for Charlotte and Scarlett to finish their early morning training, I found Scarlett in a park in Temple.

"Ah, Reinhard. Hello."

Scarlett looked at me and ducked her head.

"Uh, hi. And Charlotte?"

I'm not close to Scarlett, but I've gotten used to his stern demeanor since we've been taking swordsmanship classes together.

But Scarlett wasn't at her side.

Weren't we always working out together at dawn? Not always, but I seem to recall seeing you occasionally.

"Ah. If you're talking about the Empress, ....... She's not here."

"Yeah, they're giving up?"

Despite her lack of stamina, she seemed to be working hard, though she didn't seem to be gaining any. It was clear that Charlotte had a physical ailment, not a demonic aftereffect, so to speak.

"No, he's been going to school in Huangsheng lately, so he can't join us for early morning training."

School in the Yellow Castle?

That was another new one. It's been a while since I've seen Charlotte in the dorms, though we're in different classes and rarely run into each other.

"Suddenly?"

"It's only been a few days, he's got a lot on his plate......."

"Well....... I guess. I guess."

There would be the Orbis class issue, and Bertus and Charlotte would often go to school at the imperial castle rather than the dormitories if something happened to the imperial family, so it wasn't too strange.

This meant that Charlotte would still be in Huangshan, and fortunately, I had a class with her today, so we could meet up after class to talk.

Luckily, today is Thursday.

It was an integrated class day, so Charlotte was in the next class over.

After class, I caught up with Charlotte as she was heading out of the temple, not the dorms.

"Yes, Reinhard."

Charlotte stopped walking at my call.

But somehow, he seemed to be in a bit of a rush.

You're busy.

But when I asked if she had a few minutes, Charlotte nodded, saying that was fine.

"I won't be back until tea time, but I can talk to you for a minute."

Charlotte and I sat side by side on a nearby park bench.

Charlotte shook her head at my question.

"You want to know why the Orbis class was closed?"

"Uh."

"Why is that?"

"I thought you weren't going to leave until after school. I was wondering if there was a reason other than this incident."

Charlotte stares at me.

"Oh no. I see you're digging up something again, so you're trying to pull a fast one."

The shepherd boy's lament.

I'm actually doing this because I need to do something, but I'm not even going to tell you.

"Stay in your dorm, you know it's a dangerous time to get into trouble."

Charlotte says the same thing as Bertus.

These two, they pretend they're not, but when you look closely, they look so much alike. Sometimes I think they're twins.

He's actually a different kind of guy.

"It's no big deal, I'm just really curious, and it's something I'm involved in."

"Hmmm......."

Charlotte stared at me, then crossed her arms as if that was possible.

"It's not a complicated reason, it's just that I was being a jerk."

"Presumptuous?"

"There's been a mass resignation of teachers, and a lot of seniors have dropped out. They fled before they were punished, so to speak. More than half the teachers and students were gone."

"...... looks like a protest?"

"......Yes."

Charlotte smiled thinly.

"It's an act of solidarity, like if you mess with me, you'll have to face the destruction of the entire Orbis class. I'll make it like it never happened, so please come back," I thought you'd say something like that."

"......."

Pushed to extremes, the seniors and teachers of the Orbis class took collective action. The class itself might collapse, so why do more?" kind of thing.

It must have been a bluff. Charlotte's eyes were cold as she told the story.

"It's a challenge to the empire."

"......."

"They're supported by the empire, they're fed by the empire, they're housed by the empire, they're educated by the empire, and they dare to negotiate such insolence with the empire?"

The collective action of the Orbis Class faculty and seniors offended the imperial family, not Temple headquarters.

"That's why the decision was made to destroy it, because it's cheeky. There is no Orbis class, and there never will be."

Cornered, the mouse bit the cat. But the cat tore the mouse to pieces. Rather than be changed or punished, he risked the entire Orbis class, and the imperial court took it as a challenge.

So the Orbis class disappeared by imperial decree.

I'm stuck at a dead end, and I'm getting carried away. The Orbis class touched something that shouldn't have been touched.

"But they won't be punished because they didn't actually commit a crime per se, but I don't think they'll be punished for the numerous acts of coercion, assault, etc. that we're going to find out about within the Orbis class."

Yes, if you don't want to work, quit; if you don't want to learn, get out.

The closure of the Orbis class was, after all, a result of fighting something that shouldn't have been fought.

Originally, the Temple did not consider closing the Orbis class, but offending the imperial family led to extreme measures.

We know why the Orbis class was closed.

But then I thought, what's the point?

What does finding out who's behind the assassination have to do with the Orbis class being self-absorbed?

-Bang!

"Eek!"

Suddenly, Charlotte slapped me on the back.

"You look like you're about to do it again. Huh?"

"No, because I didn't say anything?"

"If I see you thinking so hard, you're going to try to do something else, I know it. I don't want you to stay in your temple. No, I don't want you to leave your dorm."

"Well, I still have to go to class!"

"Who told you to leave class? Don't go hanging out in weird places outside of class! Look at you catching pods, even though you understand everything! I'm serious."

She said there was no time. Charlotte grabbed me and launched into an almost speech-like rant.

A person who is nagged by an empress.

This is a unique position, isn't it?

I glared at the nag, thinking about how Charlotte would give me another slap on the back if she knew what I was thinking.

After firing at it for a while, Charlotte sighed heavily.

"Reinhardt."

"...... I think I've already been scolded enough, what else is there here?"

It was a different, more subtle look than the one I'd been nagging him with.

"Don't get into trouble. I'm genuinely worried about you, and I always have been."

For some reason, Charlotte's face looked sad.

You say you're busy, what's going on?

"Okay?"

Charlotte chimed in.

"......Okay."

"I gotta go. I'm sorry. I'd love to talk to you more, but I'm busy."

"......When will you be back in the dorms?"

The words that came out of my mouth when I was hanging on for dear life were pretty, well, pathetic.

"Well, ....... If you don't mess up, he might be here soon."

Charlotte narrowed her eyes and said.

I couldn't take my eyes off Charlotte's back as she walked out of the room.

For good.



* * *



Once again, the vague scribe's advice didn't make sense right away.

So what we're left with is solid advice.

You must meet Oscar alone.

But this is too risky an option. You could meet with Oscar and get a clue, but there's too much chance that it could turn out to be a bad thing.

The stakes are too high. Can I win a real fight against Oscar, who can be enchanted even if I stab him with a protective bracelet in the flames of a fire?

Rilka Aaron's problem is one thing, but we can't hold our breath.

We can't stay in the temple forever.

For now, let's wait for information. There may be information I don't know yet.



* * *



A few days later, Sarkegar came to visit.

"We were given a list of organizations whose business is assassinations."

The only way to get information about the Shadowlands is through the Thieves' Guild. Sarkegar scribbled down the names of several organizations in my notebook. All of them were new to me.

"Naturally, this is not an exhaustive list of all assassination groups, and there are hidden ones, and our infiltration has confirmed that there are no assassination orders for the Zodiac's inner circle."

I couldn't help but panic when he said that.

There are a total of five organizations in the ecliptic whose business is murder for hire, and in that short amount of time, Sarkegar has already infiltrated them.

How competent is this guy, if I didn't know any better?

In fact, he even kidnapped a princess from the Yellow Castle. Just as Loyaar and Eleris excel in their abilities, Sarkegaard is bound to excel in this area.

By the way, there are five organizations in the ecliptic whose business is murder.

I feel like I'm going to die.

"You mean ...... isn't going to get an organization-wide assassination attempt?"

"Yes, degradation."

If that's the case, then it's either a direct hit from a place that was after me, or an individual trying to stab me out of spite, and this is it.......

I wish I could have seen the beast's face in the preview, but I'm already grateful that he saved me from certain death.

Now I'm on my own.

Looks like we're going to have to meet Oscar after all.......

It's dangerous to do this alone.......

"Lowly, I'm going to go back to work."

"Uh, yeah. Good job."

Sarkegar changed from his maid form to a sparrow, just as he had when he entered the room.

"Hey, wait, wait!"

He gestured to Sarkegar, who flew away.

-tweet?

Sarkegar is in a sparrow state, scratching his head as if wondering what's going on.

"I need you to go somewhere with me for a while."

-Tweet!

Sarkhegar can change into any number of non-human forms.

So, it's possible to go alone, but not alone, and meet Oscar.

A sparrow is hopping around, expressing its joy with its whole body. Is my need for her so exciting in and of itself?

When it comes to loyalty, not purpose, there's no one like him.

I didn't do anything.

I feel sorry for myself.





