Episode 251.





The decision has been made to close the Orbis class, but it will take time and process.

Students who submit a withdrawal form will be expelled from Temple for disruption, while those who do not will remain in Temple and be reassigned to another class.

It is my understanding that first years live in the General Quarters after being summoned there to protect them from retaliation by their seniors.

Seniors and juniors are all being investigated anyway, so the seniors are probably living in the Orbis class dorms.

If Oscar had dropped out, would I have to travel to Imperial Emperor to meet him? I'm pretty sure he didn't drop out, regardless of whether or not I could get in.

And he won't be punished.

because it didn't look like he'd ever touched a junior himself.

It is unlikely that the gnome, who does not directly ask for it, but indirectly expresses it, would have joined the active opposition of collective action. Even the imperial family wouldn't do that.

I walked out of the royal class dormitory like I was on some kind of covert operation.

If I tried to do anything else on my own, I'd have a bunch of kids to stop me.

Still, I have to clean up my own shit somehow.

I'm not actually going alone.

It flitted about, following me as far as I walked, keeping an eye on Sarkegar, who was perched on a branch nearby, watching me.

If it looks like it's going to get serious, Sarkegar will come in. I don't know what else to say, but it's insurance.

No matter what, it's better than dying.

Oscar killing me in the middle of the temple means his head is off, so I'm not going to try it anyway.

I only visited the Orbis class once and it was closed.

At this point, it's kind of like a cataclysmic entity, and since it's the devil, it's actually kind of right.

There's not a single one of the Orbis class guys that looks at me favorably.

Are we sure we're allowed to go to this one? I'm not sure if Oscar's the problem or if he's going to get stabbed by someone else.



* * *



The Orbis class dormitory was designated as a controlled area. The Royal Class dormitories were also off-limits, but so was this one.

But now it's a cordoned-off area, meaning there are guards at the entrance to the building 24/7. Obviously, I couldn't get in.

In the dorms, I could see people dragging trunks around.

Seniors who have withdrawn and have been told to leave the Temple because of it.

All of them had a bad look on their faces.

But strangely enough, rather than being offended, the look on his face is one of determination.

The expressions on the faces of the seniors in the Orbis class were a bit odd, as they were seriously frozen.

Sarkegar, in the form of a sparrow, watches me from nearby.

"This is a cordoned-off area."

The guard guarding the entrance told me to back off, and I pointed to the back of the dorm.

"I don't want to go in, but I'd like to see someone, I need to talk to you."

Luckily, it wasn't an inflexible situation, and the guard asked who he was here to see.

When I told him I was here to see Oscar de Gradias, he nodded and another guard led me into the dormitory.

How much time has passed.

I see a blond young man walking down the hall toward the entrance.

"What do you want me to do with ......?"

After all, he didn't drop out.



* * *



Oscar de Gradias seemed surprised to see me. Surely he had nothing to do with the assassination attempt?

He asks to talk, and just to make sure we're not completely grounded, we sit on a bench in a secluded spot near the dormitory. Sarkegar sits on a nearby tree branch and watches me.

He's just a sparrow now, but when he's in danger, he turns into a dragon.

Reassuring.

Contrary to my fears, Oscar didn't seem to have any animosity toward me. But you can never be too careful.

"Isn't it funny, you've only been in one fight, and the venerable Orbis class has been shut down."

"......That's not funny."

"Really? I'm having fun."

Oscar was just laughing his ass off. I don't know what he's thinking, but on the outside, he's just having fun.

This guy's demeanor at the disciplinary committee was weird, too.

He didn't try to defend himself, he didn't blame me, and he was briefly taken aback by Rilka Aaron's bombshell comment, but he found the whole situation amusing.

Even now, he doesn't seem to have much of a grudge against me. He hides his emotions well, and there's no reason for me to like him personally.

"Are you afraid of retaliation?"

He even knew exactly why I was here, even though I hadn't said anything.

"To be honest, yes."

"It's a silly worry. Of course, after that incident, most of Orbis's class hates you, and a lot of other people are bound to dislike you as well, but what good could come of touching you? All that's left is the fact that you hurt a classmate of the prince and princess."

Why are they so kind to tell me all this?

I thought I might be in for a fight with this guy, but the mood was getting weirder and weirder.

"Don't assume that everyone in the world is as emotional as you are."

I couldn't and didn't want to deny it because it was true.

No one touches me directly because it's too risky.

But there must have been some emotional asshole who tried to poke and prod me and Ellen!

"Well....... I don't think I have any ideas, and I don't think anyone else would touch you if they had any, except, of course, for those who would take it personally, so be careful if you run into anyone from Orvis's class on Main Street, that's all."

Oscar chuckled and patted me on the shoulder.

"So just relax, behave, and go to class."

Why is he in such a good mood, and why doesn't he have any feelings left for me. He says something and then stares at me.

"Hmmm. Nope. Go ahead."

What the hell was he thinking, Oscar could only say.

Oscar de Gradias was the first to stand up, telling me to go.

There was no sign of what I was worried about. There was nothing I could see, nothing I could understand.

I felt possessed. If I'm not mistaken, Oscar didn't really feel anything for me, and he even seemed to be grateful.

Oscar returned, and Sparrow perched on my shoulder.

"Something sucks."

-Tweet!

The sparrow chirps in response.

"So is Oscar, so is the Orbis class, so it's weird."

That's weird.

I'm not sure what's going on here.

I'm sure there are people who want to kill me for the Orbis class incident. But Oscar tries to reassure me that it won't happen.

Of course, it's entirely possible that it's a lie. Maybe it's just trying to catch me off guard and poke me.

Assassination attempts on me are not happening....... It's just a burdensome thing to do.

He's right.

They're right on the money.

But Oscar is having fun.

I found that so strange.

It's not the closing of the Orbis class that's the problem, it's something else that's going on in real time that's suspicious and disturbing.

What was that assassination attempt on me all about? Was it a vengeful individual after all?

Instead of solving the problem, it just made it more complicated.

However, Oscar is hiding something.

That's all I could feel.

"This, figure out what it is."

-Yes, degradation.

"Whoa, surprise!"

The sparrow spoke out of the blue, and I couldn't help but be startled.



* * *



There is a demon called a doppelganger. These demons are common in many myths and legends, so they are well known to humans.

Doppelgangers are very few in number and are not a native race to the Darklands, so they are more often found in the world of humans.

A type of demon that shapeshifts into the form of someone and pretends to be that person.

Doppelgangers can be portrayed as evil or just plain mischievous.

A doppelganger that takes on the appearance of someone else.

Dreadfind, a fleshy shape-shifter.

Dreadlocks are the perfect backward compatible counterpart to doppelgangers.

As a member of the Dreadfind clan, the easiest thing for Sarkegar to do is to eavesdrop on someone's conversation.

They don't get to the size of a mosquito, but they can get to the size of a cockroach. And being cockroaches, they're pretty good at hiding.

Sarkhegars do not naturally favor becoming small. Due to the durability issues of their transformed form, if they die in that state, they actually die.

Sarkegar does what he does best: eavesdrop.

Two, uncovering secrets.

Everyone has a confidante.

If you pose as one of those beings, the answer is easy to get. Of course, this is a risky approach because you'll have a memory of meeting and talking to someone you've never met.

For now, Sarkegaard uses the first method, which is the easiest.

Sarkhegar can infiltrate temples that are surrounded by numerous bonds. This makes it easy to infiltrate the Orbis class dormitories, where guards stand at the entrance.

Gaps in doors, inside closets, under furniture.

There are many places to hide and many ways to infiltrate.

Sarkegar entered the dormitory in the form of a bird and followed Oscar de Gradias. When he opened the door to his private room, he transformed into a tiny wheel and flew through the doorway, ducking into a crack behind a closet.

Eavesdropping with magic or Familiars can be broken and prevented, but Sarkhegar is alive and well.

When you become a cockroach, you really become a cockroach. You're just a cockroach with the soul and intellect of a Dreadfind.

The polymorph equivalent of a polymorph is the ability to transform.

The only thing that can stop Sarkegar in this state is insecticide, not anti-eavesdropping magic.

The only places Sarkegar hasn't been able to get into are a few palaces in the imperial city of Emperatos, where security and chains have been tightened since the kidnapping. There are places where not even a bug can get close.

One of them was the Imperial Palace, where Charlotte de Gradias was staying.

Luckily, the Orbis Class dorms, with their excellent hygiene, didn't have a bug problem, so I didn't find myself spraying insecticide everywhere.

There's no reason to worry about not having one.

So Sarkozy stayed put in Oscar de Gradias's private room.

I've canceled all my errands as Count Argon Ponteus, so there's nothing to keep me busy. My lord needs me first.

Cockroach Mode Sarkegar scales the wall and looks down on Oscar's private room from the top of the closet.

A few trunks that look like they're packed. Oscar hasn't withdrawn, so if he's moved to a different class, he's probably packing to go there.

It's a room that's ready to go, but there's nothing special in it. It looks like you've already packed up your books and everything else.

Oscar was sitting at his desk. You can't see his expression because he's looking down from above.

I'm not writing or doing anything.

He just crosses his arms and seems to be thinking about something.

For a while.

There's no reason to talk to yourself, so just sit still.

Sarkegaard moves to a position where he can see Oscar's expression. If the cockroach comes out, he's going to make a mess, so be careful not to get spotted.

Oscar's unseen expression was a smile.

Oscar smiled and seemed to think about what was so funny, over and over again.

-Smart

A sudden knock on the door.

Oscar gets up and opens the door.

"Oscar, your letter has arrived."

"Yes. Thank you."

A letter addressed to you.

Oscar unfolds the letter and reads it. Sarkegaard switches positions once again, strengthening his eyesight to read the contents of the distant letter together.



[This is in response to your last question about the theory of magic algebras.

I've looked into the theory, and it does work, but I suspect there are some prerequisites to properly theorize it].



Sarkozy was full of stories of incomprehensible expertise. Was he writing to a research institution somewhere with a question about his specialty or a new theory?

Sarkeghar skims the contents of the letter in silence.

The letter is full of incomprehensible jargon, but Sarkozy realizes that it doesn't matter what it says.

There's something about a letter full of academic jargon that gives me that look.

The content of the letter probably doesn't bring much scholarly joy.

Oscar's expression is one of jubilation. Sarkozy is convinced by Oscar's reaction, which does not match the content of the letter.

Although the details are unknown.

That's a cipher letter.

Oscar is exchanging cryptic correspondence with someone.

I realized I was reading something completely different from what it said at face value.

That alone was enough of a harvest.

This time, Sarkeghar sees an envelope, not a letter.



[Outgoing - Imperial Second Magickal Research Institute].



You have a specific place to go next.

Infiltration and information gathering.

Sarkegaard specializes in that more than anyone else.



* * *



Once Sarkegaard figured it out, he passed it on to me first.

"You appear to be exchanging encrypted correspondence with someone......."

"Yes degradation."

It wasn't just a feeling, Oscar was actually feeling good. The encrypted letters, the students dropping out, the closing of Orvis's class.

That makes a lot of guesswork possible. But at this point, they're all guesses, and we can't be sure of anything.

Is Oscar really not behind my assassination?

I was becoming increasingly convinced that a mass assassination attempt was not going to happen.

I feel like what's going on with Oscar is completely separate and unrelated to me.

I'll have to look into that, but right now I'm more concerned with who's trying to kill me.

The most likely suspects were the patrons and seniors of the Orbis class, the powers that be, and Oscar de Gradias. But I have a feeling, and I have a feeling that it's not you.

I smell an organization there. I don't know what kind of organization, but they have taken organized action, a collective boycott.

It's clear that the Orbis class is organized, and their interests are not mine.

So what was the scribe trying to tell us?

I took a risk and met with Oscar, and while I don't have any solid information, I've gotten the scoop that he doesn't care about me at all.

If so, it goes down to the next highest priority.

Clear a bunch of dragons out of your head.

I've got a feeling about this one.

If the Orbis class is organized, he can never be organized.

If he was there, he was sure it was a front.

Of all the guys who would have a personal grudge against me, the one who might actually try to kill me.

However, we don't yet know if it's him or not.

He was going to do something about it later, so I already knew his identity.

He's a character, but he's a one-off villain, and I have a laughable memory of forgetting his name and then remembering it again while flipping through the instructor roster.

"There's a guy named Aaron Medeiros who teaches at Temple."

"Yes."

Alchemist and one of the Temple's dedicated alchemy teachers.

He is not a member of the Orbis class.

"Look into him. Report back as soon as you find anything."

The one who gave Ender Wilton a black magic enhancement.

"Yes, degradation."

A wizard who is actually a member of a magical order called the Black order.

He's probably very resentful that his lab, Orbis Class, has been shut down.

It's entirely possible that it's not him.

If not, move on to the next highest suspect.

Because I have Sarkegar.

Sarkegaard didn't ask how they identified him.

It just does what it's told.

Loyalty.

So good.......



* * *



That night.

Inside the Yellow Star Emperatos.

The Palace of Spring, the Empress's bedchamber.

The imperial family has been in a state of emergency for some time.

Few knew the details of the situation, but those who did knew that the mood in the imperial court was uneasy.

It's not a problem with the Orbis class.

Even though the Temple is one of the Empire's most important businesses, it is, after all, a business.

The imperial family was now plagued by internal problems.

Some may have rejoiced in this anxiety, but in the grand scheme of things, the imperial family could not afford to be concerned with external affairs right now.

"Your Majesty, you must now go to bed."

At Dyrus' words, Charlotte smiled bitterly from her rocking chair.

"......I know it's pointless, but I can't sleep."

At his side was not only Dyrus, but also Xaviorin Tana, the leader of the Imperial First Knights of Shanapelle.

"You might get better if you keep your stamina up."

Despite Savior Tana's words, Charlotte remained still in the rocking chair, rocking.

Late at night.

There was no one else in the palace that housed the queen's bedchamber but the two of them. In the deserted Palace of Spring, Charlotte sat dazedly in her rocking chair.

"The reward, what happened?"

"You might as well not bother with that......."

"Reward."

Charlotte looks at Saviolin Tana.

"How did it go?"

"We've taken steps to ensure that ...... is not disturbing."

"I don't feel bad......."

Charlotte covers her face with both hands, mumbling incoherently.

"How much money is enough to make you not feel bad for the life of someone you wouldn't trade for anything, and is it even worth it in the first place......."

"Your Highness......."

At Dyrus's words, Charlotte uncovered her face with both hands.

The Empress's right pupil had turned pitch-black.

"That's funny, I killed him and you're saying that."

At Charlotte's melancholy tone, Dyrus shook his head resolutely.

"Your Highness did not kill him."

"If I didn't do it, then what did I do? With my own hands, with my own abilities, I killed a maid who had worked in my palace for many years, and if it wasn't me, then who did it?"

This time, it was Saviolin Tana.

"You're unconscious, you've just been knocked unconscious for a moment by something, and that's why you don't even remember what happened, so it can't have been you, and you'll get better soon."

Charlotte's expression didn't improve at Saviolin Tana's worried and hopeful outlook.

It gets better.

How can we trust that things will get better when they're only getting worse?

Now, every now and then, consciousness is stolen by an unidentified entity.

"I am here by edict, Your Majesty, just in case, and nothing will happen to me now."

Saviolin Tana's stay at the Palace of Spring was ordered by the Emperor.

Concentrating, Charlotte slowly pushed back the force that had taken over her right eye.

Now even this isn't working. Tana comforts her, and Charlotte looks at her.

"Lord Tana, you don't have to tell me anything too obvious."

"......."

"You're here to deal with me, just in case."

"Sire, that will never happen, not even as long as I take my own life!"

Charlotte smiled sadly as she watched Saviolin Tana's complexion turn white.

"I don't say this to chastise you, Lord Tana."

Charlotte closes her eyes and murmurs to herself.

"I'm just trying to ask you, when the time comes, not to hesitate."

"......."

"Can you promise me that you won't hesitate?"

After a moment of silence, Saviolin Tana answered.

"I can't promise you that, ever."

"......."

Charlotte was leaning back in her rocking chair with a sad smile on her face.

The sleepwalking that started at the end of our second semester group mission.

Standing barefoot in the hallway of the mansion in the middle of the night, Charlotte thought she was dreaming.

It wasn't until he saw Reinhardt's face that he realized it wasn't a dream and that he had moved in his sleep.

Charlotte hoped it was sleepwalking, but by the time she decided not to stay in the dorm anymore, she knew it wasn't.

Even though I knew it wasn't. I vaguely wanted to believe it.

But now I know it's not that simple.

The things that happened to him made him realize that what was happening to him wasn't just a disease.

Still, as long as I didn't fall asleep, I was fine.

I couldn't be conscious of anything without falling asleep.

But now, even if I didn't fall asleep, my body was being taken over at some point.

Every time she thought the end was near, Charlotte's eyes would flicker to someone's face.

The two.

Charlotte was sad that she couldn't tell them both.

"I'm afraid of the night."

Charlotte could only mumble, helplessly.





