Episode 252.





Someone is trying to kill Reinhardt.

Ellen still didn't believe it. But she also didn't think it was mindless paranoia. She'd done enough to earn Reinhardt's grudge here and there, and this whole Orbis Class thing had made it even worse.

Reinhardt was definitely weird back then.

He suddenly broke out in a cold sweat and became wary of his surroundings.

Then she returned to the temple, tense as if she had never left his arms.

Obviously, she didn't feel anything. Ellen knows her senses are highly developed. She could sense Loyar's murderous intent.

Reinhardt felt a killing intent that he did not.

It seems unlikely, but Reinhardt is convinced.

So he's been having a hard time lately. I could tell he was nervous.

For the sake of staying fit, I try to keep my training moderate, and only take a few steps back.

You can take care of yourself.

Reinhardt wants to help.

I don't see that it's already helping enough.

Reinhardt is dangerous.

I want to do something about it.

I want to reassure him that there is no such thing as an assassin and put Reinhardt back in his place.

If I had an assassin, I'd do something about it with my own hands.

Weekend.

Ellen had told Reinhardt not to do anything dangerous, and was outside the temple.

This would be dangerous if it were Reinhardt, but it's Ellen, so she's not doing anything too risky.

Ellen is already a superhuman, far above the ordinary. She can slice through dozens of clumsy assassins.

However.

You don't know what to do, and you don't know where to start.

I wanted to ease Reinhardt's anxiety somehow.

I want to reassure you that there is no such thing as an assassin.

So Ellen walked out of the temple.

Ellen believes there are no assassins. Better that there aren't. It's better for Reinhardt's sake that he's neurotic.

But now Ellen has gone outside the temple to find the assassin.

Not knowing what to do, Ellen is now convinced that there is an assassin, or a group of assassins, trying to kill her.

Someone wants Reinhardt dead.

It's a little creepy, but I can't help but think about it.

How do I kill Reinhardt?

The condition is two.

Is the person inside the temple. Is the person outside the temple?

For now, you're right to think of it as external.

Reinhardt wasn't behaving as strangely inside the temple as he had last time.

If so, it's more likely to be outside the temple.

Though he didn't feel it, Reinhardt felt alive then. Assuming the assassin was there, why didn't he strike?

He would execute the assassination under optimal circumstances, and this was the perfect time. Ellen was exhausted and Reinhardt was carrying her.

But Reinhardt noticed.

This suggests that the assassin is a cautious person.

An unwitnessed assassination in a deserted area. As soon as he was surrounded by a crowd, the assassin disappeared.

The optimal conditions for assassinating Reinhardt do not exist after that day. Reinhardt hasn't left the Temple.

Is this not possible inside a temple?

Standing at the entrance to the temple, Ellen looks around.

"......."

If you don't have a pass, you won't even get past the checkpoint inside the temple. It's a system similar to entering a station on a maglev train, but much more rigorous.

Convinced that there is an assassin, Ellen tries to follow the footsteps.

Ellen didn't hesitate to enter the Temple's access control.

"This is Ellen, number A-2, first year Royal Class."

Ellen walks into the administration office and shows her student ID. Even though she's wearing her school uniform, she doesn't want to raise any unnecessary suspicions.

"Oh, what's going on?"

"Can someone who is not authorized to enter the temple enter the temple?"

"......?"

The custodial staff shook their heads at the question from the out-of-the-blue Royal Class student.

"Of course not, right?"

"Never?"

"Why is that, are you worried about the security of the temple?"

"I'm just curious."

There's no reason for me to answer a student who comes to me and asks me this, but he's a Royal Class student.

The employee kindly pointed to the temple entrance gate, albeit with a bit of embarrassment.

"You seem to be worried that they might try to climb over the fence or something, but that's not going to happen. First of all, the fence is high enough that a normal person can't jump over it, and there's a barrier circle on top of it. If you try, you'll set off alarms, and then you'll be hit with a stun-type automatic defense spell that will immobilize you until help arrives. Likewise, I'm not dropping any birds, but the Temple's defenses are dome-shaped and impossible to penetrate from the air, though technically they can detect flying objects and deal with them if necessary."

"What about fake IDs?"

"Impossible. They're magically treated, so each one is unique."

"Couldn't I use someone else's credentials?"

"Hmmm....... I see what you're worried about."

A student who drops by unannounced and asks about security issues at the temple.

We don't know why, but it seems very serious.

"If you steal a pass and use a disguise or camouflage spell, we won't recognize you, but the moment you walk through the gate, we'll check you with Dispel. Your disguise will be unraveled then, and we'll be checking you with a biosignal analyzer the whole time, so you'll still be detected if you disguise yourself in any other way."

"There's more than just faculty and students at Temple, isn't there?"

"Hmm. Not everyone can be considered safe, but the same standards are applied when selecting employees to work within the Temple or those who open stores within the Temple as when selecting those who work for the Imperial Household. Of course, problems will inevitably arise, but the safety of our students is our top priority in this matter."

Temples have very few holes.

Ellen confirms it.

When I say rarely, I mean there are. Checking for camouflage magic with Dispel means that if the person is wearing a camouflage cloth over their face, you won't recognize them.

A biosignal analyzer might be able to identify it, but magic tools are not foolproof. Ellen knows that someone who is very skilled with a machete can disrupt it.

You can also buy someone from the staff and students. You can also buy someone from among the many people in the temple.

It is not impossible for an outside organization to assassinate Reinhardt from within the Temple.

Absolute safety guarantees are inherently impossible in temples, which are overcrowded places.

That's more of an inevitability than a failure of the temple.

"Yes, thank you."

With that, Ellen walked out of the gate.

Ellen realizes that while the Temple is safe compared to other places in the ecliptic, it is not absolutely safe.

Ellen doesn't have the immense power of her classmates, and all she has is strength and brains.

Thoughts and actions, that's all she can do.

Imagine you're the leader of an assassin organization, and you've been hired to kill a Temple student.

I had one chance, but my opponent saw it coming.

The target of the detected assassination threat is not leaving the temple.

If so, there are two ways to do it.

You must either assassinate your opponent inside the temple or wait for them to leave the temple.

To assassinate someone inside a temple, you'll need someone with a temple pass, and you can bribe them or somehow steal their pass, then disguise yourself as them and enter the temple.

In this case, there is the issue of having to pass a biosignal analyzer, which is difficult but not impossible.

Of course, getting inside the temple isn't the end of the story. You'll also need to infiltrate the royal class dormitories.

Royal class dormitories are not guarded, but there are teachers on duty. It's not impossible, but it does put everyone on alert when a stranger suddenly shows up.

Royal Class is for the elite.

Infiltrating and assassinating every single student in a place where they might have some sort of power is a bit of a stretch. The chances of getting away with it are very slim.

While it's not impossible to get into the Temple, it's very difficult to get out safely after killing Reinhardt there.

They want to assassinate Reinhardt without being found out.

If you can't assassinate in a temple, you're left with only one option.

Waiting for Reinhardt to come out of the temple.

"......."

If there are assassins, Ellen realizes one thing that should be obvious.

The entrance to the temple is currently under constant watch by assassins.

You never know when Reinhardt is going to show up, and you want to take advantage of that.

For them, perseverance is easier than eating.

Standing in odokani at the entrance to the temple, where faculty and students come and go, Ellen looks around.

Somewhere out there, the assassin's eyes are on Reinhardt.

And if it's true that an assassination attempt was about to take place then.

The assassin's eyes would have already caught sight of him on Reinhardt's back.

If so. your information is probably already being shared among assassins.

In the name of Reinhardt's friend.

Soon.

If the assassin is here.

He must be looking at himself right now.

Surely Ellen had read the life in Loyar's eyes when he tried to kill her. It wasn't in the expression, the momentum, or anything else.

It just felt instinctive.

Like an animal instinct, like you were born to feel things like that.

Read the animosity toward me.

Read the murderous intent toward Reinhardt.

It's a different world from magickal sensitivity.

Ellen tries to feel. Who is watching her, is there really an assassin in this room?

I wonder if this is how Reinhardt felt when he tried to enchant.

I feel nothing. Reading life is instinctive, but I don't know how to actively feel it.

I don't know.

That sense of not knowing what to do.

That moment when I wondered if I had gone too far, because I felt like I knew how Reinhardt felt.

"......."

Ellen feels.

A gaze that is not directed at you.

It was the first time Ellen had ever been surprised by her own voice.

I can't believe this is possible.

I wouldn't call it murderous, but I do feel like I'm being watched.

I wondered, how far can I go?

Why in the world would they do this?

Ellen walks somewhere, afraid of herself, but also feeling eyes on her without looking.

There is only one "eye" that feels right.

Ellen walks somewhere.

The watcher is not on the sidewalk, but in a nearby cafe. You're not looking, but you're being looked at.

Ellen didn't look at him, either, but she 'eyed' him and moved away from the temple entrance.

"Reinhardt.

As expected, when Ellen moves, the observer moves with her.

"I'm sorry I didn't believe you.

I'm afraid that I was born something other than human.

"Still, I'll protect you.

I would do anything for Reinhardt.

Whatever you were born as, you will become anything. I can be more than a monster.

Ellen thinks so.

When I heard Reinhardt say that you can die for yourself.

If only I could feel that feeling again, like I had the world at my feet.

That you can be a monster and endure anything.

Ellen believes so.

An alley in the Eredian District.

The wait wasn't long.

-Bang!

"Boom!"

Ellen held her breath as the Watcher followed her into the alley, and then promptly pounced on him from behind.

Her eyes are as still as Ellen's lake.

But the behavior was never calm.

"Kook! Kook!"

Ellen held the fallen Watcher's mouth open and shoved a rag that had been rolling around on the floor to stop him from blabbering.

"Oof! Oof!"

Ellen's calm eyes look down at him.

"Who you are."

"Who made you do it."

"Why."

Ellen looks at him with an eerie expression.

"Say these three words and I'll let you live."

"Boom!"

"Nod your head if you understand."

Ellen's face was expressionless, but there was murder in her eyes now.

But Ellen's eyes widened at the bizarre phenomenon unfolding before her.

-Pooh-pooh!

An eerily thick line of blood begins to emerge from the man's face.

-Puck! Billion!

"!"

The vein burst, splattering with blood. Ellen immediately activated her magical enhancement to shield herself from the blood, but the damage was done.

"Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo!"

-Puddle! Quack!

Suddenly, the man's veins bulged and his eyes rolled back in his head.

Before your eyes, a man flips over and dies.

Ellen stared blankly at the dead body.

-Push! Push!

Then, something comes out of the corpse's swollen veins.

'worm......?'

Grotesque, black, wormlike insects crawled out of the man's veins, crumbling to dust and disappearing.

I don't know.

Not sure.

The dead man's blood had long since dried up.

Even the wound where the worm-like insect had pierced him had healed. The man was suddenly like a dead body.

Ellen couldn't understand what was happening in front of her, but she knew what was coming.

As it is, you'll be mistaken for killing it.

Ellen looks down at the body of the man who died so suddenly and contemplates.

Should I go to security? If I explain that I'm a Temple student, I'm likely to be investigated and released.

But time.

It's going to take time.

I don't know much about magic, but I'm pretty sure it has something to do with it.

With the body in front of her, Ellen contemplates.

The dead man appears to have been controlled by a bug.

Is this magic?

Can the temple detect this magic?

Can someone being controlled by a bug enter a temple?

Probably not.

Otherwise, the worms would already be in the temple, trying to kill Reinhardt.

Someone controlling people with a bug is behind the assassination. However, those who are controlled by these bugs are not allowed to enter the temple.

The inside of the temple is still safe.

Ellen knew there was an assassin, and she had one very big clue.

And now you have to make a choice.

If so, you will have to spend countless hours trying to figure out why this person died and deny the charges against you.

Days.

Be prepared to be interrogated for days. It's a murder case.

Those few days are precious time.

Ellen looks down at the dead man.

In an alleyway, with no witnesses.

You didn't kill it.

The person was being manipulated and is most likely innocent by nature.

"I'm sorry.

Your bitterness.

I can't take responsibility for you right now, but I'm going to find out who did this to you, Ellen vowed to herself as she rose from her seat.

For now, we need to get to Reinhardt.

You need to make sure you're okay.

As Ellen ran toward the temple with the body out of sight, guilt rose in her heart.



* * *



"Reinhardt!"

"Uh, why."

Reinhardt was practicing with Klippmann in the Royal Class dormitory, on the practice range.

I was a little nervous, as if something was going on, but nothing happened.

"What are you doing, why are you sweating like this, where have you been?"

"Huh? Ah....... No. Just."

There was a real person trying to kill you.

I don't know what it was, but the guy died of his own accord.

I left that dead body alone, and I ran here because I was worried about you.

Ellen started to say that, but then stopped.

If you tell him, he'll try to do something on his own again. If he gets a clue, he'll definitely try to do something dangerous on his own.

He's that kind of guy. He's going to put himself in danger again.

"Want to train?"

Reinhardt tries to hand you his training sword.

Normally I would have accepted, but not this time.

Not as much as today.

Reinhardt knows nothing.

But she knows she's in danger. So he doesn't venture outside the temple.

"No, I have work to do today."

It's better to be safe, to know nothing. Leaving the rehearsal hall, Ellen walks down the hall.

I will find it.

Make sure you find it.

'Find and.......'

My head was spinning.

"I'm going to kill you.

Ellen flies into a rage.





