Episode 253.





Ellen doesn't know much about magic beyond basic common sense.

But I'm not convinced that the bugs that control people are magical.

If it's a normal creature, there's no way the person it's planted on can't enter the temple.

The clue is magic.

So Ellen went to see Herriot.

It's the weekend.

Herriot is pursuing his research in a new club called the Magical Research Society.

So Ellen went to the Hufflepuff house.

Herriot was intrigued by Ellen's visit, but followed her outside anyway.

"What's going on?"

Herriot was curious that Ellen had come to a place she had no reason to be, but he was even more curious about her purpose.

"A bug that can host and control humans?"

"Yeah, is there such a thing?"

"Is there a ......?"

Herriot shook his head.

"Why do you want to know that?"

Ellen wondered if she should tell Harriet this story.

It would be foolish not to enlist the help of a magic student.

But I just can't bring myself to say it.

If you tell the truth, you're telling Reinhardt that you're about to do something dangerous.

Herriot would definitely discourage that.

Even if you are convinced. I can't do anything dangerous with Harriet. You can risk your own life, but you can't risk your friend's life.

"I can't tell you why, I'm sorry, but it's important."

Ellen is a flimsy liar, so let's just be honest.

"Can you find out?"

"......."

Herriot stares at Ellen.

What matters.

It's Reinhardt's job, Harriet can guess. If it's not Reinhardt's job to make Ellen look like that, I don't know what is.

I don't know Reinhardt's work.

I've been having a bad day lately, and I wonder if it has something to do with it.

Herriot feels defeated again by Ellen.

"Yeah, I'll look into it."

Nevertheless, Herriot nodded.



* * *



Ellen didn't enter the Magical Research Society mansion.

I said it was okay to come in, but Ellen said she would wait outside.

Herriot doesn't know much about manipulative bugs or the magic that goes with them. She has some knowledge of magic, but nothing of the sort.

A parasite that can manipulate and even kill people would be of the black magic variety, and a good wizard would not be interested in such things.

Of course, that doesn't mean that Anna de Guerna, a black magic major, is an undesirable sorceress.

The magic is always in the application.

While Pain-type curses that cause horrific pain are banned, a fireball dropped in the middle of a crowded plaza is even worse.

Herriot knows nothing about the supposedly black magic, so he returns to the Magic Institute to find Anna.

Herriot says Anna is a bit of a prude.

It's not because of a slightly sullen tone or tone of voice.

Every time I look at Reinhardt, I feel a little weird.

Stare at it with a sticky feeling.

I have no idea why, but it's weird.

It's a bit risky, I keep thinking.

It's not that she's a black magic major, it's just that she's dangerous. Reinhardt can sense that Anna's constant stares are making her feel uncomfortable.

So Harriet is a little leery of Anna.

Still, it was Ellen's request, so Harriet found Anna.

Anna hasn't been told what to do by Reinhard.

He can usually be found helping his classmate Christina with her research, or learning from Louis Ankton how to better cast spells and manipulate magic.

"Bugs that control people?"

"Hmm. Is there such a thing? I'm guessing it's a Parasite type of magic."

"Hmmm......."

Anna tilts her head, her eyes cloudy and troubled.

Left, then right, then left again, then right again.

After a long pause, Anna opens her pale complexion and freakishly red lips to speak.

"Like most black magic, ....... parasites were also forbidden."

"You mean not now?"

"For specific purposes only."

"For what?"

"Parasite is....... It is magic that causes disease or plague through parasitic infection."

"Ah....... Yeah. I know."

Anna points to Herriot.

To be precise, the chest girth.

"Uh, uh....... Why......?"

What is this? Why is he doing this?

Are we comparing now?

Anna says what she has to say, even when Herriot tries to interrupt.

"It means that the parasite that carries the disease can be used to eliminate the disease, or rather....... For example, if you have a parasite in your body, you can eat it and....... in the form of fecal matter......."

"......a."

Was that what you meant?

Herriot still found the language a bit overwhelming.

"You can't manipulate people and do that?"

"I don't know....... Because there are so many different kinds of magic....... But, I don't know....... Mind control is a very high level of magic, even in the mental realm............. If that's the kind of magic a bug can do,......."

"......No, that doesn't make sense."

Mind-based magic is difficult in itself, but the difficulty level goes up endlessly when you start interfering directly with the mind itself, from simple spells like hallucinations.

The only spells that are comparable to mind control, which is the ultimate in mind-based magic, are mass teleportation in the spatial class and firestorm in the destructive class. This is not to say that a mage who can use mind control can't also use mass teleport and firestorm, as they are different classes.

Worms replace magic that you can only use if you're an Archmage?

It doesn't make sense.

Why would Ellen ask such an important question?

"What are you talking about?"

As Harriet and Anna were talking, Christina, who was working on something in the lab, approached with her goggles on.

Synthesizing reagents and materials for Moonshine would have been a head-scratcher, if not an eye-opener.

I left the lab to catch my breath.

"Harriet asked....... asked me if there was a black magic that made bugs that could control people, so I went to......."

"Bugs that control people?"

She is curious and energetic.

His eyes lit up as he realized he had come up with something interesting.

"Why is that?"

"Hmm, I've heard there's such a thing. I'm wondering what kind of magic, if any, it is, and if it's black magic, but I don't think it is."

"Ugh....... Bugs controlling people. That's horrible."

Christina shuddered. But only for a moment, as she took off her goggles, wiped the sweat from her face, and looked up as if she'd remembered something.

"That's right!"

"Do you get it?"

"Is it like a soft poem?"

"Yan Gashi......? What is that?"

Herriot had never heard the word before. There's no reason for a pampered princess to be exposed to such things, and while there are insects in the temple, they're not the kind of monstrosities that Herriot, who freaks out at the sight of grasshoppers, only occasionally sees.

"That's....... what?"

Anna, from Gerna, a city known for producing wizards of equal, if not greater, caliber than Herriot's, was no stranger to ode poetry.

"Well, it's a parasite that lives in the guts of insects. It goes in as an egg, grows inside, and when it's an adult, it maneuvers the insect to the water's edge, drowns it, then rips open its stomach and crawls out. It looks like a thread, and it's really long."

"!"

"......!"

Herriot and Anna are stunned by the naked description, surprised by Christina who laughs at it, and appalled that such a vicious creature exists.

"If you're not sure, do you want me to draw you a picture?"

"Oh, no, it's okay!"

"......I want to throw up......."

Aside from being horrified, they both seemed surprised that life, the very essence of such evil, could exist.

"So, it's not like a kite that controls people, is it?"

"Is there such a thing as a bug?!"

"......where is that?"

Harriet was surprised, but Anna looked at Christina with interest, having just said she wanted to throw up.

If you have such a thing, you probably want to use it somewhere.

Herriot began to worry about Reinhardt.

I don't know what's going on now, but I'm sure something will happen later!

"There is no such thing, not that I know of."

"Phew. That's good."

"......Oops."

Herriot tries to ignore the small voice, which is almost inaudible. Christina looks at her.

"But that's not all we know, because what if there really is such a thing and we just don't know about it?"

"Do you think that's a real possibility?"

"If you don't have it, you can make it."

At Christina's dangerous words, a thought flashed through Harriet's mind.

If you don't have it, you make it. Herriot doesn't have a specific specialization in magic. Christina, however, specializes in alchemy.

Alchemy majors think alchemically.

If it doesn't exist, create it.

There is definitely such a concept in alchemy.

"Are you talking about Chimera or Homunculus?"

"It's a forbidden magic that's immediately punishable by death if it's discovered that you've both been experimenting with it, but you know that, right?"

Christina smiles brightly.

"The percentage of crazy mages is higher for alchemists than warlocks."

Herriot knows.

Warlocks are socially shunned, but that's just the way the world looks at them.

In a society of wizards, it's more alchemists who are hunted down and purged for doing really crazy things.

In reality, there are no publicly known warlocks and alchemists.

Because everyone who majored in both is already dead. Doing crazy things.

"It could be a chimera created to enhance the function of something like a kite so it could dominate humans, or it could be a homunculus created from nothing to do just that."

Chimeras are created by synthesizing existing creatures.

Homunculus is not a creature weaver, it creates creatures from noncreatures.

It's not like a golem.

Golems are just machines, just as a horse-drawn train is not a living thing.

The homunculus is life.

Bugs controlling humans can be the result of one of two things.

"Is it possible to make something like that?"

"I don't know if it's possible or not, but we can think about it, right?"

Alchemists are explorers of possibility. They are not the same as most mages.

"And alchemy has a recipe and you just follow it, so as long as you don't have to use mana to make it, a normal person can make it."

"That's right....... No way......!"

Herriot's eyes widened as he listened to Christina and realized a possibility.

"You don't have to be an archmage to make a homunculus or chimera recipe from an archmage, as long as the details are satisfactory."

She was laughing, but it was eerie.

"Of course, I don't know if such a thing really exists or not. But, you know, it can't be! It can't exist! I mean, it's not the same thing. I don't know if there are any absolutes in the world."

Herriot realized that Christina was right.

There are already natural, non-magical life forms that control things at the insect level. It's not impossible.

Magic makes the impossible possible.

Making what's already possible even more possible is the easy part of the magic.

"Hmm? Come to think of it, do I have a recipe? A recipe? Something I can make?"

Herriot was convinced.

Anna is a big deal, but he's a serious asshole, and I don't think he is either.

"Can we....... ?"

"Please, guys......."

Herriot was genuinely worried about the B kids.

'Reinhard....... Be careful.......'

Whatever happened this time, Herriot vowed to protect Reinhardt from the shenanigans of this magical society.



* * *



Herriot exited the mansion and approached Ellen, who had been waiting outside for some time.

"I don't know if it actually exists or not, but I think it's more likely to be alchemy than black magic."

After hearing the details of what was said, Ellen nodded in agreement.

"Thanks, Harriet."

"What's going on....... you're not going to tell me?"

Ellen lowered her eyes at Herriot's words.

"It's Reinhardt, right......?"

"......."

Ellen can't answer.

That alone should answer the question.

"You know me....... Really, really....... sometimes."

Harriet says, struggling, looking at Ellen, who can't even look at her.

"I think you're really, really mean......."

Herriot couldn't see the expression on Ellen's face as she kept her head down.

But I think I know his expression without seeing it.

It's a pathetic look.

I said to my friend, I'm finally saying this.

"......I'm sorry."

"No, I'm sorry, I said something stupid."

Herriot stole a glance. There were no tears, but she did it anyway.

"Well, give me something else. I can't tell you this, so tell me something else."

"......what?"

"Who is it?"

At that, Ellen's head snapped up.

With reddened eyes, Harriet asks what she's been wondering all along, but hasn't asked out of respect for Ellen.

"Who are you?"

"......."

Ellen could tell by the look on his face how long he'd been wondering about this.

Ellen is no ordinary person.

She knows she can't be normal. She just hasn't asked until now because she doesn't think he'll answer.

"Ellen."

"That one......."

"Ellen Artorius."

"......!"

The words froze Herriot in place.

Ellen didn't explain anything further.

The last name Artorius says it all.

It's not like they just happen to have the same last name.

Herriot felt like a million questions were answered once and for all.

Why it's so strong.

Why he's so determined.

Why.

You don't hesitate to do risky things.

Herriot knew all about it.

"Reinhardt is....... Do you know?"

"......Yes."

I see.

Secrets you're only now telling me, secrets no one else in the Temple knows.

The two have a long history of sharing.

"......I thought there was at least one thing I could do better than you."

Herriot laughs a little. With a sense of desolation and self-pity.

Background.

I didn't want to hang on to that old thing.

But the truth is, she's behind. So Herriot laughs at himself.

She doesn't hate Ellen, she despises herself.

"Sorry......."

"Don't say you're sorry."

The corner of her mouth quirks up as she looks at Ellen, who ducks her head again.

I wanted to cry, but the tears wouldn't come.

I couldn't even cry.

"It makes me....... How miserable it makes me....... You don't know......."

If someone who is always walking a few steps ahead of you apologizes for getting ahead of you, do you know how painful it is to hear yourself say that?

Ellen finally realizes what it must be like for Harriet to hear her apology.

"......."

Ellen pushes down on the apple that is about to come out again and swallows it.

I wonder if my apology came from a place of superiority.

Ellen sees a bad part of herself in her apology. She thinks she didn't, but did she?

Did he really have no sense of superiority over Herriot de Saint-Hilaire?

Even now, he says he doesn't want to put her in danger, but his insistence on taking over Reinhardt's job is hurting her.

Whether it's right for you to judge Herriot's choices.

I tried not to say it.

But Herriot's words forced Ellen to speak up.

If your behavior is a petty sense of superiority.

You have to throw it away.

"There's someone trying to kill Reinhardt."

"......?"

Looking at Herriot, who is flustered, Ellen calms down and looks at Herriot properly.

"I'm going to kill him."

Unless you choose to hide it, Ellen doesn't choose her expression.

"Do you want to come with me?"

Herriot froze at the suddenness of Ellen's words.

But as blunt as Ellen's words were, they were all true.

The weight of those words is not light.

"Yeah. I'll be there."

Herriot's worries didn't last long, however.

It was a short decision, but not one I made lightly.





