Episode 256





Aaron Mede was primarily surprised by the ease with which Herriot blocked his surprise offensive spell.

But the real shock came from the sword Ellen suddenly summoned.

"......?"

How is a student subject holding a holy relic of God? Aaron Mede watches in horror as one unbelievable thing after another happens.

Herriot looks at him with his force field unfurled.

"There's no way I'm already using an anti-magic field or something."

He looked like he'd been hit in the head with a hammer.

I fell for the kid's trick. No student would use such magic.

I overestimated Herriot and got nervous about the ridiculous threats, so I took matters into my own hands.

It had already happened. Aaron Mede was unmasked.

"Yeah, I don't know what you guys found me based on, but I don't think you realize you made a mistake yet."

Annuities are some of the easiest magic to steal. It can even be stolen and used by those who don't have access to magic.

That's why mages' private workshops are so secure. High-risk facilities known as dungeons are also the work of paranoid archmages.

If you want to protect something that's easy to steal, you need to make sure it's secure.

"What happens when you trespass in the 'Alchemist's House'. I'll show you."

The alchemist's workshop is the most heavily defended of all the mage's workshops.

-Bam!

"!"

"This is......!"

In a flash, Aaron Mede's body slipped behind the wall, and the door through which Ellen and Harriet had entered disappeared.

The windows were all blocked by an opaque protective crystal.

-Crack! Crack!

Numerous magical crossbows summoned from thin air were pointed at them, and violet smoke drifted from the blue magic stones embedded throughout.

Physical attacks.

Poison Fog.

Changes in the room itself.

The Alchemist's House is a dungeon, and walking into it is suicide.

Herriot laughs.

The mystery has been revealed. So there's no need to hold back now.

"I mean, you said I can't use it, not that you don't have something I can use?"

Herriot pulls the scrollbook out of her arms. At her gesture, the pages automatically open, and the scroll that slipped out of it begins to glow.

Herriot is a wizard.

Before that, it's fabulously rich.

-Flash!

Anti-magic, Anti magic field scroll triggered.



* * *



Before Harriet and Ellen enter Aaron Mede's mansion.

"I think it's over there."

"I guess so."

Ellen pointed to a mansion in the distance.

Aaron Mede's mansion was on the outskirts of the ecliptic. It wasn't quite a no-man's land with no buildings, but it was a mansion in a place where people were rarely seen.

It was a mansion that wasn't all that fancy, but it wasn't all that unassuming either.

Someone that Mr. Mustang recommended because he's an alchemist and pretty good at it, if not an introduction.

Mr. Mustang had only mentioned Aaron Mede out of academic curiosity, not because he knew there was a homunculus that actually ruled over people.

The Temple's alchemist is the one to go to in such situations.

Both Ellen and Harriet had the idea that they might be facing an uncomfortable truth.

It was odd to be so suspicious of Ms. Temple, but there was no reason not to be. They weren't playing child's play detective here; they were on a mission to find the assassin and kill him.

"What do you think?"

In response to Ellen's question, Harriet shrugged.

"It's suspicious, but....... There's no such thing as a wizard without secrets, and when you think about it, it's weirder to see a wizard who doesn't have a workshop or laboratory in the basement of his house. Granted, it's a bit large."

Herriot commented, feeling the massive magical shielding underground.

"Can't you see through it?"

"I don't know how to forcibly unlock a system of that size, but the mere fact that I'm trying to do it will be detected, and if it's not a big deal, it's a big deal. You're tampering with someone else's property."

The person you're about to meet is probably just your average teacher.

Just being cautious. Ellen assured her that everything would be fine, but that she would be prepared, and she also brought the scroll her father had given her to use in case something happened.

The magic contained in this scrollbook, which can only be opened with your biometric information, is beyond imagination. To put it mildly, the scrollbook itself contains the destructive power of an entire army of mages.

The value is priceless.

"Let's take a peek and apologize if it's not."

At Ellen's suggestion that she try an all-or-nothing approach, Harriet got fed up and put the earrings Reinhardt had given her on both sides of her head.

Herriot sighed, feeling slightly calmer.

"Can this end with an apology......."

"What if it doesn't end with an apology?"

Herriot is convinced by the nonchalant way Ellen says it.

Somewhere along the way, Ellen is becoming a little more like Reinhardt.



* * *



It's a monster.

Aaron Mede couldn't get it out of his head.

Anti-magic fields neutralized magically-activated traps and facilities.

It's not omnipotent magic in the first place. An anti-magic field can't neutralize all magical devices. But the level of magic used was too high. This scroll was used by the Grand Duchess of St. Thuan, a duchy known for its magic.

The magic was not the same as normal scrolling.

Okay, let's say that's a possibility.

But Aaron Mede's mansion is not without its mechanized traps.

They still work.

-Bang!

-Bang!

-Bang! Quack!

A monster advances, taking traps in its stride and smashing anything in its path.

He found himself in the bizarre situation of being on the run from his mansion.

A student, bathed in enchanted blue flames, crashes through the wall and rushes forward.

Just bumping into it with your body will shatter the wall.

If it doesn't break, cut it off with the sword.

Shingon Ramen.

A holy relic of the moon god Mensis, said to have a blade as cold and sharp as moonlight.

Aaron Mede was about to realize the power of the Relic in a way he didn't want to experience.

How is that different from a Swordmaster? His attacks don't work on magically enhanced flesh, and a holy object replaces the Swordmaster's proprietary Auror Blade.

-Thump! Thump!

Aaron Mede runs away from Ellen, who bursts in when she can't see the door.

And even though he couldn't see where he'd run off to, he seemed to sense it and follow in the right direction.

You could use the teleportation scroll to escape, but the anti-magic field the damned Archduchess has cast is blocking you from using magic. So she can't use magic either, but what's following you now is a monster that has nothing to do with magic.

The users of the mansion may not have been Swordmasters, but they should have been able to stall for time. They were all down before the anti-magic field activated.

Before he knew it, Aaron Mede was in his basement workshop.

The same goes for the underground workshop: all of the homunculi being studied are either gone or have ceased to function.

Aaron Mede walked into the underground workshop.

The homunculus wasn't the only one there.

"......."

After smashing open the locked reinforced door to the underground workshop, Ellen watches as her body emerges from the blue flames of her own flesh.

Lots of weird experiments in the port.

Chimeras are still alive. Things that are made from life, things that inspire awe at the mere sight of them.

Some of them included humans. There were chimeras that were created by splicing together the human and the non-human.

There are humans, and other parts that look like, well, demons.

"You."

Ellen looks at Aaron Mede in a spark of magic.

"He deserves to die."

Apart from this, Ellen is determined to kill Aaron Mede.

"Hmph, hmph......."

Aaron Mede's underground workshop was built beneath the mansion's sprawling grounds.

It's very large, and there are many experiments.

An experiment that is unaffected by the anti-magic field.

Chimera.

-Bam!

Aaron Mede pulls the lever to open the port and release the Chimera.

-Crack....... Krrrr!

Some have great combat skills, some don't.

But it's enough to buy you some time.

Ellen sees creatures writhing and screaming in front of her, their lives mangled by other people.

Ellen looked pitifully at the hopeless creatures.

Aaron Mede runs his underground workshop.

As long as it is out of the anti-magic field, it will teleport away.

He ran toward the secret exit of the underground workshop.

“캬아아아악!”

Ellen stared at the dozens of chimeras closing in on her.

That, too, for a while.

-skuck!

"......."

Ellen began to chop up the chimeras without hesitation.



* * *



Beside me was Sarkegar, in sparrow form, and Eleris, hiding behind her invisibility spell.

I'm not sure what's going to happen, so I've brought in all the available power except for Loyar. Aaron Mede is an alchemist, but I don't know what he'll do.

The way in is not the front door.

"This is a secret passageway?"

-Yes, degradation.

Sarkegar, in the form of a sparrow perched on my shoulder, said.

It's really weird because it sounds like a bird when it's chirping cute, but when it's talking, it has an unidentifiable, dark voice.

What is.

A great dark being, but a sparrow.

I feel like I'm walking around with something like that.

It was a mansion built on a sparsely populated estate on the outskirts of the ecliptic, and the secret passage was in the middle of a forest even more remote than that.

In the lush vines of the hillside, hidden by the fallen leaves, you can see what looks like an iron gate if you look closely enough.

Enter this location and catch Aaron Mede unawares inside the mansion.

-The atmosphere is a little weird, like something is going on.......

Just as she was about to say that, Elyse, who is hiding behind an invisibility spell.

-Grrrr

The immovable iron gates opened, and out of them leaped a man with an urgent look on his face.

"......?"

"!"

He looked at me, standing there nonchalantly outside, and his heart literally stopped.

"Yeah, how could you!"

"......What is it?"

I don't know Aaron Mede's face because I've never actually seen him.

-Aaron Medeiros.

So, it was Sarkozy's explanation that made me realize that.

That goofy-looking middle-aged guy is Aaron Mederanda.

"......Why is he coming out of here?"

-Don't know.

I don't know what it was, but Aaron Mede was in front of me.

And Aaron Mededo was like, why did you get out of here?

He looked at the talking sparrow, at me waiting at the exit of the secret passage, and pondered. He seemed to have given up thinking.

He puts his hand in yours.

"Where."

-Bam!

I drove my fist into his abdomen as he tried to pull a fast one.

"Off you go!"

"I don't know what it is, but it's an asshole."

I grabbed him by the hair as he lay limp on the floor.

"You're going to be responsible for what you do from now on, aren't you?"

"Blah blah blah!"

Me and Ellen.

You didn't kill it, but you'll get what you came for.

Very expensive.

And.

-Bang!

The sound of harsh spurs on the iron gate, and someone else popped out.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

With a ragged gasp, Ellen emerged, flesh and blood splattered all over her body. Looking desperate, Ellen looked back and forth between Aaron Mede, who had fallen and was holding her head, and me, and then froze.

"...... Reinhardt?"

"......Why are you coming out of there again?"

What the heck is going on?

Not Ellen, not me, not even Aaron Mede.

Even Sarkegar and Elise, though they can't speak.

We were all confused by the situation.





