Episode 257.





I don't know when or where this started.

But you get the idea. Ellen attacked Aaron Mede, and he tried to escape through a secret passage, but I was just about to enter.

But that's not all.

Eleris knows Ellen, but Sarkegaard doesn't know Ellen.

Ellen is holding a bowl of ramen in her right hand, and Sarkegar is not as ignorant as Loyaar.

We need to get Ellen out of here quickly.

Before Sarkeghar could figure something out.

"We'll talk about that later."

"......Yes."

For now, the priority was to take action against Aaron Mede.

I immediately ripped off his robes and shook off all the scrolls in his arms.

He can't use teleportation on his own. We don't know the details of his condition, but we've been told the basics.

"You came with Harriet?"

"Yes."

"Bring him over here."

"It's dangerous, I'll be here......."

"Bring him in."

At my commanding words, Ellen stares at me.

It's not about bringing in Herriot.

I'm sending what I'm about to say because I don't want Ellen to hear it.

"Yeah. Be careful."

Ellen has gone back into the secret passage, and I'm alone with Aaron Mede. I can't see him, of course, but Elise and Sarkegar are near me.

"Oh, you're wrong. This is....... I don't know what's going on, but it's all wrong."

Aaron Mede thought he'd gotten it all wrong and was going to say some bullshit I wouldn't believe.

"What if I'm wrong?"

I grab him by the scruff of the neck and laugh.

"Whether you tried to kill me or not, it doesn't change the fact that you're a scumbag who deserves to die."

Aaron Mede is definitely the killer, and even if he's not, he deserves to die. I made sure Ellen was far enough away.

He sends Ellen away because he thinks she might get annoyed if he tells her about the talking sparrow.

I also had a question to ask.

It's a good thing Aaron Mede ran away in desperation.

If Ellen had gotten the drop on me, I wouldn't have gotten the important information.

"I don't know about anything else, but I need to know how to contact the Black Order."

"......what?"

"Speak quickly, or I will kill you in the most painful way in the world until my friend returns."

Black order.

Since magic is the most likely cause of the Gate, we need to determine the whereabouts and intentions of the Secret Magic Society. Their freak accident may have been the cause of the Gate.

There are bound to be magical covenants that you don't have set up, and you should be aware of the ones you do.

I don't know everything, either, as the magic coven makes an appearance but isn't a major part of the story.

The Black Order is the first of these.

The good news is that I know a bit more about the Black Order than I do about other magical organizations.

He was horrified that I was already waiting for him at the escape site and that he knew I was Black Order.

"You....... Who art thou?"

I began to think that I was beyond his comprehension, that I was some kind of freak.

He's got a point.

"That's none of your business."

I turn to face him and give him a wicked grin.

"Do you think I'm going to kill you? No, I'm not."

One of the few things we know about the Black Order.

"I'm going to hand it over to the cantus magna."

A magical order known to the world as the Sobriety Hunters.

Their real name is Cantus magna.

Cantus Magna, a sobriety hunter, and the Black Order, which has a lot of sobriety.

The Black Order and Cantus Magna are eternal enemies.

If you hand him over to the Cantus Magna, he will live in a state where he would have been better off dead.

His complexion was haggard.

The average person might know the word "sobriety hunter" but not the name of the organization, Cantus Magna.

The fact that I know that is already a surprise.

If you know the connection between the Black Order and the Cantus Magna, you'll think me even weirder.

"Me, if you let me go, I'll put you in touch with the Black Order! I'll introduce you to the Order! I'll do anything for you! I'll even let you become a member of the Order if you want......!"

-Puck!

And.

With a sudden explosion, Aaron Mede's head exploded.

Literally, with no foreshadowing.

"......."

In an instant, I was a decapitated corpse, staring blankly at the sight of blood gushing from my throat toward the sky.

Live, live, live.

You're really seeing things, aren't you?

I had a general idea of what was going on.

I turn around. There, a wizard in black robes stares back at me.

I couldn't see anything inside the black robe.

I was expecting it to show up. No, I was also thinking it would be watching. If not intervene.

But we intervened.

If you don't know about orders, you won't care, but I've made it clear.

Neither Elise nor Sarkegaard were doing anything right now. But they must be on edge.

Someone in a black robe watched me from the shadowy depths of the hood.

"......."

"If you showed up out of the blue, at least say something."

"......."

Aaron Mede is a settlement agent, but a lowly one.

But his opponent summarily eliminated Aaron Mede. At least he's not a minion.

We don't know who it is.

"No, talk to me, why are you just staring at me?"

"Do you have any information on Cantus Magna?"

I smiled to myself as he spoke up after a long moment of silence.

I didn't think that Aaron Mede would have the means to contact the Black Order.

However, I knew that if I mentioned Cantus Magna in front of the Black Order, they would contact me.

I can make up the details as I go along, but I only know what I know, and this is part of that knowledge.

The two magical orders hate each other the most.

They are not interested in anything else, and exterminating each other is also a very important goal.

So it makes sense that they'd be hungry for each other's information.

A Temple student mentions Cantus Magna.

There are secret magical societies that the average person shouldn't even know the name of.

That alone gets them to reach out to me.

"Shouldn't there be some kind of quid pro quo? You can't give it away for free."

"......what you want."

I look at the black wizard in the hood.

"Your knowledge."

This week.

The Black Order's large stockpile of gold.

Maybe that's where the gate debacle came from.

To prevent the gate from happening, I had to start walking a dangerous tightrope again.

He seemed unmoved by the execution of a lowly minion.

He showed up not because I threatened Aaron Mede, but because I mentioned Cantus Magna.

"It better be solid information."

"Do you know enough to tell if you're not sure or not?"

"......."

The Black Order are bad guys, but they're not evil.

They have their own principles, and they're different from the rest of the world.

Therefore, he didn't respond to my sarcastic remarks.

"I'll get back to you in due course."

"......template?"

"That shouldn't be hard."

These guys can come directly to Temple Road. I realized I was starting to touch things I shouldn't have. My skin tingled with tension.

But you have to do what you have to do.

"If you're a boy with a Lord Vampire as a minion, you don't tell flimsy lies."

Of course, he had already identified Eleris, who was waiting by my side with an invisibility spell.

If so, you already know the talking sparrow.

The fact that he's an unknown entity already lends him an uncanny amount of credibility.

The Black Order wizard had vanished like a mirage.

The realization that you're about to cross a truly dangerous river runs down your spine.

You have to get somewhere.

You have to go, even if it means going backwards.



* * *



Ellen, thinking I might be in danger, hurried back with Harriet.

The Black Order mage left, and I put Aaron Mede's body away. Herriot's face was grim from what he'd seen.

"How did you do it?"

"Do I need to say ......?"

I tried to stifle the urge to say I killed him, but I didn't.

The blood from the dead Aaron Mede's body was all over the place, so you get the idea.

She hadn't seen the body, but she was at a loss for words when I told her that I had casually killed a man.

Rather than being angry or scared, I felt sad.

The very fact that I became that person.

"We'll talk about what happened later."

I save talking to Ellen or Harriet about how they got here, or why I'm here alone.

"I need to fix this first."

We've just murdered Ms. Temple.

This was the first thing I needed to fix.



* * *



I sent Ellen and Harriet back first.

with the words I'll do something about it.

Both Ellen and Harriet seemed to have a lot to talk to me about, and they were anxious, but I was too stubborn to force them to go back with me.

I was angry, first of all, that they were in this position.

Outside the mansion of Aaron Mede, outside the ecliptic.

Elise unraveled her invisibility, and Sarkegardo Sparrow returned to his normal human form. But she was no longer Count Argonne Pontheus; she was a normal, ubiquitous adult woman.

Both Ellis and Sarkegaard seemed to have a lot to say.

She would want to know why I would want to contact the Black Order. Her demeanor turned sour as she realized my intentions could never be good.

And it was worse for Sarkegar.

"Jae-hyun, if my eyes aren't mistaken, I think I saw one of the two kids who came to help Jae-hyun grab a bowl of ramen."

Sarkeghar couldn't help but ask about Ellen. The look in Sarkegar's eyes, which had always been submissive and compliant to my every word, was different.

Sarkegar's eyes stare at me, expressionless.

The impression was that of a normal person, but it was eerie to see it.

Dreadfiend.

Dread Demon.

Sarkegaard doesn't go into a lot of detail.

Laments, the new sword of the moon, is said to be the sword of Lagan Artorius, along with Alsbringer.

And it hasn't been used in the Demon Wars.

And the girl holding it.

A girl with powers beyond her years.

Sarkozy is making a guess, and it's probably close to the truth.

Sarkegar looks at me.

Sarkegar's eyes, with their eerie expressionlessness and wide-open whites, made me feel numb just looking at him.

"Even if you don't tell me, there are plenty of ways to figure it out. Please, tell me everything now."

It's not money, it's not praise, it's not any reward that the ever-loyal Sarkegar needs.

Willingness to rebuild the Demon Realm.

For that alone, Sarkhegar will give me his life, and if I don't have it, he will do whatever it takes to make me feel that way.

Ellen is in danger.

If we say nothing here, Sarkhegar will figure out on his own that Ellen is Artorius.

Sarkegar's greatest hatred in the world is, of course, Ragan Artorius, the warrior who killed the demon.

Her sister is becoming a monster in the Temple, and I can't let that happen.

If I don't say it here, if I don't convince Sarkozy.

Ellen dies.

If Sarkegar wants to kill Ellen, I can't stop him.

"Yep. Ramen is right."

"......."

"And her name is Ellen Artorius. She is the younger sister of Ragan Artorius."

Sarkegar's eyes widened at my words.

"May the gods wonder why thee, thou, dost, commune, with, the, flesh and blood, of, such, a, chewing, slayer."

Sarkegar's eyes were bloodshot, and the color of his skin was turning blue and red.

Her anger was causing her to lose control of her body. Elise twitched her fingers nervously.

Elise is now suspicious of my intentions to contact the Black Order.

Sarkegar, who wants war, and Eleris, who wants peace.

I was now giving them both the benefit of the doubt.

But first, an excited Sarkegaard had to be convinced.

He was now angry at me for not telling him about Ellen, and angry that he was close enough to try to save my life.

One word.

If I say the wrong thing, it's not me who dies, it's Ellen. I could end up worse than dead.

Just as Elise is ultimately on my side, but dangerous, Sarkeghar is on my side, but ultimately dangerous.

I was feeling it in my skin right now.

"Isn't that obvious?"

"What's natural?"

"She's Ragan Artorius' sister, why the hell shouldn't we be friendly?"

"......."

"You, is the rebuilding of the Demon Realm a matter of emotion, of simple vengeance?"

Sarkegar's expression didn't improve.

"Weren't you the one who made me go to the Temple, to take down the humans the way they do, with their weapons?"

"......."



'Enter the Temple and learn the ways of the humans thoroughly; to strike them down with their weapons is true revenge!'



Sarkegar was the first to suggest sending me to the temple.

After all, isn't it an extension of him?

"The sister of a warrior who was about to become the most powerful weapon man has ever known risks her life to save me, and you're upset about this?"

"......."

"This situation today is not what I intended, but I thought you'd like to know this."

Sarkegar shook his head.

"You're using the flesh and blood of a fucking warrior. Is that what you're saying?"

"Yeah."

Sarkeghar watches me steadily.

He took a step forward and brought his face to mine.

We were almost nose to nose.

"You're a terrible liar."

"......."

Sarkegar's three hundred eyes stare at me as if trying to see through me.

"Do you think I don't know that you are genuinely concerned about that child?"

When Ellen appeared out of nowhere, I lost my composure.

I was genuinely flustered. It was so unexpected, and Sarkozy read my mood.

I will use Ellen. I will make it my side and use it.

I can't believe he would say such a cold thing in the first place. By my reaction, Sarkozy has already realized that Ellen is important to me.

Just as Ellen values me, I value her.

It's already been read.

Sarkegar's eyes meet mine, and I stare back.

I was scared, but I couldn't back down.

"Why not?"

"......Yes?"

Sarkeghar was rather taken aback by my bold statement, and Elise seemed bewildered, as if she hadn't expected me to say that.

"Fuck, it was Ragan Artorius who killed my father, the Ancestor Demon, not Ellen."

"Yes?"

"No shit, can't I like humans a little bit, is that such a big deal, huh?"

At my sudden outburst, Sarkegar's eyes widened with a meaning unlike any other.

"Lowly! Ragan Artorius is the enemy of the Undying Sky, the one who killed the Ancestral Demon King, and you have not even managed to dry up the seed of the Artorius clan. How can you treat someone with such disgusting, foul blood as precious? This is not acceptable!"

"I don't know asshole, I know I'm trying to use her and I know she's important to me, so what?"

"Degradation!"

"Ugh, come on. Dude, are you supposed to be telling me what to do with the devil?"

"......."

I rolled my eyes, and Sarkegar took a step back. I looked at Sarkhegar as he backed away and shook my head.

"Dude, this isn't working."

"Oh, no, what do you mean......."

"You're the devil."

"Yes?"

"You should be the devil, asshole. I see you're puking all over what I'm doing, so maybe you should be the devil. Yeah or no, just do it, motherfucker. Turn into an Archdemon and do it, motherfucker."

"Lowly, you know that's not my intention, I don't covet the position and I can't have it!"

"Really?"

"Yes, degradation!"

I approach Sarkegar. As I approach, Sarkhegar takes a few steps back.

"Well, shut up and do what I tell you to do. What if I'm being an asshole, what if I'm doing something I don't understand, what if I'm friends with your warrior sister, what if I'm dead or alive, what if you don't understand?"

"......."

"I am the only Archdemon, whether you doubt my qualifications or my intentions, whatever!"

I say, shoving my face into Sarkegar's.

"You have no other choice but me."

"......."

"Ellen, don't touch it."

Sarkegar's eyes were wavering.

"If you don't want to see the corpse of an Archdemon. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

I could die for you.

I hadn't thought about realizing it in a place like this.

I was now threatening a subordinate with my life in a place where Ellen was not. I could see Sarkegar's eyes fill with fear, anger, and sadness.

"......Lower, no."

Eventually, tears welled up in Sarkegar's furious eyes.

"He doesn't know anything, does he?"

"......."

"I don't understand, but even if you can accept him, he won't."

Sarkegar's tears were, after all, tears of genuine concern for me.

"Degradation, this is dangerous. It's too, too risky, and it's a gamble that shouldn't be taken."

Sarkegar cries and begs.

Elise had said. I don't want our relationship to have a sad ending.

Just because I can value the blood of my father's killer doesn't mean that Ellen can accept the blood of her brother's killer.

It's not just an enemy, either.

I am the blood of the enemy and the seed of a great war.

It's impossible for Ellen to accept me.

I understand Sarkozy's tears, his worry, his anxiety, and his words. It's impossible not to understand.

But understanding didn't mean I could accept it.

"Shut up. I don't know about anything else, but if you touch a hair on Ellen's head, I'm going to kill you and fuck you and everything."

"......."

"You, you just have to remember that one thing."

"Degrade....... Please."

"Answer."

"No, no, no. Please. Just this, if nothing else, this......."

"Answer."

Sarkegar nodded, furious.

"Yes....... Degraded."

That didn't convince Sarkegar.

However, we did succeed in getting it to give in.





