Episode 262.





Ellen and Olivia's relationship is a problem, but I have my hands in more dangerous things than that, and I don't have time to worry about it.

The things I've done are enough to make my head spin, but the things that have come out of them are things I should have known about, even if I couldn't do anything about them.

I had left it to Sarkegar to investigate the workings of the Orbis class, even though it wasn't directly related to me.

The last scribe's advice was not a trap.

It was more of a clue than a trap.

Your assassination tells you that the person you suspect didn't do it, but it also tells you that something else is going on.

I was in my room, facing Sarkegar, who had come to see me late at night.

After the Aaron Mede incident, there was no indication that Sarkegaard was not listening to instructions or was up to no good.

He just looked at me and looked very sad.

The fact that there was someone I cared about enough to put my life on the line, and that person was Chulcheon Ji-soo's brother, made it even more so.

It was like he wanted to do something, but he couldn't do anything.

But that didn't stop me from doing my job, and I didn't mention Ellen's case. I knew it would only get on my nerves.

Anyway.

Sarkegaard was investigating what happened after the Orbis class was closed.

To be precise, something involving Oscar de Gradias.

"It's a revolution."

After hearing that simple piece of information, I felt like my head was spinning.

The Orbis class, who must prove everything by ability alone, regardless of status.

A place that instills the idea that you can surpass anything with hard work.

It would be strange if they didn't dream of revolution.

"So, getting the class kicked out for misbehavior was a smokescreen to keep you from being investigated further."

"It appears so."

I didn't just stupidly offend the imperial family, I did it on purpose.

To keep truths that shouldn't be known below the surface.



[Event Complete - Revolutionary Forces].

[Earned 300 achievement points].



And there it is, the event you forgot about.

Charlotte thought it was odd that the Temple didn't have a revolutionary faction, and while I didn't do much research on that, I ended up finding out about it in the wrong place at the wrong time.

The Orbis class was the revolutionary force, not some of them, but most of them.

They didn't assassinate me or retaliate against me because it would be dangerous for them to do so now, when they should be restraining their movements as much as possible.

"The Orbis class appears to have been infiltrated by revolutionary forces for a very long time."

It is the cradle of revolutionary forces.

They've been picking and choosing and secretly recruiting those they think will be sympathetic to their cause.

When they graduate?

The Orbis class is just as important, if not more so, than the Royal class.

Whether it's an empire, an empire, or a territory, they're probably sitting in an important group or position that recognizes their abilities.

"How big?"

"I don't know, I didn't see their meeting, I just inferred it from conversations with people who were clearly members of the organization."

I didn't have a lot of time to investigate, so I'll excuse the lack of detail.

"However, it is clear that the loss of the Orbis class, a key talent generator for the Republican Party, will accelerate the point at which they take action."

"Yeah, that Oscar guy didn't like you for nothing......."

Oscar de Gradias is a member of the revolutionary organization. He will continue to pass imperial information to the organization.

He knew what would happen if there was a major investigation into the Orbis class.

In the original story, the revolutionary forces do not appear.

I mean, it was there, but when the Gate debacle happened, it all got swallowed up in the chaos.

The revolutionary forces had been breeding republicans for a long time after the Orbis class took control.

Of the guys who came to the sponsorship meeting, it's likely that many of the guys sponsoring the Orbis class were Republicans.

Sarkegaard looks at me and says, "Where does it start and where does it end?

"Degradation, take advantage of them."

I knew Sarkozy would say something like this.

"Use them to wreak havoc on the Empire. Destroy both the revolutionary forces and the Empire."

Yes.

If I'm going to be the devil, there's no time like the present.

But I don't care about that.

Revolutionary forces and imperial battles wreak havoc on the Empire.

And that's where the gate bursts open.

......Well, that's a perfect situation for the end of the world.

It just popped up.

It was like hitting the end of the world button.

No, how the hell am I supposed to deduce this?

Butterfly effect.

I shuddered at the words.

There's only one thing I need to do.

I don't think about revolutions.

First, we need to stop the revolution.

Isn't that the position I'm supposed to be in?

It was beyond ridiculous.

Sarkegaard realized this was a golden opportunity.

"Do some more research. Find out how big they are, where they are, who their leaders are, everything. If necessary, you may join their forces."

"Yes, degradation."

We need to know how big they are so we can take action.

Sorry, but we can't do what Sarkozy intended.

Sarkegar smiled happily, oblivious to my inner thoughts.

There is definitely a revolutionary force. And it will be large.

But I couldn't touch them. If we start hacking away at the branches, they'll be cornered and they'll start to react.

If you do, you'll end up with a mess because you messed up.

I didn't realize that one fight would have such consequences, but from now on, anything I do will have a huge ripple effect.

You have to be careful and careful again.

For now, Sarkegar was left to gather information.

I felt like I was trying to figure out what to do with a nuclear bomb that would explode if I mishandled it.

Killing them all is a bad idea, whether it's possible or not.

The best thing to do is to wait until at least next year when they start acting, which will be after the Gate debacle (or lack thereof).

So, assuming I've managed to keep the gates shut, I'm supposed to keep my eyes open for the revolutionary forces?

Even if I manage to stop the gate, is there an inevitable second round of Imperial Civil War waiting in the wings? Where do I stand in that?

It looked like it was going to spin.

It's a minefield everywhere you turn.

"......."

In front of me, Sarkeghar was happy to find a way to blow his nose without being touched, and I was having a headache in front of him.

This is what I mean when I say statue dreams.

"Okay, you can go."

"Yes, degradation."

Sarkegar is about to turn into a sparrow again.

It suddenly occurred to me as I watched the sparrow fly out of the open window, its back to me.

Sarkhegar will only be used by me.

In the end, I am doomed to be used by my unwillingness to rebuild the Demon Realm. I may be wrong in many ways, but the biggest wrong I do is to take advantage of her blind loyalty to the end.

"Sarkegar."

-tweet?

Sarkegar looked back at me and shook his head.

"Last time, I apologized."

-.......

I can't do anything for you, and I'll end up being a worse enemy of yours than Ragan Artorius.

At my selfish apology, Sarkegar stared at me in sparrow form.

-degrade.

"......."

-The gods serve degradation, not archdemons.

You can't help me because there's no Archdemon other than me, and I certainly meant it that way.

You serve me because there is no Archdemon besides me.

I said, something like that.

Then Sarkhegar tells me that I am serving the Age.

I wanted to bite my own tongue for saying that back then.

-Please keep that in mind.

They are not loyal to the Archdemon.

Does that mean you'll serve me even if I'm not an Archdemon? Why? What am I worth to you?

-From the time you made the decision to rescue the demonic prisoners held by the humans, every hair on your head to the last shred of your soul was already yours.

Not because it's an arcdemon.

Sarkegar recognized me as his lord from that moment on.

Seeing my guilty look, Sarkeghar, in his sparrow form, shook his head a few times.

-Sorry, now that I think about it, there's more.

As if he'd remembered something he couldn't say.

"......What is it?"

-Something else. Isn't it strange that the imperial family hasn't noticed this?

"......Yes."

So did Bertus, so did Charlotte, so did the Emperor.

I'm surprised the Imperials didn't recognize the problem. Of course, Sarkeghar's spy skills are excellent, but it's surprising that they didn't recognize the problem at all.

-Wondering if I'm just sitting on the sidelines....... I also did some research on their end.

"What is it?"

-We don't know the details, but it looks like there's a problem with the Imperials.

"What's wrong?"

-Rumor has it that someone died in the Empress Palace.

"......what?"

Something is going on inside the Empire.

I don't know if it's anything else, but it's the Empress Palace.

Speaking of which.......

I was completely distracted by the assassination attempt on my life.

For some time now, Charlotte has been attending school at the palace instead of in her dormitory.

I chalked it up to a lot of internal imperial business, but come to think of it, Bertus was still in his dormitory.

Charlotte's Palace.

That a person died there means.......

Does this mean that the emperor was unsuccessful in controlling the imperial succession?

What else is going on, no. What was going on?

Another complicated problem in a complicated situation.

The sparrow flew away, and I stood at the window, pondering the problem for a while.





