Episode 267.





Dinner at the Palace of Spring was spectacular.

We ate at a lavishly set table, assisted by maids of honor. As if fewer people weren't enough, I felt uncomfortable, but not awkward, eating with someone else by my side.

I ended up eating a lot of it, and Charlotte watched with amusement as I shoved it down my throat.

In the end, I ate so much more than I expected that Dyrus and Saviorin Tana, who were eating with me, were fed up.

"......No, do you eat that much?"

"When am I going to try this?"

Charlotte quits Temple.

Bertus is irrelevant.

In the end, I didn't know anything about what happened here. Nor would Charlotte tell me why she was leaving Temple.

Charlotte was giving a warning.

If anything happens to me, it won't involve Bertus, so don't do anything stupid and risk a crisis.

Although even that is likely to be false.

It was clear that there was something strange about Charlotte's situation, but she wasn't going to get an answer.

After dinner, we had tea together and talked about things.

If the situation is too serious, people will talk about something lighter.

If you start talking about a heavy topic, you're going to get sucked into that one topic, and you're not going to be able to say anything.

That's exactly what we did.

I had to get back soon, as we were going to have dinner.

I don't want to go back yet, and the idea of sleeping here might work for Charlotte, but not for Savior Tana.

Charlotte said goodnight, saying she would get ready for bed.

"Goodbye, Reinhardt. Lord Tana will see you off."

With that routine greeting.

Soon, Tana, the savior, approached to see me off - not so much to see me off as to make sure I was on track.

"Reinhardt."

"Ah, yes. Lord Saviolin."

Saviolin Tana called me.

"Tana is fine."

I nodded at her stern words.

"Yes, Tana."

"I didn't mean to leave out ......."

"Yes, Lord Tana."

The situation is serious.

This guy is kind of cute.

Ellen is real.

"Follow me. I need to check something out."

Before letting me out of the palace, she seemed to have some business with me.

I wonder if he's seeing me off and not Darius because he has something to check.

She led me off to somewhere in the palace.

What appears to be a smoke screen.

The lights were on, but there were no people anywhere. She suddenly raised her sword.

"Take it."

It was a little creepy, but eventually she grabbed the sword and handed it to me.

"No big deal, let's see how you do."

"......Suddenly?"

"I've been wondering about the future of the Empire you mentioned. We were at a banquet at the time. I thought I'd check it out while I had the chance."

The world's strongest man wants to clash swords. I'm pretty sure she doesn't mean anything by it. But when she hands me her sword, it's bare.

There were no other weapons in the training hall. There's no way Charlotte would be practicing swordsmanship here.

"Oh, I see."

When I glared at her, she looked at her bare hands.

"Don't worry."

-Woof

In her bare hands, blue mana began to coalesce and take the form of a sword.

It's not even an auror blade that projects magic onto a sword and adds to it.

I've gotten to the point where I can make a sword out of nothing but magic.

Superhuman, even beyond superhuman.

Saviolin Tana, the Swordmaster beyond the Swordmaster.

No, but you're giving it to Mr. Sun.

"No, what if we summoned something like that?"

"Don't worry. It's a bit of a hard wooden sword right now."

As if a child could know any better, she summoned an Auror Sword and pointed it at me.

"Oh, that's a different story."

"Do something."

"Yes."

Not knowing what else to do, I approached her with Tana's sword in hand.

Her shoulders, her steps, change in response to my movements, even though I'm not touching her. She reads my movements before I've even taken a defensive stance, as if she's gauging the gap and knows how I'm going to attack.

Feeling like I'm going to get stuck the moment we cross swords, I back off a bit again and gauge the distance.

This has never been possible before.

However, once I realized my 'gut feeling', it became possible.

Mood is the most deceptive of the many traits I've received.

Of course, a warrior's bloodline or divine spirit can be tremendous, but the deceitfulness of Qigong lies in its generality.

It feels like it's always on, and not just for certain situations.

In this situation, your opponent's movements are more visible. Not readable, but more subtle.

By looking at your opponent's prior moves and reacting to yours, you can get a good idea of what to expect.

It's not a special power.

It's just that I can now see what Ellen sees.

After practicing long enough, I can do what I see, aided by the trait.

As I adjust my stance and the trajectory of my sword, she follows suit.

We hadn't even clashed swords once, and it felt like we'd already had five fights.

If I go in, I get blocked. So I try another way, and then they try another way, and then I try again.

In that iteration.

The opponent's shoulder, stride, and sword grip.

It constantly makes small posture changes to anticipate combat.

"......."

"......You're not kidding."

She probably saw what I saw at a much higher level than I did. That's why it's not a battle, it's a competition.

She nods. She looks at me.

I don't know why, but.......

This is Ellen, and she can read people. Ellen often has no idea what she's thinking in the beginning, but this person is just there.

"It's not even close.

'I heard you've been learning the sword for less than a year.'

"Even if you were taught by a genius.

"Is this possible?

"What kind of talent is this?

"I hear you've got some kind of enchantment?

"You said you had superpowers, right?

"What the hell.

"He's scared.

"Why don't we ask them to come to Chanapelle?

"I want it.

"But it's taking so long to graduate.

That seems to be the general idea.

What is it? Why do I feel like I'm the only one who can read minds?

-Snarl

"That's it. I don't think we need to look any further."

In the end, she summoned her Auror Sword back without ever crossing swords with me. I politely returned the sword to her. She looked at me with her mouth set tightly shut, as if her thoughts were complicated by all sorts of things.

I suddenly realize that I want Ellen to be this big.

"I don't know if you're the future of the empire, but I'm beginning to think Effinghauser wasn't wrong."

"Is that a compliment?"

"I'm telling the truth."

This person.

Not only Ellen, but also Effinghauser. Age wise, of course.

She looks at me with her sword sheathed.

"Follow me."

Without another word, she left the performance hall and walked out of the Palace of Spring.

A garden at night, full of flowers. The gardeners were all gone. They must have gone home.

-currrrr

"Looks like it's about to rain."

Suddenly, an ominous thunderclap rumbled in the rainy sky.

I can't believe how long it's been since the sunset, and how suddenly it's faded.

She handed me one of the umbrellas.

But she wasn't wearing an umbrella.

"Don't you use it?"

"Not much."

It looked like it was about to rain, but she walked through the palace gardens as if it didn't matter.

The garden was huge, and it took me three months to get through it.

There were no guards anywhere in these palaces and gardens.

Saviolin Tana's mere presence replaces a large number of guards already in place.

Even some of the non-users of the palace seemed to have already left.

In this vast palace, Charlotte showed me the servants' and maids' quarters, which I didn't go into, but I'm pretty sure were empty.

How many steps you took.

-Tuduk

It's raining.

I opened the umbrella, but she just stood in the rain. I tried to put it on her, but she said enough and walked away from me.

She walked through the rain in silence. It was enough to tell that she was in a bad mood.

She and I walked through the palace gardens on a rainy spring day. The tram stop was still a long way off.

Suddenly, she opened her mouth.

"The king says you are the one who can take his secrets to the grave."

"...... Did you?"

"Yes, and he said he was a benefactor and a friend who had done you a lot of good, so you could tell him a few of your secrets."

Apparently, that's what they said in private.

Your own secrets.

Eventually.

The ending I least wanted.

Bertus, and nothing else. Charlotte's own problems.

"This, then, is highly unusual. You, a complete stranger, are to learn the secrets of the imperial family, but only by the will of the Empress, and it is not for me to decide, so keep what you are about to hear to yourself, for if it is revealed, your life and mine will be in jeopardy."

With ample warning, Saviolin Tana speaks.

"The Palace of Spring is currently closed to all outsiders. And it's not just outsiders, most of the palace's personnel are on standby outside, except for those who can be trusted."

When Charlotte didn't say anything herself, she meant for us to hear it from Savior Tana's mouth.

Charlotte gave me her secret, part of it.

"That is why, when the king brought you to me, I and Ser Dyrus were taken aback. Keep in mind that what was said between me and the King was circumstantial, not political. I have nothing to do with anything that comes from politics."

"......Yes."

Saviolin Tana.

It's only the Emperor's power, and she's not involved in politics at all, as she has a big business card as the head of the Charnapelle. It's not her path, she says.

"You must be a superhero."

"Yes."

"Then you know more than most about the dangers of superpowers, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Your psychic power is one of those dangerous ones. It's the kind of power that's hard to control, and that's why it can't be revealed to the public. Until now, you've been focusing on controlling your powers."

Charlotte's superpower.

My only prediction is that it's an offensive ability, and that it's taking it easy because it's the kind of power that shouldn't be revealed.

"I can't go into details. However, both the Imperial Family and you are having difficulty controlling your powers, which is why it is becoming difficult for you to live in the Temple any longer."

"It's ......."

Dangerous and uncontrollable psychics are removed.

Charlotte's power is that kind of power, and it could end up putting other students at Temple in danger.

So Charlotte can no longer come to the temple.

Charlotte soon quits Temple.

It could be a month from now, it could be next week, it could be today.

If this is true, then Charlotte's statement that Bertus is irrelevant is true.

That said.

The story of the death of a man in the Palace of Spring can be found at.......

In other words, someone died because Charlotte's powers got out of control.

Murder.

It was the reason why Charlotte was returning to the Imperial Palace instead of her dormitory.

"Today was unusual in many ways, and don't think you'll be able to visit the Palace of Spring in the future."

It's not a power struggle, it's Charlotte disappearing from the Temple because she failed to control her powers.

Before that.

What are Charlotte's powers?

Why the hell is Saviolin Tana here.

Why did my mood send me an alert today.

-Flash!

-curl!

In a flash of lightning, a flash of light, and a flash of light, I look up at Tana, the viola.

The raindrops running down her cheeks as she walked aimlessly in the rain were like tears.

"If Charlotte completely fails to control her ability....... what happens?"

"I have no reason to tell you."

Saviolin Tana says without looking at me.

Her expression was as serious as mine.

She looked like she was trying to decide something.

You're committing to something you don't want to commit to.

Saviolin Tana.

Why is the strongest man in the world single-handedly in charge of guarding this palace?

Why you're alone.

As far as I can tell, the only other guard besides her is Dyrus.

"If Charlotte gets out of hand, you're here to take over."

-Flash!

In a flash of light, Savior Tana squinted.

My intuition sent me a strong warning today. I was still feeling those red flags.

That said.

It was going to be about Charlotte dying today.

By the hand of Saviolin Tana.





