Episode 268





Saviolin Tana is staying at the Palace of Spring to deal with Charlotte in the event of an emergency.

It wasn't about Charlotte's safety, it was about Huang Sheng's safety.

It was clear.

"Save your words, Reinhardt, I don't have much patience."

In the rain, Saviolin Tana said.

Even if you were her friend, it was presumptuous to say that you were tasked with killing her. Was she standing out in the rain because she wanted to torment herself?

I do not know the relationship between Charlotte and Saviolin Tana. But it's a job that requires touching the body of the most noble of men, especially the Emperor.

It's a direct order from the Emperor, and I'm sure Charlotte accepts it.

But if you're in the position of having to do that command yourself, you'll feel like hell.

Something will happen today. But that's just a gut feeling warning, not a guarantee.

Before I knew it, the Palace of Spring was slipping away.

I shouldn't go back to the template.

I can't leave Charlotte behind.

But how.

Neither Charlotte nor Savior Tana would allow me to stay here at The Palace of Spring. I have crossed too many lines. I have already allowed too much by being Charlotte's friend.

We don't know if Bertus knows about this, but if he does, he's probably not paying attention to Charlotte. There's no point in messing with a competitor who'll just fade away.

I was already getting close to my stop.

"I'm sure you know the entrance to the palace, and I'd love to take you there, but I can't be gone for long."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, Lord Tana."

Normally, I'd have to make sure I was leaving the palace properly, but this was a special case.

She drove me to my stop and then headed back to the Palace of Spring.

I am not allowed to stay.

There was no one at the stop. Everyone who was supposed to go home had already gone home. They didn't want anyone to see Charlotte's condition. The Palace of Spring is operating with a minimum of people.

Now, even the least of them have been bitten, except for Dyrus.

I don't want anyone to see Charlotte die at the hands of Chief Chanapelle, just in case.

This means that right now, the Palace of Spring is very poorly defended.

Is it possible to secretly watch what's going on?

The Palace of Spring would be her domain. Is it possible to hide my presence from her senses and infiltrate the Palace of Spring to observe the situation?

Whether you can or not, you should.

Near the palace in the dreary spring that has bitten people far and wide.

Now it was time to mess up again.

Not for me, but for Charlotte.

Just as you did when you first fell into this world.

Just as I had gambled my life away at Demon Castle, I had to gamble my life away at Yellow Castle.

I can't stand by and watch the first life I saved slip away like this.

A fall rainy night in the dark.

Saviolin Tana is a nervous wreck. But not the kind of nerves that make you wary of your surroundings.

She's probably focused solely on Charlotte. The depression and confusion she feels for herself also seems pretty deep.

My self-implication there.

I don't know if it's possible or not to do this after the fact, but I'll try.

Then, one more thing.

Use 'retire'.

Saviolin Tana is unaware of my infiltration of the Palace of Spring.



[It takes 2,000 achievement points to cause that event].



It's not an unlikely event, but it's not cheap either.

In the past, this would have been enough to buy a talent. With this score, I have imprinted the talent of Self-Suggestion.

A combination of circumstances and conditions make it possible to fool the grandmaster's senses, at least for the moment.

Your current achievement score is 5,930 points.

If I could have Charlotte today, I would have spent it, even if I had to spend all of these points, and if I didn't have enough, I would have borrowed it.



[Use 2,000 achievement points].



When Saviolin Tana disappeared beyond the gardens, I left my stop and headed back to the Palace of Spring.

Place the umbrella among the flowers in the garden, and also use self-implication.

No one can feel me.

Strong implication.

My self-implication is even more powerful in these real-world situations.

It responds to my tension and desperation.

I can't let Charlotte die. My sense of urgency that something is going to happen today has allowed me to do things I wouldn't normally be able to do.

I succeed in infiltrating the Palace of Spring.

Confidence I have mixed beliefs.

I don't know if I'm really going away, but the rain actually dampened the noise and I moved very carefully.

I've created a situation where she doesn't notice me by retreating, but if I suddenly lunge and grab her by the hindquarters, she'll definitely notice.

What's hidden is only a pretense.

Don't be lulled into a false sense of security.

I approached the distant Palace of Spring again.

In the cold rain, the petals were falling, battered by raindrops.

-shoot

Tana on her way home in the fall rain.

I followed in the rain.



* * *



Saviolin Tana was not aware of her surroundings.

As I suspected, she appeared to be in a state of mental overload due to the gravity of her assignment.

As we walked, we would stop and stare at the Palace of Spring.

I couldn't tell what he was thinking.

But in front of me, in front of Charlotte, I could feel a deep sadness in her back that she hadn't shown.

I didn't expect to meet Saviolin Tana before the events of the Gate, and I only had a vague idea of her history, but I didn't flesh out the details.

Saviolin Tana did not participate in the Great Demon War. Or, more accurately, she did not participate.

The Emperor has tethered her to the ecliptic in the name of ensuring that the most powerful force remains to defend it.

You didn't use your power where you needed it most.

That's a big part of her sense of debt and guilt.

She trained Ludwig to be a bully, but only because of the special circumstances of the world's peril, not because her heart was evil.

Saviolin Tana dies saving Ludwig.

He apologizes to Ludwig for all his harsh behavior.

On the outside, she's a cold and distant person, but on the inside, she's anything but.

Rather plain.

He's just an ordinary guy who was so strong that he had to carry a lot of weight.

Saviolin Tana is a sassy senior at EpinHauser.

After graduating from the Temple and joining the Chanapelle, she would have been a knight of the Empire for decades. She's even been nicknamed the Protector of the Empire.

As such, she would have had a lot to do with royalty.

What was his relationship with Charlotte like?

I don't know, but I could tell from her hesitant steps that she cared about Charlotte.

As I watched Savior Tana return to the Palace of Spring, I too entered the palace.

As I walked into the palace's entrance, I didn't feel any magical barriers.

I would have thought that if there was such a thing, my gut would have warned me, but I didn't feel it at all.

Even the guards, including magical barriers, have been disarmed or deactivated. Or even the wizarding staff that was in charge of such things has been evicted.

Just like you don't need a lock on your house if you don't have anything to steal.

The Palace of Spring, which even Sarkhegar could not infiltrate, had become all too easy to infiltrate under the shadow of death.

Thanks to Charlotte's guidance, I had a general idea of what was around the palace.

If it's been a few days, I might have forgotten about it, but I just heard about it.

The only people in this huge, empty palace are Savior Tana, Darius, and Charlotte.

The lights were on, but there was no one to see me.

-Rumble

It was an ominous sound, but now the thunder and rain would drown out my footsteps.

What am I supposed to do here. I don't know anything yet.

Vague confidence.

Because of that one unspeakable feeling, I infiltrated the Empress's palace, refusing to be told to go back.

If I'm caught in a bad situation, even with Charlotte's good graces, Savior Tana will not leave me alone.

If you get it wrong, you really die.

I moved in the palace's illumination, ducking into the few dark spots, moving in the shadows.

Strengthens hearing.

-Currrrr!

With enhanced hearing, thunder sounds deafeningly loud, and rain sounds more detailed.

Self-Suggestion is now Rank B. You succeeded in enhancing your magic power and have been training consistently since then, and your rank has increased.

Therefore, its utilization is increasing. Not only is the range of applications expanding, but the methods we've been using are becoming more and more effective.

It was natural to be able to distinguish the sound I wanted to hear from the noise. This had been possible before, but with greater granularity.

In the sound of the rain, I could even distinguish the slightly different texture of the water as it trickled down the ceiling of the palace.

It was easy to distinguish the sound of the viola tana walking in the sound field, and I could somewhat predict its distance from me.

We don't have a floor plan of the entire palace, but we have a general idea of the locations.

On the second floor, in the hallway on the left, Charlotte's bedroom is on that side. Saviolin Tana is heading there now.

I could make out the sound in the dark corner of the first floor hall.

This is probably due to the fact that the palace is completely silent. The only other sounds were thunder and rain.

-Your Highness?

-You're in.

-Yes.

Dyrus's voice cut in.

I heard the door open.

-Electricity, are you okay?

-No, not yet.

I could hear Charlotte's nonchalant voice.

Charlotte's superpower.

How dangerous is this power that the Emperor must kill the Empress, and how has Charlotte come to terms with it herself?

Because your powers went wild and killed people?

-Dalcock

I heard the door close, and I could hear no more sounds from inside.

Probably due to soundproofing.

We need to get a little closer.

Heading upstairs to the second floor, he checked to see if Darius had made it into Charlotte's bedroom, but there was no one in the hallway.

Just in case, I ducked into an alcove in the hallway and crept closer to Charlotte's bedroom.

Don't make a lot of noise.

I've managed to keep Saviolin Tana from detecting my presence, but don't put too much stock in that.

You're fooling people you would never normally fool.

The closer I get, the more I fantasize about Tana the viola suddenly leaping out and grabbing me by the throat.

The rain should have chilled me to the bone, but my nerves made me feel feverish.

I'm breaking out in a cold sweat.

The good news is, they can't work magic.

If I had noise canceling on, I wouldn't have heard it at all. As I got closer to Charlotte's bedroom, I could detect a voice, very faint, coming from inside the room.

-Yet....... Don't remember?

-Ne.......

I could hear Tana's worried question and Charlotte's depressed answer.

What do you mean you don't remember?

-I think the time is coming, and when it does, please don't hesitate. Lord Tana.

-That will not happen. Surely, there must be a way to resolve Your Highness's condition....... The imperial family is searching as best they can.

The imperial family tries to find a way, but I can already hear the hopelessness in Savior Tana's tone.

-I don't think I'll be able to figure it out before my condition becomes more serious.

Charlotte was negative, and Darius and Tana couldn't deny it.

-Sire, we still need to find the child.......

-Please, please. I don't know how many times I've said it, don't talk about him.

Charlotte muttered nervously at Dyrus's words.

If it's him, he's probably referring to me.

Dyrus thinks that if he finds me, I might know how to make Charlotte's condition better? Why on earth?

If Charlotte's superpower is dangerous, what does that have to do with me?

The ominous forebodings and numerous hints were increasingly leading me to imagine things I didn't want to think about.




