Episode 282.





How many times has the strongest knight on the continent had his life saved by someone else? It's been a long time since it happened, if it ever happened at all, since personal power has reached a certain level.

She may have lived her life on the side of saving rather than being saved by someone.

It was a confluence of events, but in the end, I saved Savior Tana's life.

Had it stirred up some forgotten emotion in her?

She obviously bowed to me and thanked me, but she seemed to think to herself that it wasn't enough.

So, if he wanted to do something for me, he probably thought it would be helpful for him to see to my training while he was still wearing the title of Sergeant Major and staying in the Royal Class dorms.

But it would be weird to teach just me and not the other guys, so I'd bring them in and pretend to teach them, but only teach me.

All good.

Good.

But this.......

I'm just going to be the weirdo again.

"Well, you're going to have to watch the other kids besides me......."

"......a."

Tana, who had been focusing on me, turned her attention back to her students.

"Ah.

"I completely forgot!

Please tell me I'm the only one in the world who can subtly read thoughts in that cold, distant expression.

"Well, okay. I think that's enough for you, so let's watch it again."

At my request, Tana once again watched everyone's swordplay. Of course, she didn't put as much effort into it as she did with me, but in the end, it was more than enough for our level.

Neither Erich nor Delphine took the advice.

Saviolin Tana's teachings to me were definitely helpful, but overly ticklish.

It's embarrassing to be told you're great when you're not even close to Scarlett. This guy clearly doesn't understand that too much praise is feeding.

"Well, I think we're all good to go."

Eventually, after another lap, she grabbed me and taught me a few more things before announcing that the midnight extra class was over.

Everyone was pleased with themselves. They seemed excited to see a legendary creature right in front of them.

Of course, it's not really the stuff of legend.

"I know winter break is just around the corner, but I'll be doing these classes from time to time. I'll let you know when I have an idea, so you can come to the training grounds at the appointed time. That's it."

The class was over, and I went home to rest.

"Reinhardt, that's great, you're the only person I've ever heard Lord Tana praise so loudly!"

Ludwig patted me on the shoulder excitedly, as if he'd been complimented.

Delighting in other people's work as if it were your own.

Every time I realize he's a true human being, I realize how much of a jerk I am.

"Just saying."

"No, Reinhardt. It was great."

Scarlett said, with a rare twinkle in her eye.

I mean, do you say that even though you know objectively that you're better at it?

a.......

Lord Tana must know something I don't, because I feel like this.

Erich's grass was badly dead.

I wasn't scolded or told why I was being so mean.

Saviolin Tana simply said she wouldn't look at you, which was a kindness after all. She didn't want to embarrass you in front of the other students.

I wouldn't be able to say I'm good at something I can't do.

As he stumbles back to his class A dorm because the grass is dead.

Scarlett stared at it.

Scarlett, who had been accused of being a witch, is an excellent student and has never been put to the test.

It will be miserable.

There was nothing amusing about the way Scarlett looked at Erich.

All I felt was a stare. It was neither negative nor positive, just a stare.

The look in Scarlett's eyes convinces me.

That Scarlett is now completely free of the dark feelings that stemmed from Erich and him.

It's better to get out of it than to wallow in it. You could say that Scarlett had undergone a positive transformation.

"When is the next class, I can't wait to take it again."

"......Give me a break, will you?"

At my words, Ludwig scratched his head.

"I don't think I'm cut out for real studying, I'm better off doing this."

You're a madman with nothing but muscles for a brain.

I slowed my pace, afraid that if I stayed with them any longer, I would catch the strange aura. Ludwig, Scarlett, and Delphine headed back to their dormitory and I felt a hand on my shoulder.

"Ah....... Lord Tana."

"Sir."

Saviolin Tana looks at me as if to correct my title, as if I am now her teacher.

He's been very sensitive about the way he's been addressed. First he wants me to call him Lord Tana. Now he wants me to call him Mr. because he's a teacher.

"Yes, sir."

She glances around to make sure no one is watching.

"I have a few more things to say about today's lesson."

I'm pretty sure I have an excuse.

"Let's take a walk."

"Sure."

She led the way, and I followed.



* * *



Saviolin Tana and I walked outside the dormitory.

It was night, and it was getting colder, so the normally deserted neighborhood of the Royal Class dormitory was deserted.

"Royal Class is still a fun place to be."





"......still?"

"Yeah."

She walks with her hands in her coat pockets.

She is a Temple senior at EpinHauser. Naturally, she was also from the Temple Royal class.

"I was no different, a kid who relied on his talent to do nothing. A guy who works hard despite his lack of talent. What's so urgent, a guy who grits his teeth and works hard......."

She exhales a white breath.

"And a natural at everything."

Ellen wasn't here today.

So, when you say I'm a natural at everything, you mean me.

I've gotten to the point where I've been told that.

I'm not the Reinhardt of my incompetence anymore, so when I'm told I'm the guy who has everything, I can't really deny it.

Not the guy who brings everything, but the guy who keeps bringing something.

Although that would be more accurate.

"Which side were you on?"

"...... You know it when you see it, right?"

Saviolin Tana looks at me and smiles.

I haven't set her up, I don't know what her Temple days were like, I have no idea what her past history is.

What was Xavier Tana like in his Temple days, in his Royal Class days?

I can see it without looking. It was like Ellen.

"Ellen Artorius. You didn't show up today."

"Yeah, I've got a few things I need to take care of......."

She probably knows who Ellen is just as well as she knows me. I wonder what she would think if Ellen was competing in Miss Temple instead of training.

Do they think it's pathetic?

She's walking through the dimly lit park in her dorm.

"Actually, I don't remember much about Temple."

"......."

"I've been here for six years, and I've only ever lived in a smokehouse. I've had some friends, but I don't even know what I did with them."

Tana's eyes were blank.

I can't count the hours I've spent here, and I have no memories of any other place.

She must have been a fool who knew nothing but the sword.

The time would have been replaced by skill, but she had no meaningful memory of it.

So what should have been a memorable place didn't seem to be filled with anything.

"After graduation, I joined Shanapelle, and I've had enemies there ever since. Before I knew it, they were calling me the best swordsman on the continent, and then some guy named Ragan Artorius took the title from me, and now it's back."

She walks in a daze.

"You can't just fill your life with titles like that."

She sees me.

"Reinhard, don't live too hard."

"......."

He was born with it all.

No, he lives like he's being chased by something.

She puts her hand on one of the park's trees and strokes down its grain.

"If you live too hard, you'll miss too much."

What was she thinking, I wondered, unable to read the emotion in her expression now.

"What did you miss?"

At my question, she unfolded the hem of her coat and pointed to the sword sheath at her left waist.

Rathalos Tempesta.

No, she's probably referring to the sword itself.

"Everything but this."

He lived for the sword and never had anything but the sword.

A man whose life is all white space except for his sword.

Saviolin Tana was one of those people, and I smirked as I watched her wistful and sad expression.

"Isn't that something I can fill in now?"

"......what?"

"No, no, no, what are you doing, talking like an old lady? By the looks of you, I'm pretty sure you'd be my junior right now."

"......?"

What is he talking about?

She looks at me with the same expression.

"Well, you'll be there when you're stronger here, and then you'll be there when you're stronger there, so it's okay to play a little bit now, right?"

"......?"

"Don't you have a vacation or something?"

"There should be....... not."

Saviolin Tana nods blankly.

"So it's not like I have no time at all. You have a relationship, you go out to eat, you travel. What are you doing with the money you make? Aren't you going to spend it all?"

I can't believe I'm going to give a man who's eaten his fill.

This person is actually much older than my original version.

Whatever.

I'm a guy who's been there, done that.

"Well. You know how to play when you've been played."

"If I....... what the hell am I supposed to answer to you?"

She was baffled, as if she had never heard anything like this from anyone in the world. If you're bored with being the most powerful person in the world, you should get a relationship.

I'm such a weirdo.

It sounds so ridiculous that she doesn't even seem upset.

If it sounds too weird, people will freeze up rather than get upset.

"You told me not to be so hard on myself."

"......."

"Before that, I want you to start living that way."

Not only do superhumans age more slowly, but at a certain level, they don't just stop aging, they age like this.

I don't care what your actual age is, if you wear a Temple uniform, I'm pretty sure you're in the same grade as us.

What are you doing pretending to have a life?

"...... or something."

Saviolin Tana eventually burst out laughing at the absurdity of it all.

"I'm not sure you're the future of the empire after all, Reinhardt."

She patted me on the shoulder.

"But he's definitely the weirdest guy in the empire."

Weirdo.

That was also one of the most common things I heard.

She hadn't called me to talk about nothing in particular.

"Soon, the Emperor will wish to see you."

Emperor.

Does it work.

"It's telling them ahead of time not to be surprised when it happens."

Do I want to thank her for saving Charlotte and reward her, or do I want her to do something for me?

I don't know.

But in the end, it was just one of those things I had to face.





第 283页





Of course, the emperor doesn't accept just anyone. Nor does he meet with just anyone.

You can start by thinking in terms of results.

If you're a nobody, and you don't even have a year in the palace, the least you can do is save the life of a princess.

Although it's technically the second.

That's why meeting the emperor is a lifetime honor in itself.

But somehow.

I'm not the kind of human being who's going to live with that as a lifelong honor.

Just because the emperor asked to see you doesn't mean you're honored, it means you're worried.

The Emperor knows secrets that many people don't, and it's highly likely that Bertus and Charlotte don't either.

You'll be able to discuss the work of the Revolutionaries without taking sides, and you'll be able to ask questions about the work of the Black Order and other magical organizations.

Or maybe you'll get information about a bunch of highly classified magic and alcoholic beverages.

Setting aside the possibility of whether the emperor will trust the information I give him, and whether he will give me what I want, let's just say yes.

What's the point of contact with the emperor?

It could be temporary, or it could be continuous. As long as my abilities help stabilize Charlotte's condition, it will be the latter.

The Emperor will soon seek to see me.

I'm not sure when that will be, but I'm guessing around the winter break after the festival.



* * *



Friday.

The final exam is over.

"Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

As expected, everyone was happy to see that the dreaded second semester of Kono Lint was over.

It's even a festival, starting next week, so we'll have a week of festivities before winter break.

I haven't gotten my final grades yet, but I think I'll be in the middle of the pack. Of course, I missed a lot of classes, so I won't be at the top because of that.

I didn't pay much attention to it because I wasn't really interested in it in the first place.

Sure, the test was over, but for some, it was just the beginning.

Me at a first grade tournament.

Ellen competing in the Miss Temple pageant.

Cliff Mann competing in Mr. Temple.

Plus, Herriot in an unlimited tournament.

"Harriet, are you sure you're okay?"

"It's okay, I've got it all figured out."

Ellen's entry into Miss Temple was a surprise, but it was Herriot's entry into the Unlimited tournament that shocked everyone. As if being a magic major wasn't bad enough, she's not even a freshman and she's in the Unlimited division.

The qualifiers even start tomorrow.

Qualifiers will be held on Saturday and Sunday, with the main competition taking place Monday through Wednesday.

And starting Thursday, the unlimited tournament will begin.

The winner of the grade-level tournament will receive a spot in the unlimited tournament, but it's up to the individual to decide whether or not to participate.

I haven't decided whether to leave or not. But I think it wouldn't hurt to try. Even if you're not going to win an unlimited tournament anyway, it can't hurt to try.

It's kind of ridiculous that you think you're already a winner before you've even won.

First grade tournament qualifiers starting Saturday.

And Miss & Mr. Temple.

After that, you'll have a vacation, and you'll have to pick up the pieces from there.

Just as Kono Lindt was excited, so was Riana.

He grabbed Ellen and Cliffman by the hand and began to drag them away.

"Let's go!"

"Yes."

"That....... that must go....... Ah, ah, ah, alright, alright! I'll go! I'll go!"

Cliffman started to say something, but when Riana gave him a killing glare, his face fell and he just nodded.

Riana: His tension is high in a different way than Herriot's, but I can see that he's totally excited right now.

I wonder if there's anything he's working that hard on.

By the way.......

The real Miss Temple.

Who the hell am I supposed to vote for?

It's a trade-off between the benefits and the reality, and it's a tough call to make.

No Clifford, no Ellen, so the rehearsal hall will be deserted tonight. I'm guessing they'll be at the Duke's mansion all weekend, only coming back for the preliminaries, and the dorms have already been cleared.

Herriot went to the Hufflepuff house, and for the first time in a long time, there weren't many people in the dormitory.

Anyway, today marks the end of the second semester of my freshman year. A festival is a festival is a festival.

It's winter and there's no one around the Royal Class dorms, but there's something festive about it. Or maybe it's just me, but even though it was cold, I felt strangely excited.

The Student Government Association said that the original main event, the Royal and Orbis Class Competition, has been eliminated and replaced with numerous performances, recitals, and friendly athletic events.

Temple's clubs and even graduate students cooperated, which is a bummer for those who were hoping for a showdown, but what can you do?

I didn't let my guard down.

There were no people in the rehearsal hall, so I had a special lesson with Tana on the viola. Of course, I wasn't alone, Ludwig and Scarlett were there.

Delphine and Erich did not come. Both for their own reasons.

Erich the asshole, he seems to be trying pretty hard these days though, but it's obvious it's not working out. He's got talent, but he's been playing too much.

At least he's talented with a sword.

I have an aptitude for swordsmanship, but no talent. But I am much better than Erich, who has a talent for swordsmanship.

In the end, I realize how much Ellen's presence has helped me.

I was in a situation where I might as well have been gifted with a sword.

With an overachieving genius teaching me, it was inevitable that my progress would be much faster than a kid with a talent for swordsmanship.

In other words, Ellen is my doping potion.

A year is a long time, but it's too short a time for an unknown to dominate the talent pool.

So naturally, I'm forced to reevaluate what I've been doing.

"Well, that's not how you do it.

The words reminded me of Ellen, who started teaching me swordplay.

My efforts, which started with Adriana, really took off when Ellen got involved.

I wouldn't be able to do anything if I were alone.

Maybe he was still living as a lesser man than someone like Erich.

-Carded!

"Okay, but there's a problem with sophistication at full power."

-Keying!

"Don't get excited, Reinhardt. Your most important....... is that it's a shame."

"It's a shame to call it a flaw, isn't it?

I can see it in your face.......

Stop favoring me.......

"Your enchantment is still very unstable. Of course, the fact that you're able to do it at all is admirable. Don't take that as a reprimand."

Saviolin Tana took care of me, and of course Scarlett and Ludwig.

At first, Saviolin Tana was a bit reluctant about Ludwig's excessive fighting. To be fair, she didn't dislike it, but she seemed to be overwhelmed by it.

I'm playing favorites, and Scarlett seems to have a personal favorite.

But.

-Ka-ching!

"Done, I'll do it again!"

-Billion!

"Are you okay?"

"That's okay, we'll do it again!"

-Bang!

"Now that......."

"No, just one more time!"

I could see the difference in Ludwig's mood as he bounced back from the rough handling.

'What is this? Is he a troll?

'I thought talent was fitness.......'

'That's weird.......'

'I wonder what this is.......'

'I'm scared.......'

Ludwig did not lose his initial momentum and asked Tana to make a move.

Ludwig is an overly honest character.

It's not about the honesty of a person, it's about the honesty of a belief.

I may fall short. But I believe I can be better.

I may be weak. But I believe I can be strong.

I may be shaken. But I will grow more because of it.

It's a character with an old-school boy-cartoon sensibility.

It's a cliché, but it's true.

So, when you meet someone like that in real life, it's kind of intimidating.

Unbreakable human.

A human being who tries again, even after losing dozens of times and falling apart.

"Let's do it again!"

I thought I had gotten horrible.

But instead of gritting his teeth, Ludwig, grateful for the opportunity to fall, twist his wrist, and get beaten up, smiles as he asks Saviolin Tana for a move.

I realized, once and for all, that the real assholes are the ones who do this.

It's been said that the striver never beats the enjoyer.

"Scarlett, while he's doing that, let's do our own thing."

"Ah, yes. Reinhardt."

I was a trying guy.

"Hmph!"

-Ka-ching!

Ludwig was a man who enjoyed himself.

Protagonist.

By the side of a man who saves the world with an unbreakable mind.

-Kagak!

I swung my sword diligently.



* * *



"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

After the special class, Ludwig called me over.

"I thought you were going to the freshman tournament?"

"Right."

"Me and Scarlett are going out, too. You know?"

"Oh, yeah."

This wasn't surprising to me because I thought it was a given. What was surprising was that Scarlett, who would normally have been Miss Temple, was competing in the tournament.

Ludwig said, and pointed toward the smoke screen.

"I'm going to practice some more. I doubt Lord Tana will grant me a favor."

He laughs hysterically.

"If I lose to you so badly, that's rude too, right?"

Ludwig seems to be betting that he can't beat me.

But he'll do his best, because that's what he does.

Make an effort.

Be a good person.

Let's be honest.

It's a weird thing, like a bunch of common phrases that got together and became a person.

"Bye then! Good luck with your qualifying tomorrow, I'll be there!"

"Sure."

Ludwig is much stronger than the original. That's the price you pay for staying out of trouble.

But I have a strange advantage when it comes to being a nuisance.

So I'm definitely stronger than Ludwig now, having been caught up in so many weird things.

However, I wonder if I will be stronger than Ludwig later on.

His unrealistic mind knows no bounds. He must have some sort of warrior bloodline.

Saviolin Tana seems to sense that Ludwig is something of an oddity. Tana seems a bit overwhelmed, but in the end, they have a good synergy.

Having met her in advance, Ludwig will grow stronger than ever before, and at a tremendous rate.

Tana is doing this special lesson to teach me, but it will actually make Ludwig stronger at a tremendous rate.

He'll probably pester Tana for the rest of the vacation. I'm not sure about Tana, but I don't think she's going to shoo Ludwig away when he asks for help.



* * *



"Reinhardt."

"Uh, why."

Scarlett called from the hallway of her Class B dorm.

"Would you like to eat?"

"Meals?"

I hadn't eaten dinner because I was in a special class, but it was still a bit surprising to hear Scarlett say this.

"The Empress asked me to join her for dinner if I had time."

Oh, I see.

For some reason, I felt like I was going to a tournament and not get any extra practice.

Since Charlotte's return to the dorm, they've been cautious of each other, greeting each other when they see each other but not talking.





