Episode 284.





Me, Scarlett, and Charlotte went out to the main street.

No news is good news, and this is the perfect time to say it. If Charlotte doesn't find me, she's safe.

So, until now, when we haven't heard from her, Charlotte's face has been all smiles.

Since it was winter, the sun set early and the night was already dark.

But in addition to the bright lights everywhere, the temple was already celebrating, and the main street was already deserted.

"Isn't the festival from Monday?"

Charlotte laughed at my comment.

"Access restrictions are lifted on Monday, but business and traffic restrictions are lifted on Friday. People with temple passes will be able to enjoy the festivities a little earlier."

With that said, the festivities have already begun.

During the festival, the once impregnable temple opens its doors to civilians.

Of course, there are plenty of guards, but for the people of the zodiac, the week of the festival is the only time they get to see what their fantasy temple looks like beyond the massive walls.

But we haven't seen a wave of such civilians yet.

The pre-festivities period.

The streets of Temple were a little more lively than usual, with bright lights, street vendors, and delicious smells everywhere.

There were people buying food on the street, and there were students practicing, playing or singing on the street.

"I'm sure the regular classes have been busy preparing for this and that event, but the Royal Class, who should be the busiest, is taking a break from the festivities?"

Charlotte smirked.

"Then thank me."

"Oh, yeah. I should have seen that coming."

The normal classes are busy with their festivities, and the Royal Class, who should be the busiest, has nothing to do, so they're wandering the streets on the eve of the festival.

"Let's eat that."

As I realized last time, Charlotte is very picky about what she eats. At Charlotte's suggestion, the three of us ate chicken skewers that were being grilled on the street, smelling absolutely delicious.

When he sees something like this, I wonder if he just likes street food, regardless of whether it's covered or not.

"Ouch, hot!"

"Who's eating it, slow down."

"I didn't realize it would be this hot."

Charlotte huffed and puffed at the hot chicken skewers, taking careful, tiny bites.

It was crunching, but it was crunching so hard that it felt like a small mouse was gnawing on it.

What is.

It's ridiculously cute.

Scarlett slowly ate her chicken skewer. I took a bite and just held it.

"......Somehow I'm the hardest eater."

Charlotte looks back and forth between me and Scarlett and says.

I am nominally from a beggar's background.

Scarlett is actually a beggar.

"Too sweet."

"How sweet do you want it?"

Charlotte cocked her head curiously, and when I held it out for her to try, she looked puzzled.

"Uh....... Huh? Why?"

"No, try it."

"Huh? Huh?"

"What's the matter, is it dirty?"

"Oh, no, that's, that's. Not that, but......?"

"If you don't like it, don't do it."

"Oh, no, it's not dirty!"

When I tried to take it back, Charlotte grabbed my arm and yelped and bit the chicken in my hand.

It feels forced.

Scarlett's eyes widened at the sight.

No, really.

What's the big deal about this? Charlotte blushed, and then shook her head.

"It's not even that sweet."

"It's a matter of taste."

"You're so picky in the wrong places, aren't you?"

Charlotte clicked her tongue at me, as if I were some kind of weirdo. Charlotte looked at Scarlett, who, like me, hadn't taken a bite this time.

"Why Scarlett?"

"This is too spicy."

She picked up a random one and realized it was spicy. When Charlotte glared at her again, Scarlett smirked and held out the chicken skewer she was holding.

"De, de....... Would you like to try it?"

Charlotte whined again, this time taking a big bite out of the chicken skewer Scarlett was holding.

"......."

Charlotte's face began to grimace.

Well.

I thought Scarlett's reaction was a bit of a dud, but I guess not.

"......."

"I'll get some water."

"Well, I shouldn't have given you that either......."

Charlotte hadn't chewed properly, and her mouth was slightly open.

What is this.

What did I eat?

It looks like this.



* * *



We sat down at a nearby fountain to rest.

Charlotte, who had been rinsing her mouth for a long time after gulping down the water I'd bought for her, sulked angrily.

"What! Why are you selling that for money! Shouldn't there be a warning! Who eats that stuff!"

Charlotte touched her lips and frowned.

"It's not spicy, it hurts. It hurts. My lips hurt."

"Can't you eat spicy food?"

"Do I really need to eat that?"

"There are people who eat them, and I just bought the best-selling ones."

Charlotte's mouth dropped open at Scarlett's words.

"Why would you do that?"

"I don't know."

The main street sells all sorts of fancy food, but it's not as spicy as the Royal Class dorms or the dinner I had at the Palace of Spring.

It's an unlikely life for a chili pepper.

Scarlett was nibbling on a chicken skewer that she said was too spicy to eat.

I don't know if he's a spicy eater, but he doesn't look like he's enjoying it.

"Didn't you say it was spicy?"

"Yes."

At my question, Scarlett took another bite.

"It's a waste to throw it away."

"......."

"......."

Charlotte's eyes met mine.

That's a bit of a mouthful.

Scarlett and Charlotte devoured their share of chicken skewers.

I ditched it, but there's more to it than that.

"Can't you eat neatly, you're making a mess!"

I handed them both tissues in anticipation of this.

I resisted the urge to wipe it myself.

I hate getting that stuff on my clothes. It's wet and dripping.

"What the hell, when did that happen!"

"Well, yeah......."

Both Charlotte and Scarlett were horrified to see the sauce on their skirts, the corners of their mouths, and even in their hair, and they wiped it off.

Eventually, they both started eating in a bizarre position where they craned their necks forward.

An empress and a beggar eat chicken skewers in the same position. Both are covered in sauce.

That's a precious picture.

"Eh, it tastes good, but it's uncomfortable to eat."

After tossing the remaining skewers in the trash, Charlotte brushed off her sauce-stained clothes. Of course, spinning didn't get them clean.

"But this is all experience, right? Come on, let's get something else!"

Charlotte led the way excitedly. Scarlett smiled at her.

"Lately, I don't know why, but you seem to be in a good mood."

Charlotte and Scarlett are close in B class. Of course, Charlotte probably doesn't tell Scarlett much. So even though they're close, there's still quite a bit of distance between them.

Still, I know Charlotte cares about Scarlett.

"I don't know what happened, but I'm glad it did."

Just as importantly, Scarlett seemed to care about Charlotte.

Charlotte certainly seemed to be in a good mood.

Suddenly, I understood why Charlotte had skipped dinner on Friday and called us.

Because when the real festivities start, there will be so many people that it will be hard to get around.

Tournament qualifiers start tomorrow, right now.

Even if I had a bracelet enchanted with cognitive impairment magic, I'd still be busy with my life and Scarlett would be busy with hers.

"Doesn't that look delicious?"

Charlotte wanted to get a head start on the festivities with us today.

Charlotte's platinum hair glistened in the Temple's winter lights as she flew through the streets.



* * *



We didn't settle on one place to eat, but rather wandered around and ate our favorite street food.

Instead of ordering three, one person ordered one and shared.

It was fried noodles and it was a drink.

"It's nice to be able to try everything."

Charlotte was obviously new to the experience, but she seemed to enjoy it.

Scarlett was the one who was most baffled by the fact that they were drinking from the same straw. She didn't mind, but Charlotte's nonchalance seemed to be the most surprising.

We also came across some pretty cool stuff.

"Chu, a taste of home......."

"...... Not a very good memory."

She sees a straw in a coconut for sale, so she buys one and takes a sip. Scarlett looks at the coconut in disbelief.

"Man, was this bad......."

"So....... No, it's a different variety, it doesn't taste the same as I remember!"

"It's a beautification, that."

"......, right?"

I'm sure it didn't taste like this when I was drinking coconut water on a deserted island in the scorching summer heat. And it's winter.

In a place with so much to drink and eat, coconut is nothing more than a fishy, foul-tasting nectar. Charlotte giggled as she remembered the desert island.

"Haha, I thought I was dirty with all this stuff on my clothes now, but it's nothing compared to then."

There was no such thing as a palace when the prince, the princess, the grand duchess, or whatever, were all twisted together.

I lived through it in Class A, but Charlotte lived through it in Class B, commanding the moment.

"When it was raining so hard, you were like, this is it?"

"I did."

"When Ashur summoned the light with his divine magic, I felt like I was saved."

"Yeah, me too."

They talk about a mission they did in B class.

"What's with Ludwig catching dozens of fish on his first day....... He's amazing, if only he could use his head better."

"But I think he has a lot of good things going for him."

"Oh, I didn't mean to imply that there were a lot of downsides."

"Yes, I know what you mean."

Watching them interact, I got a sense of how they usually interact. It was mostly Charlotte talking and Scarlett making comments or retorts. Scarlett seemed to be a good listener. Charlotte looked at me as if she thought I was being left out.

"You were great back then, Reinhard."

"I didn't do much."

"I heard from Bertus later that if it weren't for you, he'd be out half the first day."

Bertus said something like that.

I can't believe they're even having a conversation in the first place. Granted, they don't ignore each other outright, but they do growl at each other, so I guess it's a conversation.

Honestly, I didn't take the initiative, I just got in front of the kids who were thinking of giving up.

So Bertus, who was a little out of it, took the reins.

To be fair, I didn't do much.

Bertus' command, Herriot and Adelia's magic to set up camp, and Ellen's hunt.

Even in the final orc hunt, Ellen and Harriet are pretty much done.

Of course, I can't deny that getting started is half the battle, and that I ended up breaking it.

Charlotte holds up the coconut, which tastes like something she remembers but is so different from what she remembers that she finds it strange, and brings her mouth to the straw and takes a sip.

"This year, it's been a long one."

Charlotte looks up at the night sky.

There was too much street light to see the stars.

This is a monumental year for humanity, with the end of the Demon War and the destruction of the Demon Realm.

But in other ways, it's been a long year.

To me and to Charlotte.

There was a lot going on.

At the end of Temple's second semester, with the year coming to a close and the festivities just around the corner, I find myself wrapping up the year and preparing for what's to come at the end.

Charlotte clutched the coconut tightly.

It doesn't taste as good as you remembered, but it still tastes like what you remembered after all.

"Let's do better next year, us."

"Yes."

"I hope so."

Hopefully it's good.

Whatever it is.



* * *



I asked Charlotte if she was going to run for Miss Temple, and she said she wasn't thinking about it. She said it would be funny if she won or not.

If she wins, it's because she's a princess, and if she loses, it's because she's a princess.

Of course, I don't think Olivia is the kind of person who would care about that.

Anyway, Charlotte didn't seem to be planning to do anything at the festival.

But if Charlotte is in the tournament, I think it's a given that she's going to win.

I don't know how far Charlotte can go with her powers, but she did push Savior Tana to the brink. I'm not sure if she can only use it under certain conditions, such as darkness.

Of course, it's unlikely that Charlotte, who fears and hates her own abilities, would enter a tournament and wield a shadow.

Friday passes and it's Saturday.

The royal class dormitory was empty.

Ellen, Riana, and Kliffman should be at Duke Granz's mansion. Harriet and Adelia may have spent the night there, too, doing whatever it is they do at the Institute of Magic. Bertus is back at the castle.

So now there are only five of us left in the dormitory: me, Heinrich, and the Ganodab brothers.

Breakfast time.

While I was eating, Heinrich, who was eating nearby, looked at me.

"Qualifying starts today, right?"

"Uh, yeah."

A guy who hasn't been comfortable since the Edina Archipelago incident, but has learned not to argue.

There are no major restrictions in the tournament. There are no psychic bans, so there's no problem with Heinrich or Riana playing.

But Riana seems to have more fun dressing up, and Heinrich didn't show up.

He clucks his tongue and kicks it.

"If it weren't for you, I'd be out."

He was sure he was going to lose to me, so he didn't want to participate. It's kind of cavalier to hear him say that. It's subtly tickling.

Heinrich seems to believe in my victory, and the Ganodab trio listening next to me don't seem to have much of an opinion.

Conor Lindt suddenly looks around.

None of the sorority sisters who used to give me eye rolls whenever I said something stupid are here now.

"Hey, I heard there's such a thing."

Kono Lint glanced around, then spoke up. Kaiir's curiosity was piqued by the words.

"What?"

"Crossdressing."

"......?"

"Crossdressing?"

"Yeah, apparently they do that. It's not on the same scale as Miss Temple or Mr. Temple, but there's a competition where men dress up as women and women dress up as men."

Erich frowned at that.

"Aren't you crazy, why would you open that?"

"But they do it every year, so it must be well received."

Pageantry.

It makes me dizzy just thinking about it.

I glared at Conor Lint.

"Shut up, any asshole who watches that shit is a pervert."

Answer.

I tell you, I once dressed up as a woman and confessed to Kono Lint.......

Dizzy.

I feel like throwing up.

Shot.

And anxious.

I think something's going to happen.

I'm nervous about the event popping up!



[Event Occurrence - Pageant].

[Purpose: Win a cross-dressing contest].

[Reward: +5 Magic, increased Anti-Magic].



a.......

I'm so dizzy.......

Fucking asshole.

I don't know what the fuck you're doing, but I don't know what the fuck you're doing to me.

"Are you Mr. Reinhardt, A-11, first year Royal Class?"

"It's ......."

"Your entry for the cross-dressing contest has been accepted."

It's you, I'm killing you.





