Episode 285.





Receptionist for the Women's Convention at Temple General Headquarters.

I pressed it deep into my hood so no one would recognize me.

"You know, sir."

"I'm not a teacher, but do you have anything else to add, Mr. Reinhardt?"

Please don't say my name!

I'm secretly famous, someone might recognize my name!

There's a bunch of students around me signing up for all sorts of competitions, and I'm the only one in a completely empty pageant registration room!

Kids look at me like that!

Oh, my God, that....... I think he's leaving.

Oops.

The big one.

I think he's embarrassed and wears a hood.

No, but you're going to show your face at the competition anyway.

You're looking at me like this!

"You know, that cross-dressing thing....... Can you keep my identity a secret......."

"Oh, you mean you want me to compete in a cross-dressing contest but keep my identity a secret?"

Don't speak too loudly!

But the receptionist smiled coyly, as if she understood what I meant.

"For detailed competition instructions, please refer to the pamphlet here. Line....... Ah. Hmm. Great."

Nuna.

Don't look at me like that.

I wonder if there are a lot of guys like me.......

No, but I have my reasons.

When the achievement points didn't work, the bastard finally offered to increase my hp. How could I not eat that?

I finished my reception and hurried out of Temple General Headquarters, wondering if anyone would see me.

"Xfoot......."

I muttered to myself and hurried to see if anyone would see me.

Something like a dog.

Dog, dog, dog.

Dog!

Luckily, I didn't run into any familiar faces.



* * *



If it gets out that you're in a cross-dressing contest, you're done.

Why did you leave that?

There's no excuse to talk about it!

If I get caught posting this on a topic where everyone who watches it is a pervert.

It's just a suicide angle.

You....... You actually liked that, didn't you?

No Ellen, no Harriet, no Olivia, no Bertus, no Charlotte.

Everyone who knows me will be appalled.

But I won't be found out. I've asked that my identity be kept secret, and I'll introduce myself as a cross-dresser.

That's what it says in the pamphlet for participants.



[If a participant requests identity protection, the organizers "must" guarantee confidentiality].



It's a contest that's definitely prepared for a guy with a shady hobby.

I'm going to change my face with a ring....... When I get caught, I'll blame it on my makeup....... I shouldn't have gotten caught in the first place.

No one is going to recognize John Doe as Reinhardt because he's going to be wearing a different face. In fact, there's no reason for royalty to go to a cross-dressing contest.

The moderator suddenly says, "Mr. Reinhardt, first year Royal Class!

If you don't do this bullshit, you'll never get caught.

You just have to watch out for assholes like Kono Lint.

Should I threaten to kill her if she goes to the pageant? No, I'm afraid that would make them wonder if I'm in it.

5 hp for an increase in anti-hp.

It's a huge step towards horsepower dominance, and I can see why the anti-horsepower increase would make sense.

That's a good thing, because I have a very good chance of winning.

Why can't I love it?

Why do you always have to make me go through all this crap to give it to you? Just give it to me for free! Why is there a greater reward in enduring shame than fighting for your life?

"Next. The preliminary match between Mr. Reinhardt, Royal Class First Year A-11, and Mr. Olanken von Istua, Dardia Class First Year C-32, will now begin. Please take your places."

I'm so distraught that I can't even see what's going on right now.

First-year tournament qualifiers to determine the main draw.

It wasn't the only qualifying event going on in the huge qualifying arena.

You can't see what they're armed with or what their face looks like.

Now I'm freaking out.

I feel like I'm going to die of frustration.

"......."

It's just that your opponent is very focused on being royalty.

"Start."

On the referee's signal, I lunged at him. I threw down my training sword.

I feel like I'm crossing the line if I pick up a water sword at this point.

Go for the fist.

I just heard it, and I forgot the other person's name.

I'm sorry. An unnamed friend.

-Bam!

"Kick!"

"Reinhardt wins!"

Anyone who meets me today, consider yourself lucky!

You are very sensitive today!



* * *



-Puck!

-Bam!

-Bam!

-Thump!

There was a monster on the loose at the Group C qualifier.

"What's that....... What's that......?"

"Royal Class......."

Unarmed. Whether they're using a sword, club, or spear, they'll charge at you at a speed that's too fast for your eyes to follow and finish you off in one fell swoop.

Armament basically means distance. If you have the advantage in distance, you have first strike.

This is why a sword has an advantage over a bare hand in an armored fight, not to mention a spear has an advantage over a sword.

However, with the overwhelming penalty of bare-handedness on his shoulders, he's faced with the prospect of losing the fight if he allows a single hit, and he rushes in to take down his opponent before he has a chance to attack.

"No, not even royal class. He's probably a first year like us......."

"It's famous in the royal class."

If you're like most students, you aspire to Royal Class and the now-defunct Orbis Class.

The Orbis class is not the object of much jealousy; they've earned it through hard work.

But the perception of royalty is a little different.

Talent.

Guys who get in based on that alone.

As such, they are often the target of jealousy and envy. It's not as bad as the envy of Orbis' classmates, but it's still there.

But when they saw a monster that could end any fight in five seconds while faking a servant's face for something very offensive, they had to change their minds.

Overwhelming physical prowess that makes all the non-skills every student has ever learned irrelevant.

That's royal class.

What have we learned so far, and what have I been training myself to do?

The existence of a royal class makes you feel unfair, but seeing how good they are makes you feel self-deprecating.

What's a knight and what's a melee specialist, there's no way I'm going to be in the same line as that monster.

And, as much as I hate it, I can't help but agree.

If you're that good, you deserve to be treated that way.

A place that breeds monsters like that, a place that makes you feel like you don't even have a chance against them.

Obviously, they deserve special treatment in the Empire.

"...... Me, I'm abstaining. How do you beat a guy like that?"

If you're not in your bracket and you're in Group C, you're going to end up fighting that monster.

Many students walked out without a fight.



* * *



Preliminary Round Group C.

This is the group I'm in.

Each group competes in a tournament-style qualifier, with the group winner advancing to the main event.

There were thirty-two finalists.

There will be thirty-two group stage matches over the weekend.

I qualified by sticking where I was told to stick, going where I was told to go, and sticking again.

Suddenly.

"......The winner of Group C is Reinhardt, Royal Class A-11, as the last competitor has withdrawn."

I stared at the back of his head as he walked down the aisle, not even thinking about fighting across from him.

I immediately looked around.

All the students who were eliminated from the preliminaries were looking at me like I was some kind of monster.

I check myself, not a drop of sweat, not a scratch.

In the exam room, I check my distance from the students who look at me in awe.

Is this the distance.

I said that the royal class is scattered with bastards who are no different than the regular class.

After all, that's where the talent and skills are that the regular class can't match.

Even the self-loathing Erhi de Lapaeri, who I dismiss as a gadfly, would be able to qualify here and easily knock those guys out.

I see the distance in their eyes.

I'm very, very far from these guys.

It's gone.

I know that stare.

I know what that stare means.

That gaze, that's the way I sometimes look at Ellen.

Suddenly, I wasn't looking at someone with that gaze, I was being looked at by someone else.

The way they looked at me was too far away.

It's the kind of gaze that sees a different kind of being, one that you can't even recognize as the same human being.

I can't be like them anymore. And never will be.



* * *



Won Group C. Breezed through to the main draw.

The main draw is divided into four groups of eight players each, labeled A, B, C, and D.

The group winner fights the other group winner to determine the winner, and the last man standing fights for the championship trophy.

I didn't meet Orvis or Ludwig in qualifying.

The organizers are thinking, too, so they've balanced the groups. They're not going to do something stupid like put the favorites in the same group.

It's a tournament, after all, and it's a festival.

The favorites won't be placed in the same group in the main draw.

So, even in the main event, I won't be meeting Ludwig or any other potential Orbis class participants in the early rounds.

If you're from the Orbis class, you're most likely going to see freshman A-1 Gladen Amorel.

I don't know why he would enter when he was supposed to be in the runner-up position, beating Ludwig and losing to Ellen in the final.

If I were to compete, could I win?

I think I'll be able to beat him if the enchantment moves properly.

In Ludwig's case, I'll win, and in Gladen Amorell's case, he'll have to get serious.

Grade-level tournaments will be held on a Monday and Tuesday schedule. On Monday, we'll have the main bracket, and on Tuesday, we'll have the semifinals, finals, and placings for the group winners.

On Wednesday, there's....... Well, there's a cross-dressing contest.

Friday will be the finale of the festival, with the Mr. and Miss Temple contest and the finals of the unlimited weight tournament.

The Unlimited tournament will also have qualifiers today and tomorrow.

The unlimited tournaments are actually the biggest draw.

After Tuesday, when the grade-level tournament winners are crowned, the main event of the unlimited tournament will begin on Thursday.

I'm going to give it a shot.

By the way, how's Herriot doing.......

He thought today was a qualifier.

I won easily because I was playing against freshmen, and I wouldn't be surprised to see him get knocked out of an unlimited tournament, which is usually played by upperclassmen.

I think he's really hurting if he doesn't make it to the finals.......

That's not what I expected.

"You won?"

Herriot shrugged nonchalantly.

"......How?"

"It doesn't matter how, it's a win-win."

What the heck did they do?

Herriot knocked out the upperclassmen in a near-melee?

Harriet stuck her tongue out at me, saying she wouldn't tell me, and then stormed out of the dormitory. She's going to the Hufflepuff manor.

It's going to be like that in a couple days?

No.

No.

"I'm going to try harder, more.

Herriot had been trying to be strong since long before those words, when he'd lamented not being able to go to the Darklands with us.

Herriot continued to work on becoming a mage in his own right, or more accurately, getting used to fighting.

This would be the payoff.

That, by the way.

Did he stop by my dorm to tell me he won his group?

Why is he so cute?



* * *



Sunday.

"......Sir, I think I may have misheard you."

"You heard right......."

"......."

I've said a lot of mean things to Elise.

But this time, it just didn't seem to make sense to her. I get it. Surely, surely, I get it.

"You need a dress......?"

"I said......."

If this makes sense, it gets weirder.

Pageantry.

You'll need clothes. You'll also need a wig, although you can make your hair longer with Sarkegar's Ring.

Riana might be appalled that I would do such a bizarre thing, but I think she'd end up giggling and torturing me with it.

Of course I wouldn't be able to choose that option!

Beyond a lifetime of teasing, I want to strangle myself when I think about how Ellen and Cliff will see me.

But I'm not supposed to be discerning.

So, I'm whining because she's the only person I've ever confided in.

I want you to pick out a dress.

"It's a cross-dressing contest................"

"......that's what happened."

"What the hell....... that......?"

Eleris's lips were quivering.

My kid....... It was already weird, but it got weirder.......

Gaze.

"Well, it's very important and necessary for me, but I can't go into details."

"......You mean something to do with the future?"

"Well, so to speak......."

My growth, to be exact. Eleris was still confused.

"I mean, there's no way in hell that....... What your cross-dressing has to do with preparing for the future....... I don't know, but......."

Even Eleris's eyes were shaking violently. Eleris....... I'm about ten million times more upset than you are.......

"But I'm sure you have a plan."

I have a plan.......

Some asshole wants to give me a stat boost if I win a crossdressing contest....... Such a shitty plan.......

"I....... Come on, degradation."

Eleris watched my expression die and seemed to know that I didn't want to do this either.

Elise pats me on the shoulder, dying of misery.

After all, she's the only one who knows how I feel.





