Episode 287.





The outskirts of Saint-Thion, a provincial city in the Duchy of Saint-Thuan.

Adriana was settling back into monastic life. Calm, serene, and uneventful. Adriana's daily routine was tranquil, a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of the temple.

"Sister, the Mother Superior is calling for you."

"Oh, yeah. I see."

Adriana left the prayer room at the call of another nun and walked slowly down the deserted hallway.

Where there's no reason to rush.

Where everything is quiet and secluded.

It's not a pleasant place to be, but Adriana has re-acclimatized to the landscape and is content.

There were faces that came to mind from time to time, but he pushed them out of his mind.

So, you should probably forget about it.

-Smart

"This is Adriana. You said you wanted to talk to me, so here's......."

-Come in.

The abbess, Melia, has been caring for her since she was very young and is practically her biological mother.

Of course, when Adriana was very young, someone else was the abbess, but when the previous abbess passed away, Melia took over.

She was mourning Adriana's return from the Temple; she had sent her there in hopes that she could use her talents to help more people.

But in the end, Adriana chose to return, and while the abbot was saddened by this, he did not reprimand her.

Abbess Melia of Artouan sat in her unadorned, book-filled study, looking at herself with a gentle smile.

"Have a seat."

"Yes."

Adriana sat down in a wooden chair, and she sat across from me.

There was nothing fancy about the place, just austerity.

The only thing of value here is a book. The Artouan Monastery is difficult for thieves to get into, but if they do, they'd rather leave their belongings behind.

The owner of a frugal house of such believers.

Abbess Melia looks at Adriana with a gentle smile.

"What is monastic life like, Adriana?"

"Very well, sir."

"Is it hard to get used to?"

"Yes, everyone has been as nice as ever......."

Adriana's socialization was not a problem, as everyone had taken great care of her since her return from the temple. As is the case now, the abbess would call Adriana in periodically to talk to her to make sure she was adjusting well.

"Do you regret leaving Temple? If you've changed your mind now, I can talk to you about it."

"No problem, sir."

Though not coercive, Melia would occasionally ask if she wanted to return to the Temple. Adriana's answer, of course, was predetermined.

She didn't want any more chaos. It was the best thing for her to spend the rest of her life in this calm, peaceful place, Adriana thought.

"Is that right....... You're still firm on this one."

"Yes."

Adriana had no desire to return to the Temple.

She'd be lying if she said she hadn't, but for now, she was content. Melia pushed herself up from the table.

"Why don't we go for a long walk?"

"Yes, sir."

It was a good thing for Adriana to talk to the chief, so she didn't hesitate to follow.

Melia went outside the monastery, not inside.

Outside the provincial capital city of the Duchy of Saint-Théon.

With the exception of the Artouan Monastery, the area around the monastery was deserted.

It was winter, and the dry grass was blowing in the wind.

"It's windy."

"Oh, thank you. Mr. Director."

Melia placed her hand on Adriana's shoulder, and a faint white glow enveloped her body, sending warmth through her.

Together they walked through the frosty winters, not in cloaks but in the warmth of divine power.

"Adriana."

"Yes, sir."

"It's been a year since the devil fell."

"......, that's right."

It's a story after the end of some grand narrative, after something humanity hadn't asked for had been accomplished.

The Demon Realm, which had terrorized humanity for so long, was destroyed, and the Demon King was defeated by a warrior.

Humanity has achieved the victory it has long sought. Adriana wasn't sure why the abbess was suddenly talking about such things. But Melia had always told her stories that helped her, starting with this one, so Adriana walked alongside her in silence.

"The devil has fallen, and all the demons who serve him are gone, so the wishes of mankind have been fulfilled, and the wishes of our faithful have been fulfilled, right?"

"Yes."

Demons in the service of demigods.

If the enemy of mankind was demons, then the enemy of the believers in the Five Great Gods was the forces of demonism.

Now that the demons have fallen, so will the followers of demons among men. Adriana had no objection to the idea that this was also a victory for the Great Lord.

"But I think it's both a victory and a crisis."

"What's a crisis......?"

Adriana shook her head.

Melia stares at the winter landscape with deep eyes.

"The empire is beginning to fear the power of the Lord's Church."

"ah......."

"In the Jinni Crusaders, gathered for sacred duty, to fulfill the will of their masters, they see the beginnings of a rebellion. What an act of unfaithfulness."

Adriana had never heard Melia talk like this before.

"The Empire needed the power of the Five Lords to win the Demon War, and now that the hunt is over, they want to persecute us like boiled hounds."

"Persecution......?"

"Yes. The Empire is increasingly trying to step into untouchable territory. They've already been in."

Melia turned her head to look at Adriana. Those eyes were not the eyes of her mother, the always gentle and kind Melia that Adriana remembered.

The anger and hatred seemed to breathe in it.

"You've already shown your imperial ambitions by replacing the Crusader Knights with your own, Adriana."

"......!"

Adriana's breath caught in her throat. Adriana's lip trembles, and she speaks cautiously.

"That, that's....... The former leader of the Crusader Knights of....... for what he did to......."

"Adriana, that would be imperial propaganda."

Rumors are fed, and the truth is distorted.

"The last Grand Master of the Crusade was a man who accomplished the feat of demonic subjugation. The Empire, fearing that the Crusaders might rise up, was a force to be reckoned with."

Adriana's eyes widened when she heard that.

The leader of the Crusader Knights was caught trying to torture his foster daughter, and was dismissed for his crimes.

In an effort to keep the current Crusaders and their leader in check, the Empire has replaced them with rumors and fabricated evidence.

The latter was a lie, but the Empire actually had such intentions.

People eat rumors that are good to eat, not rumors that are reliable.

The latter was a delicious rumor for the faithful, that the imperial persecution of the Five Great Houses had begun.

But Adriana knows the truth.

He and Reinhardt discovered the truth. It was another first-year classmate who actually found out, but he was very close to the truth.

The abbot doesn't realize it's something he's directly involved in, so he believes the replacement of the Crusader Knights is an Imperial conspiracy.

"If nothing else, the next Crusader Commander is pro-Empire, so that shouldn't be a problem."

It's too far from the ecliptic.

The removal and replacement of the Crusader Chief was perceived by many as religious persecution.

Leviathan Lance is a hero of the War on Demons. His actions, while inevitably leading to his removal from the position of Crusader Knight Commander, were ultimately unpopular with the majority of the religious population.

In reality, firing a Crusader Knight is not something the Empire decides to do, nor is it something it can do.

The decisions of the five papal conclaves are believed by religious to be imperial pressure.

"Adriana, it is a religious virtue to stay out of the affairs of politics, but when politics begins to persecute religion, it is a matter of concern."

That's why Melia, the Artouan abbess, hasn't spoken about politics in her life, but now she does because she believes the Empire is cracking down on religion.

Melia stares at Adriana with deep eyes.

"The Templars are a unifying organization that exists for the fellowship of the saints of the Five Great Houses now that the Demon Realms are gone. The unfaithful will misunderstand it, misrepresent its intentions, decide it is a threat to the Empire, and seek to dismantle it."

The Crusader Knights unite the power of the Five Great Houses.

This was an unprecedented organization.

While the Crusader Knights were created to subdue the Demon Realm, they were not an organization that could be disbanded just because the Demon Realm was gone.

The Knights of the Temple also served to bring together and communicate with members of each of the five major orders.

If the Empire tries to dismantle the Crusaders, there will be consequences.

But even though the Empire hasn't said anything, religious people like Melia believe the crackdown has already begun.

This is how the battle between demons and humans began.

They have no intention of attacking each other, but they imagine that they will, and they have prepared a formidable army.

That's why wars are wars.

What people do when they start to believe in violence that doesn't exist.

"We can't stand still, Adriana."

"Whoa, Director......."

"We must unite the power of the Five Great Houses, and stand against the Empire."

Naturally, we prepare for violence.

But Adriana was both horrified and intrigued by Melia's words.

The Artouan Monastery is not an armed group. Adriana doesn't know how they're supposed to work together, what the hell is going on, or why they're telling her this story.

"Adriana, the Order with No Name needs you."

The Order of the Nameless.

Adriana was a new name to me.

Melia stays still and grabs Adriana's hand, leading her somewhere.

"Adriana, I'm afraid to send you off on your own, but the person you're going to see has promised to protect you as much as she can, and she says you won't be in any danger."

"Nu, who....... Who are you meeting......?"

In the winter wind.

As Adriana crossed the hill, she could see a wagon parked on the side of the road and several people standing beside it.

They were all strangers, but Adriana recognized one face.

That's it.

Adriana thought she understood why the abbess of St. Thion, outside the ecliptic, had said this to her. Melia held Adriana's hand gently.

"You've been swept up in the empire's machinations, you've been wronged, and now it's up to you to restore your honor."

Adriana could see why Melia was relieved to send her to someone.

If you don't know the details, there's no reason to be afraid to entrust yourself to this person.

"Are you Adriana?"

"......."

Adriana couldn't help but go white at the sight of the cold, middle-aged man.

Leader of the Crusader Legion, Reverie Ranze.

He stared at Adriana.

I could tell by the look in his eyes.

Leverier Lance clearly knew that Adriana was involved in his wave.

You know and find.

But Abbess Melia didn't know that.

"He's a good boy, but he's got a hard heart. You're in good hands, sir. Please take care of Adriana."

"Don't worry. I know it's a great wood."

That's why she hands Adriana over to Leviathan so easily. She gives Adriana to Leviathan because she believes him to be innocent.

Melia, who had trusted and followed her like a mother, was now a member of a mysterious secret society. Reverie Ranze placed a hand on Adriana's frozen shoulder.

"Don't be so shaky. Adriana."

Adriana shudders, barely able to open her mouth. Leviathan's cold gaze bore into Adriana's.

"You'd think I'd done something terribly wrong."

Why the hell are you taking yourself there.

What's up with Leviathan?

Adriana couldn't tell anything.





