Episode 288.





Monday.

It's the start of the long-awaited Temple Festival, and I have a week of work ahead of me.

For one week starting today, the Temple will be open to all civilians.

Of course, it's mostly parents who come to the temple to see their children. With students coming from all over the continent, some parents come to visit their children for the festival, while others are just zodiac people who come to enjoy the temple festivities.

Of course, in this case, the safety of Temple students is our top priority, so restricted areas are in place, and security is much higher than usual.

But even if you're well-protected, you're still going to get a lot of people.

The opening of the temple to civilians means that it is during these festivals that the temple is most vulnerable.

While this year is uneventful, next year's holiday festivities, just before the gates open, will capitalize on the vulnerable moment and cause a ruckus.

But I'm not even sure if that's going to happen.

If history is any indication, the accident could happen this year.

If the Black Order were to come to the Temple, this would be the easiest time to do it. They haven't said whether they're coordinating internally or not.

If they come, I'll have to deal with them, and I'm pretty sure they won't try to kill me, at least.

Anyway, Monday.

It's a festive time of year, but we're not on vacation yet.

Clifford, Ellen, and Riana all returned to their dorms.

All the students of Royal Class were now assembled in the main hall under the direction of the Student Council.

In front of the entire Royal Class gathered on the first floor, Student Council President Ceres van Owen stood at the top of the stairs.

"Starting today, the Gradias Temple festival will run for a week."

She used honorifics because she was in front of the whole school.

"Normally, the Orbis Class and the Royal Class would participate in the opening ceremony at the Great Stadium, but as you know, this year all of the official events and schedules that are supposed to take place during the festivities have been canceled, including the opening ceremony."

"So, very unusually, the Royal Class has been granted unlimited free time during the festival. Students who wish to participate in tournaments or festivals on a personal basis are free to do so."

"This year, you just have to enjoy the festivities. If you want to do something, do it, if you want to play, play. You've worked hard all year, and you can participate in activities to recognize your accomplishments, or you can just kick back and relax."

"We don't have any official event precautions, but we'll spread general precautions."

"We have a significant number of civilians in the temple right now. They come from all walks of life and all walks of status. We ask you not to get into unnecessary confrontations with civilians, and we ask you not to get into confrontations with them."

"There are always a number of frictions between students and civilians at Temple festivals, some of which are the students' mistakes, some of which are the civilians' mistakes. If an unidentified civilian puts undue pressure on you, you can ask a nearby guard for help and it will be dealt with immediately. There is a lot of security at the moment, so you'll see Temple guards everywhere. Of course, if you put pressure or show of force, it will be dealt with as well."

In short, don't get in trouble and don't get hurt. Ceres van Owen looked down at her students after she finished.

"As President of the Royal Class, I would like to wish you a successful year with these festivities."

It's a celebration of all the hard work that every Temple student has put in during the year. So play, have fun, and then relax as you head into winter break.

Of course.

For me, it felt less like a break after a hard run and more like a final gateway to get through the year.

Tournaments validate how much I've improved from not being able to do anything at the beginning of the semester.

If I win the Grade 1 tournament, I'll see how far I can go in the main event of the Unlimited tournament.

Miss and Mr. Temple.

And a freaking cross-dressing contest.

Let's get over this hump and take a breather.

"Have a great festival. Over."

With that, the festivities began, with some students rushing out of the dormitory as if they had been waiting for this moment, and others returning to their dormitories with sullen expressions on their faces, as if they didn't care about the festivities.

Herriot was moving with a group of people.

They were members of the Society for the Study of Magic.

-You guys play, I'm fine.

-No, it's okay, let's go.

-This is really good.......

-I've still got a lot of work to do, and the main event is just around the corner.

The members of the first-year Magical Research Society gathered around, led by Herriot.

-Junior, are you practicing today or not?

And then there's Redina.

-Ah, yeah....... I was thinking about it, but you can go to the festival.......

-No, this is more fun!

-Well, that's.......

Apparently, the Magical Research Society is backing Herriot in the Unlimited tournament.

He never told me how he did it, but he won his group in an unlimited tournament and advanced to the main event.

I wouldn't have done it myself, but he did.

Herriot's level of skill in combat means that it's very likely that his combat skills are on par with mine, and possibly better, even with very few hits.

I've been hit, bruised, rolled over, and groped.

Herriot felt the desire to be a good fighter, and he was succeeding.

So rather than enjoying the festivities, Heriot seems to be focusing on preparing for an unlimited tournament. Apparently, the members of the Magical Research Society are helping out.

The same majors are coming together to create synergies that are separate from the work I've already ordered.

This is a good thing.

Herriot made eye contact with me before heading toward the Ministry of Magic.

I'm sure he'll come over to watch, but he'll be busy doing his own thing.

After a brief, apologetic glance, Harriet left the dorm.

I mean, it's not like it's a big deal, so why feel bad about it?

Herriot left the dorm.

I was at the back of the line for the Class A dorm, and at the front was Ellen.

You've spent the weekend trying things on and trying to figure out what to do at Miss Temple.

He turns his head and looks at me.

I left Temple on Friday and returned late last night, so it's been a few days since we've seen each other.

Makeup is something I'd have done in The Duchess of Granz, but of course, Ellen is bare-chested now and her outfit is just a school uniform.

"?"

Ellen shakes her head as I glare at her.

By the way.

What should I say?

I don't think it's much different from the usual, but I don't know if it looks any prettier.

-Ellen! Come to my room. My new makeup order just came in this morning.

-Ah, yeah.

Ellen stared at me, then was grabbed by Riana's arm and dragged away.

-Do I have to call you?

-Ah. Uh, yeah.......

-Isn't it time for you to take charge? What's wrong with the kid?

-Me, sorry.......

Ellen on the right, Cliffman on the left.

Riana dragged herself away.

Ellen was glaring at me as she was being dragged away.

Are you debating whether or not to come to the tournament today?

What to say.

Rather than enjoying it, everyone seems busier than usual.......

It's a festival, and I want it to be festive.

It felt like that.

"Reinhardt!"

-Wrong!

"What the hell!"

Suddenly, Olivia wrapped her arms around my back and I jumped in surprise.

"Let's go play with my sister, there's so much we want to eat and do!"

Olivia looks at me with a twinkle in her eye.

"I'm busy with the first grade tournament finals today."

"Oh, right, so can I show you around today?"

"If it comes, it comes, and if it doesn't, it doesn't."

As Olivia was talking, her eyes met Ellen's as she was being pulled away by Riana in the distance.

"Hey, you said Miss Temple was coming out."

"Yes....... That's right."

Olivia unwinds her arms from around me and looks back and forth between me and Ellen.

"Are you going to take a picture of me?"

I had no answer, and Olivia pinched my cheek.

"An empty-headed idiot."

Olivia smirked, then went off somewhere.



* * *



Monday.

There are tons of events, performances, and activities going on throughout the temple, but I was far from the hustle and bustle of the festivities.

Today is the day of the first grade tournament finals. The tournament finals for each grade level will continue in the same stadium, and the seats will be filled with spectators.

I'm in Group A. It's my first match.

There are a total of 32 first-year finalists.

Round of 32, Round of 16, and Round of 8.

There are three matches left to play, with the semifinals and final tomorrow.

To prepare for the first grade tournament, I teamed up with Ludwig and Scarlett.

Needless to say, Scarlett and Ludwig also qualified.

Ludwig looked at the bracket and smiled pleasantly.

"I just happened to be in the wrong group, thank goodness."

I was in Group A, Scarlett was in Group B, and Ludwig was in Group C. We won't see each other until the winner of our group is crowned.

If we're playing each other in a tournament, it's at least a semifinal.

"Is that a coincidence?"

"Did you do this on purpose, then?"

Ludwig.......

My sins are great for making you this way.

"Sure, why not, if you put the favorites in a group, there's nothing to see later."

"Oh, I see......."

There are four main brackets.

Groups A, B, and C have people from the royal class.

And there are some familiar names in the Group D bracket.

Gladen Amorell.

The Orbis class is gone, but it's joined by a guy who moved to the regular class.

There may have been other girls from the Orbis class, but I didn't recognize their names. Nilsonia or Rilka Aaron or Ender Wilton or something.

There may have been some unknowns in the mix, but we've got Gladen Amorelle in Group D for now.

If we win our group, who will we play against Gladen Amorelle?

We don't know yet.

We were on our way to the stadium where the main event of the tournament was being held. There, we'll play three matches today, followed by the semifinals and finals tomorrow.

Ludwig was laughing heartily.

"The kids are coming over later, what if I get nervous?"

There are only two finalists in the B class. So they're coming to watch the tournament as a group, except for a few... to watch Ludwig and Scarlett compete, to be exact.

Apparently, they're all coming except for the Magic Society.

How about mine.

Ellen and Harriet probably won't be able to make it.......

Olivia's the only one who's coming, but she seemed a little upset earlier, and I don't think she's coming.

What about Charlotte? There's a bunch of B kids, so maybe they're not coming to see me.

No, I'm just going to do my job, whether you come or not.

Why am I feeling a little nervous?

Why do I feel like I'm the only one whose parents aren't coming to the sporting event where everyone else's parents are?

I've been a kid for so long that I really don't think I'm any different than a kid, but now?

"Reinhard! Let's go!"

"Uh."

An unnecessarily stiff answer came out.





第 289页





The temple was overflowing to the point where people were getting run over. There were more students than usual, and the crowds were huge.

It was refreshing to see the temple bustling with people, even if it was crowded.

There were a lot of people there, so there was a certain amount of commotion among the chattering voices.

I'm a student who gets into a fight with a passerby, or an outsider who gets grabbed by security and yells at me as I'm being dragged away.

It was as chaotic as it was exciting.

Scarlett, Ludwig, and I pushed through the crowds to reach our destination.

The main stadium of the temple.

An amphitheater used for important games or events.

It's very large, with over 30,000 seats.

It is used whenever there are important athletic events inside the temple, as well as tournaments like this one.

Today is the main round of the grade level tournament here.

Not surprisingly, there was even a replay screen for spectators.

Tomorrow, the semifinals and finals will be held here, as well as the main event of the Unlimited tournament.

This is the kind of place you'd expect to see a bunch of guys in athletic clubs, but of course I hadn't connected with them until now.

The royal class guys who were coming to watch the tournament would come later, but since we were participants, we arrived early.

"People....... There are a lot of them."

The crowd that had gathered at the entrance to the stadium to watch the tournament, Ludwig froze and muttered to himself as he watched them.

"The tournament is one of the main events of the festival."

"Wait, Scarlett, doesn't that mean the kids who come to see us won't have a seat?"

"It's okay, Ludwig. The royal class gets in over capacity for all events."

Scarlett had done her homework, and she knew the details. The details of Royal Class privileges at the Temple are endless.

"Oh, I see, but what's this overcapacity thing? How can people get in if we're at capacity?"

"......Well, you can think of it as a special seat, a seat that doesn't count towards the capacity in the first place, if that makes sense, and that's what Royal Class is granted."

"Oh, yeah?"

I could see a flicker of 'pathetic' in Scarlett's expression.

I know it's a human thing, but.......

What the hell happened to the relationship between the main heroine and the hero.......

Scarlett doesn't dislike Ludwig, but she often finds herself thinking of him in a "not good enough" kind of way.

I guess that's my karma.

Gradias Temple Grade Level Tournament Finals.

We headed for the stakeholder entrance, not the visitor entrance.



* * *



Since the identities of the finalists are all shared, we were able to get straight to the athlete's waiting area inside the stadium by simply submitting our IDs.

The stadium is huge, so the players' dressing room, which is strictly off-limits to spectators, is also huge.

It was fully equipped with amenities inside, including exercise equipment, priests in case of injury, and guards for safety.

There are 36 finalists in each grade. All the grades were there, so the total number was over two hundred. There were even private rooms to accommodate them all.

We were ushered into a waiting room for first-year students.

"When all of the finalists arrive, we'll give you a heads-up and instructions, but until then, please make yourself comfortable in your respective waiting rooms or halls."

The three of us took a seat in the hall, told to let the desk know if we needed anything.

Ludwig seemed to marvel at the bustling athlete's waiting room, which rivaled any royal class dormitory, and that was true of Scarlett as well.

We checked to see if anyone had arrived before us, and everyone was either resting or getting ready in their own way.

However, I was mostly alone.

They're picked and chosen from the many classes in the Temple. It's not every day that three people from one class, like the Royal Class, all make it to the finals.

So everyone felt like they were dealing with each other and were on high alert, regardless of the comfort of the venue itself.

Most likely, you're thinking to yourself, warming up, or doing your own imagery training.

It's like a freshman in high school, but it's like a national team tryout.

The strongest seventeen-year-old in the Temple. Or, to be more hyperbolic, the best of their class within the continent.

It's hard not to be nervous.

"Reinhard, do you want some bread?"

Ludwig, of course, didn't know any better and asked me where I had gotten the bread.

Scarlett's eyes naturally met mine.

"......."

"......."

You and I are kind of on the same page.

But you.......

Originally, it was just her and him.......

No. Done.

"Uh, give me one."

"This is delicious."

"Well, me too."

Scarlett eventually ate it.

-.......

The wary gazes of our neighbors are directed at us.

In a room full of people, most of them alone, all of whom seem to be enemies, three people who seem to know each other well are huddled together, breaking bread.

Three finalists who appear to be from the same place.

If that's the case, there's only one possibility they can think of.

You can't help but notice that we're from the royal class.

Wariness, hostility, and fear.

All those eyes are on us.

"Uh, um......."

Ludwig glanced around to see if anyone had noticed, and Scarlett was still munching on her bread.

"What the fuck, assholes. You never seen me eat bread before? You can eat it too. What do you want?"

Eventually, I got annoyed with the stare and snapped a few words at him.

But this is where the guys who say they're going to sleep on their own floors end up.

It's a place full of people who take pride in their skills, unlike the other clumsy bastards.

"What did you say?"

With my nerves stretched taut, there were enough of them to go around, glaring at the first one who did. I crossed my arms on the couch and laughed as he came toward me.

By the way, is that a high school student?

I think it's going to be two meters tall.

Of course, that didn't stop me.

I don't know about the others, but this one in particular kept giving us a particularly nasty look.

"I've never seen you eat bread before. Who are you to judge?"

"This asshole can't see that you're from Royal Class, and he thinks that because you don't have Orbis Class, you're going to win."

The mood suddenly turned sour, and Ludwig stepped in.

"Ah, ahaha. La, Reinhardt. What's wrong with you all of a sudden. Calm down. That one over there. I'm sorry. My friend is a little sensitive."

"......."

"......."

He looked back and forth between Ludwig and me, and I glared at him.

"Who are you, in the main bracket?"

"Group A Reinhardt."

"That's great. I'm in Group A."

He looked at me, snapped his fingers, and untied it, as if he was going to do it for me.

"What's going well?"

I smirked at the sight of it.

"Too bad for you."

I'm going to get blown to smithereens, so what's the point?

Don't get it?

After a nerve-wracking battle, the nameless man retreated, and I heard a voice behind me.

"......You're still driving a train wreck."

"......, you."

"We've never spoken, but I'm guessing you remember my face?"

Of course it is.

Scarlett and Ludwig tilted their heads in confusion, for this must be the first time they'd seen him, though they hadn't spoken.

"But you don't know my name, Gladen Amorel."

He reached out his hand to me. There was no animosity toward me in his outstretched hand.

"Uh....... It's been a while."

I felt a little bad for him, because he'd lost the privilege of being a special class after all the trouble I'd caused.



* * *



Gladen Amorelle sat across from me on the couch we were sitting on.

"It's gone now, but it was my first year in Orbis."

Scarlett and Ludwig had an ah-ha look on their faces as they realized why we were spherical.

Gladen Amorel didn't seem to have any other feelings for me. After all, blowing the whistle on Rilka Aaron wasn't something he did alone, it was something the entire first year Orbis class agreed to.

I know him to be a very cold person, but the fact that he spoke to me first and shook my hand suggested that something had changed.

I don't know what that changes specifically.

"I thought you'd be in the tournament."

"...... is it?"

"I'm not sure why, but it just felt right."

The gnarly Ludwig woofed his authorization bread.

"So first grade is....... all scattered?"

"Yes, but he's in the temple anyway, so if you try to meet him, you won't be able to."

The first-year Orbis students scattered to their respective regular classes.

However, Gladen Amorel seems to have taken the initiative to create a club through the Student Government Association, creating a group of first-year Orbis students. A club is a classless organization.

After all you've been through together, you don't want to cut ties so easily.

He told me, without me asking, that Rilka Aaron is doing well. She said she's a bit of a late bloomer, and made a sly joke about how she thinks she's a little taller these days, but she's not really tall at all.

"I'm kind of glad it happened. Because honestly, it was hell."

The Orbis class is gone, but the guys seem to be getting along just fine.

That seemed strangely comforting to me.

For all the problems I've caused, and all the changes and incidents I've caused, I feel like there has to be a positive change somewhere.

Gladen Amorel is the winner of Group D.

The four seated here are the strongest contenders.

I'm no stranger to Gladen Amorell, but this was my first time talking to him.

But it was clear that this guy owed me a favor.

"Of course, I don't intend to lose. Reinhardt."

That's it, a competition is a competition.

He knew all about it, and so did we.



* * *



"The Temple's main stadium has powerful protection and binding magic built into it, so there are some special things that can only happen here."

"All of you who participate in the main round of the tournament will have a powerful protective spell applied to you."

"What you are about to do will not be in the form of a practice duel. If you are in danger of being mortally wounded, powerful protective and summoning spells will be triggered, and you will be transported to a place of safety. Of course, you will be dealt a defeat."

"In other words, you can't seriously injure or kill your opponent if you're at full strength, so the Gradias Temple tournament will be a 'very realistic' situation that will bring out the best in participants."

"That's a long way of saying it, but at the end of the day, what I'm saying is simple."

"Think of it as a real battle, and do whatever it takes to win. There's no such thing as foul play."

"Sure, things can happen, like getting gouged or having a limb broken. However, all injuries that can be followed up on will not result in a defeat - remember, a punch in the face does not result in a defeat."

The 36 first-year finalists stood still as they listened to the explanation.

It's a far cry from the countless practice matches I've had with Ellen.

Even if you really want to kill your opponent, the protective enchantments and bindings that hang over the stadium, as well as the numerous safeguards placed on the participants, ensure maximum safety.

This allows them to fight to the best of their ability. It serves as a spectacle and pushes the participants' combat skills to the limit.

It's a fight, after all.

It's to show the fight to its extreme, and to show what monsters the Empire breeds.

Tension was evident on everyone's faces, even the usually laid-back Ludwig, who seemed to realize that the tournament was right around the corner.

"When the call comes, you'll be ready for it."

Tournament Round of 36.

Today, we need to determine the winner of the main bracket.

"Group A, first match. Reinhardt, Royal Class, Grade 1, A-11. Lagares, first year Dalon class, C-2. Be ready."

I was competing in a grade-level tournament, the first of many festive tournaments to come.



* * *



He said that of all the shows, the fireworks and fighting shows were the best.

Temple Main Stadium.

Seating for only 30,000.

I didn't think I'd be so nervous seeing it filled up, but I was.

I mean, even if we had a full house and a tournament going on tonight for grades 1-6, what's the point of having this many people here? There's going to be people standing around, not even in the seats.

Is this fun?

a.

I realized that no matter how advanced this worldview is, it's a place where mass media outlets like TV, smartphones, and the internet don't exist.

In a world where stimulating entertainment is so rare, swordplay by empire-bred talent, even if they're just kids, is a pretty big deal by our standards.

The big screens scattered throughout Temple's main stadium alternated between my face and the face of my opponent.

-oooooo

......The odd exclamation from the audience when my face comes up.

This.

It feels weird.

I tried to see if I recognized any faces in the crowd, but there were too many to make out.

Everyone is looking at me.

I felt weird looking around to see if anyone had come to see me.

No.

Everyone's busy.

But strangely.

In tens of thousands of people, I shouldn't be able to find it.

Oddly enough.......

In the distance, I saw a dark-haired girl with a calm expression.

It was Ellen.

Ellen is looking at me.

Next to him, Riana, and Clifford.

And Herriot.

As if that wasn't bad enough, there was Olivia Ranze.

-Our Reinhardt is the bestYaahhhhhhh! HandsomeYaahhhhhhhh!

And then there were the other guys, the Class B guys.

Charlotte looked at me and smiled. She didn't say anything, but I could tell she was rooting for me.

And, of course, there was Saviolin Tana sitting next to him, for protection, of course, but she was looking at me with her arms crossed.

I couldn't help but smile at the sight.

-Cheer up.

I could also see the shape of Ellen's mouth.

-Woo, woo....... Woo! You win!

Herriot stumbled, but he made hand signals and shouted.

Not only Herriot, but all the members of the Magical Research Society had come to Redina.

-Junior! Cheer up!

I thought everyone was too busy doing their own thing to come.

They're all here.

Ellen and Olivia, who don't get along very well, are sitting next to each other, and because they're right next to each other, they're trying to sit at least a few feet away from each other.

They're all here.

"Whoa......."

The sword in your hand is not a training sword, but a true sword.

I was told to pick a weapon that fit my hand, so I chose a longsword with the same weight distribution as the one I used in Darklands.

My opponent's weapon, like mine, is a longsword.

-And now, the much-anticipated Gradias Temple Festival. Grade Level Tournament First Grade Group A! Game 1! Let's start now!

-Waaaaaah!

With a shout from the moderator. In a thunderous roar.

Yes.

It's the first game, so let's do something fun.

Sorry, buddy.

Shouldn't I show my friends who've traveled all this way from their own lives to see what I've been working on for the past year?

Believe.

I, enchant.

-Kurung!

Blue flames leap from my body in an explosion of power. I hear the roar grow louder and louder, and I watch the man in front of me grow weary.

Swift(迅速), Strike(逸格), Harden(硬化).

Self-Suggestion, Enchantment.

Add it all up.

"I, win."

Plus, the power of words.

I, take a step forward.

You've only taken one step.

-Woof!

"!!!"

The next thing I know, I'm in my opponent's face.

Winning.

I don't want anything else.



* * *



-Waaaaaah!

"I guess I should have come to ......."

Amidst the cheers, Herriot muttered something about being unhappy.

The third match of the freshman year in Group D had just ended. Reinhardt's match was over in less than five seconds.

There was still plenty of time before Reinhardt's next match.

After the first year group stage ends, the second year group stage will begin.

So you don't have to watch the round of 36 matches in every grade, but the way Reinhardt was playing, it looked like it was all going to be over in a flash.

So when Reinhardt played, the crowd was not overwhelmed, but more bewildered.

I was like, "No, what is this guy? It was overwhelming, but a little bit refreshing.

Just for fun, it was more fun to watch him fall and roll and fight desperately.

So they came to see Reinhardt play, but they don't really want to see Reinhardt play.

Ellen and Harriet were busy. But in the end, after debating whether or not to come, they did.

Olivia, who met them halfway, was forced to sit next to them, despite her protests.

The reason was simple.

"If we stay together, Reinhardt will find us right away.

Reinhardt might not find you if you're sitting in the audience by yourself.

But sitting with his friends would make it easier for Reinhardt to find them. In fact, he did find them.

When Reinhardt won the first game by an overwhelming margin. Olivia even had the nerve to scream at the top of her lungs, "Take me, take me, take me, take me, take me!" to the hilarious delight of everyone around her.

Reinhardt's next match will begin when all 36 Group D matches have concluded.

Herriot stares at Ellen.

I thought Ellen might be in the unlimited tournament, but she's in Miss Temple, which is kind of weird.

"Oh....... It's Reinhardt's turn sometime. I didn't come here to see that....... Hey, when's Reinhardt's turn? Look at the bracket."

"You should see for yourself."

"If you tell me to do it, I'll do it!"

"...... Reinhardt hates people who say that. Oh, you don't know that."

"Hey, hey....... Whoa, that's it, let's not talk."

Angelic only in Reinhard's presence. Someone who acts as if she could give Reinhardt everything she has, while being harsh to everyone else who is close to Reinhardt.

An Eredian saint who seems to be becoming increasingly unhinged and perverse.

Olivia Ranze.

Neither Ellen nor Harriet. They're in different competitions, but he's the one you want to win.

Can I win.

Instead, Olivia Ranze acted like she didn't give a shit. No, she deliberately ignored them and pissed them off.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Shut up."

As Olivia began to tell the truth, Ellen frowned and glared at Olivia.

"What? Why don't you and your sister go out there right now and play an event match? People would love that."

"Let's do it here and now, not over there."

"Really?! Show me, huh?"

"Don't copy Reinhardt because it's offensive."

Plus, Ellen was getting weird whenever she saw him.

Ellen, Olivia Ranze.

If those two burst into the arena, everything that happens after that will be completely uninteresting to people.

"Both of you, please stop......."

Herriot felt dizzy just looking at them.





