Episode 292.





There are twenty-two first years in the Royal Class.

Twenty-one people, all but Bertus.

Add to that Olivia Ranze, Redina, and Saviolin Tana, and you have twenty-three.

Of course, Olivia thought it was a bit of a cop-out to be in the middle of this, so she patted me on the shoulder for a job well done and walked away.

I didn't forget to thank Olivia for coming on the way out.

Despite the fact that I had a terrible relationship with Ellen, she stood by me and cheered me on. The same could not be said for Ellen.

Aside from feeling like my head was going to explode, I was grateful to Olivia.

'Take care of yourself, win, but don't get hurt. That's all you need.'

"Yes.

After Olivia returned, Charlotte and I wandered the streets with a large group of twenty-two people.

There were musicians playing in the streets, people performing, and the streets were alive with activity.

B-10, the musically talented Ranion Sesor borrowed instruments from street musicians and played them so perfectly that passersby stopped and applauded.

When was the last time you were running around doing this and that.

I couldn't even remember.

Of course, there was no time to hang out late into the night. After we gathered, ate, and hung out for a bit, the group split into two groups: those who went back to their dorms for work and those who stayed on the streets.

Charlotte wanted to play some more with some of the kids in Class B and Tana, the viola.

Back home, it's me, Ludwig, Scarlett, who has a final tomorrow. And the musically talented Lanyon Sessor.

And then there were the members of the Magical Research Society and Harriet.

Before I knew it, Ellen was walking beside me.

When he suddenly shouted earlier, I thought my heart was going to fall out of my chest, but now he's back to his old self.

"Body, are you okay?"

"Do I answer honestly, or do I lie and tell them not to worry?"

Ellen glares at me at my bullshit.

It's weird to see Ellen's lips popping out after all these years.

"Honestly, no problem."

In the end, it's not so much a serious injury as it is a nervousness that can make a difference at a crucial moment.

It's a big deal, just like Richard Howleman never beat me because he kept pushing that pawn.

"Don't hurt yourself. Don't overdo it."

"I hope so."

Ellen and Olivia end up saying the same thing.

Herriot was walking some distance away, chatting with members of the Magical Research Society.

The Magic Society seemed to have gotten their act together to support Herriot's unlimited tournament run.

I can see Louis Ankton in particular thinking hard.

What did it accomplish, which was most likely something I didn't know.

Can Herriot win.

I think that's probably going to be difficult.

However, just making it to the main draw of an unlimited tournament is already a huge accomplishment. It's possible that you got lucky with your bracket, but luck is a combination of skill and luck.

As if sensing my gaze, Harriet, who had been talking intently as we walked, glanced at me and shook her head.

"......Why?"

"......No, good luck."

"......Isn't that what you need to hear right now?"

I do.

There's still some time left in the Unlimited tournament, and the immediate finals are tomorrow. Herriot takes a moment to laugh at the absurdity of my comment.

"I'll be good."

Herriot gave me a warm smile.

I've never seen him smile like that before.

"So, you're good."

Not everyone is rooting for me, not everyone wants me to win.

But there are those who want me to win.

I started doing it for the achievement points, but for some reason it's gotten away from me.

I now wanted to win, even if there was no reward.



* * *



As soon as we got back to the dorm, Ellen, Riana, and Kliffman scurried off to get ready for Miss and Mr. Temple.

But Olivia didn't look that busy, so what were they doing that kept them so busy?

Herriot, who would obviously be busier, went not to the dormitories but to the manor house of the Magical Research Society.

The Ganodab trio and Heinrich seem to have stayed behind to enjoy the festivities, and Class B was pretty much empty except for the quarterfinalists.

It's a festival, and I'm pretty sure I've had my fill, but there's still plenty of daylight left.

"That's subtle."

I had just gone into my room and changed into my sweatpants when Ludwig, who was sitting in the lobby of my dorm, spoke to me.

"......You don't think I'm in the wrong class B dorm, do you? You don't think I can tell right from left yet?"

What are you doing here?

Of course, I guess it doesn't matter now that we don't have A and B classes anymore." Ludwig stood up.

"I'm a little anxious."

"Anxiety?"

"Because honestly, no matter how much I think about it, I think Gladen is stronger than me."

Ludwig doesn't look frightened. But there was anxiety lurking in his expression.

"So, do you think you could practice with me? Scarlett said she's taking the day off."

"Hmmm......."

Ludwig is an uncontrollable bastard, but I haven't gotten much more involved with him than that. I didn't want him to affect the main character in a way that other characters might.

But you can't avoid it forever.

"Yeah. I didn't do much either."

All injuries can be healed by the on-call priest, so there was no reason to say no if you weren't using enchantments.



* * *



-Kang! Kaang! ka-gak!

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

"Huh."

Ludwig took a short, deep breath and scratched his head.

"I can't do this."

I didn't use any enchantments, just self-suggestion.

We played about ten times, and I won.

The rank of Self-Suggestion is A. A clearly advanced psychic power.

There are obvious limits to self-suggestion, given the derivation of the higher-level power, Necromancy. But psychic powers are psychic powers, after all, and my significantly enhanced abilities were more than enough to take on Ludwig.

The conclusion was clear.

If Ludwig comes to the final, I'll win. I don't even need to enchant him.

"Fucking....... I'm tired of....... it's my side......."

But I was the one who won, and I was the one who was exhausted.

This guy, whose health was above S rank, kept losing the duel itself, but my health was running out.

Oh, the feeling of winning and losing.

"Let's take a break."

"Whoa....... Yeah."

I'm not weak, but Ludwig's stamina was a monster, so we had to play it safe and practice matches.

The dorms were empty because it was a festival, and the only people who showed up in the first place were Cliff and Ellen.

We had a lot of time, so after hours of crossing swords, I was exhausted and Ludwig was sweating profusely.

I was at the end of my rope and I was at my wits end.

"I'll lose, won't I?"

Ludwig muttered as he hung his dueling sword in its sheath.

It's not about being weak.

I just know in my gut that I don't have a chance against Gladen Amorelle.

He knows he's going to lose, but he's not going to give up. That's the kind of guy Ludwig is.

I look at Ludwig, wiping the sweat from my face with a towel hanging from the chair.

"I suppose."

I'm not going to deny it.

Gladen Amorelle's skills are beyond Ludwig's, and beyond Scarlett's and mine. I can only match him in terms of superpowers and magical enhancements.

But first, they'll have to get through their quarterfinal matchup against Scarlet without a hitch.

Ludwig opened a window in the smokehouse.

A cold winter wind blew in, but it didn't feel so bad because I was covered in sweat.

"Reinhard, I have a question for you."

Ludwig, who is looking out the window, says with his back to me.

It was the first serious look I'd seen from the always cheerful and jovial guy.

"What is it."

"You've been fighting even though you know you're going to lose, haven't you?"

"...... did."

"But, you won them all."

Ludwig gazes into the darkness of the temple during the festivities of winter.

I've been a part of some very strange things. I've fought battles I knew I couldn't win, but I've won them all.

In just one short year, everyone has come to accept that the combat-ready F-class Eevee is the strongest contender for the Year 1 tournament.

An egg that hits a rock with an egg and always breaks the rock.

That was me.

"How do you think that could have happened?"

Ludwig seemed curious about the secret.

I'm not asking for superpowers, enchantments, or tons of coincidences. Nor am I questioning your cheats.

"Trust me."

"You believe?"

"Yeah."

At a loss for words, I end up telling him about my superpower, which Ludwig of course knows.

Self-implied.

"You're going to lose, you're going to lose, but you have to believe."

"You can win?"

"Yeah."

I put my water sword in its cradle, leaned back against it, and crossed my arms.

"I'd rather believe that I'm going to win, and I'm going to win, no matter what, than that I'm going to lose, but I'm going to work hard."

"And if you still lose?"

"What does it matter?"

The result doesn't matter.

"I'm going to lose, but I'm going to do my best" is like a ready-made excuse for defeat: "But I tried, so I'll do better next time." Isn't that just setting up an escape hatch for your defeated self?"

I've been living in that mindset for a while now, since returning from Darkland.

I can't say I don't still feel that way. But I do know what's best.

You have to believe in possibility, even when it doesn't seem possible. Only then, when you see a glimmer of possibility, can you grab it.

I'm going to lose, but I'm going to do my best, which is not self-deprecating, it's just comforting.

I'm not that good, I'm self-aware.

It shouldn't be in the past tense of I worked hard, but in the future tense of I will win.

Not by judging the past, but by shaping the future.

It has shaped who I am today.

"Rather than prepare that excuse, I figured I'd better believe I was going to win anyway, because, well, what else is there?"

Of course, Ludwig is not a psychic. Accepting what I say won't change anything.

"I run away....... Yeah, that's it. I was....... You did. Saying you tried hard wasn't enough....... Yeah."

Ludwig closed the window and turned away.

You'll lose.

You can't win against Gladen Amorelle.

"See you in the finals. Reinhardt."

Ludwig certainly said so.





