Episode 298.





I was ready to go. I got out with plenty of time to spare.

I've already changed my hair to the silver locks from last time. The expression is important, but I think the change in hair color also played a role.

The original impressions were much faded by Elise's and my exhausting efforts.

"Oh, well. Uh-huh."

And, most importantly.

Voice.

I changed my voice to an ambiguous one, not too feminine, not too masculine. With my original voice, there might be someone who would recognize me based on my voice alone.

In the end, it's sad to realize that making Reinhardt look so unrecognizable, and changing his voice so ambiguously, are all details for when he's found out.

If it were someone else, they could just be 180 degrees different.

I'd Rather....... Miss Temple was better.......

With the last insurance policy in place, there was no hesitation.

All that's left is to get back to the temple in time for the start of the pageant.

But if you're too timely, you never know what might happen. You'll have to get your team together before the start time to get ready in the first place.

So, I'm hanging out in Eleris' subterranean chambers, and I've just come out to the Aligarh shopping district.

Dress is casual.

It's not a temple uniform, obviously, and it's not women's clothing. It's just makeup and a different face shape and body type.

No...... Then you've changed everything, haven't you?

I was carrying my trunk, hood tucked into my robe, just in case anyone saw me.

I feel like I'm going on a secret mission.

Is status really that important.......

Did it really have to come to this.......

In a fit of self-doubt and self-rationalization, I slowly made my way toward Aligarh Station.

Inside the history, I checked every time I came back, but the store was installed properly. Of course, it was getting bigger than it was at first.

When I first proposed the business, I thought it would be a nice idea, but once I started it, I realized that it was a very good idea, and the Merchant Guild was investing more and more. It seemed like the number of shops was growing from just snack shops to more and more shops.

There will come a point where the Rotary Club will not be able to support the size of the business on its own, and you will need to reach out beyond the club.

At some point, we may see something like an underground mall in a large terminal. I don't know when that will be.

Regardless, the amount of money the club is making is growing exponentially.

If other organizations or other merchants come in, it won't be bad in the end. Since we have the rights to the business, there are a lot of ways to make money, whether it's by charging for the rights or just paying people to work like sharecroppers.

If you don't like a business, you can use your power to kick them out. That's what power is for.

I can't believe I've gone through life without thinking about this, and now I can't believe I've allowed myself to have such vicious thoughts.

Such.

Shops in front of Aligarh station.

The Aligarh district is the Seoul equivalent of Yongsan-gu. It has a very high foot traffic and is known for its shops. Although its merchants are more famous for being vicious.

I saw some kids skulking around the store.

-How much is this?

-Oh, that's ten fairy tales.

-That one, that one?

One was asking for prices in front of the club member in charge of the store, while the other was sneaking around in the club member's blind spot.

These assholes.

What is it?

One of them was catching the wind, and the other was sneaking snacks into their arms. I don't know if the people on their way to work didn't see it or didn't care.

Ha.

It's a cute thing to do when you're a subway vendor.

But.

Still, a rice bowl is a rice bowl.

Where are you, you little yellow bloodsuckers.

Just as I was about to approach a bunch of wannabe organized crime figures.

-Pak!

"Yuck!"

"Gotcha, assholes."

A man from out of nowhere grabbed the two kids by the back of the head.

"!"

When he realized the situation was out of hand, he tried to get away from the counter.

"Get him!"

At the command of the first two kids, someone else who was waiting jumped out and snagged the one that was trying to get away.

Suddenly, the three children were arrested for shoplifting, and passersby began to stare in amazement.

No, and what are these assholes?

My outfit doesn't look like a guard.

I'm not even a member of the club, and the store representative who is was just as confused as I was.

"Good catch, you little fuckers. You don't know how close we were, do you?"

-Bang!

"Yuck!"

I could only watch in disbelief as the bully who had snatched them up slapped the little girl across the cheek.

"With you!"

"Yuck!"

-Bam!

"You low-life bastards who do this!"

-Bang!

"Yuck! Hmph, hmph!"

"Lock him in a dungeon and never let him see the light of day......."

-Pak!

"......?"

My body went out of control. I found myself holding the hand of the guard who had slapped the child's cheek.

"......what?"

"Oh, no....... The kid....... What you did was wrong....... What did you have to....... do?"

No, but you still beat him like this?

"I don't know who these three are, but they've been to every station in the city, and they've stolen more than twenty times, so they're felons, if you want to call them that. They're social evils, and they don't deserve the attention of a young lady like you."

Oh, Miss?

I feel like I'm bleaching my hair with that statement.......

No, it's not bleached because I have silver hair.

And these three guys were professional thieves?

Twenty times?

You've touched my rice bowl twenty times now?

You deserved a good beating, didn't you? No, I'd like to beat you up, but not that badly.

People were looking on in confusion at the bullies who were suddenly beating her up, and at me, who suddenly jumped in to stop her, and at the kids who started crying when they were hit.

They were even more terrified when I appeared as if I was going to save them and then suddenly changed the way I looked at them.

"Well, still. I mean, it was wrong, yeah. But I still don't think that....... This is kind of. 거. It's gross, right?"

The expression dick.......

I didn't back down, but added my two cents, and the apparent leader of the gang narrowed his eyes.

"It's none of your business, lady, go on your way."

It was a threat.

By all accounts, these guys were not guards.

He was dressed in the same color as a passerby.

However, I do have to admit that I'm a bit of a snowflake now.

My wrists, thick neck, trapezius muscles, and forearms holding the kids. And the calluses on my palms.

That should give you a pretty good idea.

It's not a bully.

They're trained people, a lot of them.

If I went any further, the commotion would grow. The kids are looking at me like they're begging me to save them.

No, I was trying to beat you guys up for him, so it doesn't matter if you see me.

I don't want to cause any more trouble than this. I don't know who these people are, but if they're here, they're likely to get themselves into trouble.

I don't want to look like I'm a Reinhardt of the Temple Royal class!

When I glared and looked like I was about to back away, he smirked.

"You're a young lady who hasn't had to deal with a lot of shit because of your pretty face. Be careful in the future. The world ain't so easy."

a.

The feeling of a screw falling out.

It's been a while.

"This asshole is real."

"......what?"

"What kind of uneducated asshole beats up a kid on the street and then gets all smug about it?"

His expression changed drastically at my unnecessary insult.

With the screw broken, I could no longer hear the brakes.

"Who the hell are you guys? You're not even in the Guard. This is the Guard's job, not the job of assholes like you who don't have a clue."

"I told you to be careful."

"Be careful, you bastard......."

-Pak!

"!"

"Huh, so you're a hand-wringing asshole?"

I snatched back the hand he reached out to slap me on the cheek; he was stunned that his arm had been grabbed at all.

Yeah, he's a little smaller, but he's just as powerful. Same self-suggestion. I glare at him.

"Are you sure?"

It's not the Reinhardt of old.

Nothing, of course.......

It's a little different today in a different sense.......

"Ha....... Doing a shitty job got me a shitty bitch......."

His eyes changed, and there was a strange gleam in them.

Feeling detects.

Live.

From now on, if he's going to use his hands, I'm going to have to be serious. The man in front of me and my nerves are on edge, and a hand-to-hand fight is about to begin.

"Enough."

A voice cut through the silence.

"What's going on?"

I cut through the murmuring crowd and someone appeared.

"Do, dear......."

"I thought I told you not to make ...... too loud."

A calm-faced Bertus was walking toward them.

No.

Why is she here?



* * *



George.

I don't know what's going on, but I think it's early.

"I'm sorry."

"......No, I'm not, I'm not, I'm rude......."

I stood stiffly watching Bertus apologize as he served the tea.

Bertus didn't recognize me at all.

I never thought I'd have to go to this place to have my makeup validated. I'm wearing a lot of makeup, and I've changed a lot of things, so it's no wonder I don't recognize myself.

I was relieved that I didn't recognize him, but I also felt a cold sweat running down my spine because I didn't know when I would be caught.

"We've been experiencing a lot of inconveniences lately because of the temple festival, so we've had a lot of extra guards, and some of them aren't in full guard uniform, and they're not trained to do this professionally, so sometimes they overreact, so we understand that you might feel uncomfortable with that."

"Oh, no....... I didn't even know that......."

"However, their behavior was clearly wrong and they will be disciplined according to our internal procedures. I know it won't be enough, but I hope you'll forgive me this much......."

"Well, yes, yes, yes!"

When I asked what Bertus was doing away from the Temple dorms, here it was.

Bertus did not reveal that he was a prince.

I introduced myself as the person in charge of operational reliability and security for the horsepower train during the festival.

Temple festivals draw people from all continents to the Yellow Road. There's a huge influx of people, which means a huge influx of horsepower train riders. It's not just the temple that's crowded, it's the entire zodiac.

Bertus seemed to be more interested in getting back to work and racking up one more accomplishment than enjoying the festivities.

In the original, when Charlotte didn't have a competitor, she went to Mr. Temple, but now that she does, she feels like she needs to do something to earn it.

He's a workaholic, too.

Charlotte is playing.......

Still, I'm sure Charlotte would rather be enjoying the festivities than working this time of year.

It turns out that Bertus' constant absence was due to his duties as head of the magic train operation at the festival.

I'm here to take care of some stuff at Aligarh Station, and I think they've got a bunch of thieving kids who've committed more than two dozen thefts, and they've put them undercover in anticipation of them popping up around this time.

So I told them to go get them, and I saw them chasing after them, and I saw the guys who had gotten high, and I saw their hands on them.

This.

It's a terrible coincidence.

A coincidence too good to be true.

It's around this time that I meet Bertus.

You're such a dog! You're doing this on purpose, aren't you? You're doing this to me!

Bertus was apologizing to me. Without revealing his identity as a prince.

Bertus, this one is just plain badass.

I can't deny it now.

I feel like an emperor.......

"I didn't know the details of the situation....... I'm sorry too."

When I realized that the guy who was beating the kids up was actually a plainclothes cop or something, I didn't have anything to say. The kids will get what's coming to them, and the dude will get what's coming to him for trying to punch a stern man in the face.

There's no reason to stay here.

What's more, I don't want to stay in Bertus' line of sight any longer!

"Well, I'll leave you to it......."

"But she has silver hair."

Bertus's voice caught me trying to get up.

"You have a rare hair color."

"Hello, dyeing....... ."

"Oh, is that so?"

Bertus looks at me with a narrowed brow.

"By the way, are you a Temple student?"

"That's ....... Why, that's..."

"No. Look at ....... It looks familiar."

Shot.

Fuck! We have to run!

But Bertus blinked, as if he'd been surprised by his own spit.

"Oh! Not at all that. I have no other intention, really. that....... Looks familiar....... Hmm. No, that's just going to sound weird."

Perhaps thinking that his words might come across as condescending, Bertus fell silent.

Awkward silence.

I need to run, but when do I choose the right time to run? Bertus can't find the words to tell me if he thinks I've said something weird, and I'm watching for the right time to run.

"......Where are you going, traveling or something?"

Bertus asked, looking at the trunk.

Just saying. Should I say traveling?

"Well, just....... Yes."

With a cursory glance, I grabbed the teacup. It was black tea, poured by Bertus.

Teacups.

"A man who doesn't know how to hold a teacup can't be a nobleman.

A memory from long ago flashed through my mind.

How do you hold a teacup? I mean, you know, I've seen him do it, and I've seen him do it, and I've seen Reinhardt do it, and I've seen him do it, and I've seen him do it, and I've seen him do it, and I've seen him do it.

No, Bertus wouldn't remember that!

But what if I remember?

I was so anxious, I thought I was going to lose my mind.

C'mon, asshole, just suck it up! Why are you making things worse?

Even if the situation is malicious, after all, I started the car!

Struggling with the urge to crush my own skull, I gripped the teacup with both hands.

-MoonMoonMoon

Of course.

My hands shook as if I were suffering from catalepsy. Bertus stared at me in disbelief.

"Well, I'm a little bit....... that. have."

"Oh, is that so?"

I ended up holding the teacup with both hands and barely managed a sip.

What I was doing to act nonchalant was even weirder.

"I'm surprised you have hydrocephalus, considering how young you are."

Bertus raised his teacup.

Yeah. Hydrocephalus at this age? That's weird!

Why not?

Hydrocephalus at a young age?

"I'm an alcoholic."

"Poof!"

Bertus spat out the black tea he'd been drinking, embarrassed by the reason he'd thought of.

On my face.

"......."

"That, that, sin, I'm sorry!"

Bertus was genuinely flustered, pulling out a handkerchief and holding it to my face, then hesitating.

"...... is fine."

I wiped my face with the handkerchief Bertus handed me.

Hydrocephalus at a young age. The reason is alcoholism.

I'd say your answer is even more ridiculous.

Bertus was visibly flustered, as if he never thought he'd see such disrespect in his life.

I wiped my face with a handkerchief, as carefully as I could.

Fuck.

What if this takes off my makeup?

I'm already pissed off that I have to worry about this shit.

"Well, I'll leave you to....... to go."

"Well, I'm really sorry......."

Bertus lowered his head in pity. Better this way than that.

It's clear that he thinks I'm leaving early because of the rudeness he committed.

Luckily, I also knew my cover was good enough to fool even the snowy-eyed Bertus.

"Hey, I was wondering. If I asked your name, would it be....... ?"

Bertus asked as I turned to leave the stationmaster's office.

I didn't think of crossdressing pseudonyms!

I'm already "real" enough.

I don't want to be more real here!

"......It wouldn't hurt for you to know."

"......a."

Leaving Bertus's subtle reaction behind, I stormed out of there.





