507.





Someone is bound to die.

A lot of people had already died, and so had the Royal Class students.

A swarm of flying monsters attacked the rear area where you were healing wounded soldiers in a base defense battle.

Ashur was torn to pieces by the monsters on the spot.

It wasn't that long ago.

So the melancholy and sensitivity that pervades the Royal Class garrison has only intensified since Ashur's death.

A classmate died.

We all knew that dying was an inevitability of the Gate crisis and the war, but the death of someone close to us was bound to shock everyone.

Everyone is grieving, and some are still grieving.

But what Ellen saw in Ludwig's eyes was not sadness.

In the midst of all that anger and hatred, Ellen could sense that Ludwig wanted revenge.

Though she didn't watch Ashar die, Ellen was just as shocked.

And the death comes back to Ellen as guilt, not resentment and hatred.

Who will be dead and who will be alive at the end of this final march.

-degree

Ludwig takes a bite of the sausage and puts it down on his plate.

"You."

"......?"

"Last time, when Reinhardt was in the ecliptic."

Ellen felt her heart tighten at the words.

The Demon Invasion of the Zodiac and the Capture of the Empress.

Everyone knows the story. The story ended with Ellen defeating the demon, so the damage was done, but the morale of the zodiac was through the roof.

Ludwig tells the story.

It was an event that left a huge scar on Ellen's heart.

"On purpose....... you didn't fight properly or....... or something like that?"

Ellen's hand trembled slightly at the words.

"......."

Under Ludwig's gaze, Ellen felt like she was being interrogated. After looking at her for a moment, Ludwig shook his head.

"......No. You wouldn't do that. You wouldn't do that."

"......."

Ludwig stares at Ellen with eyes as deep and dark as the abyss.

"That can't be right, can it?"

"......."

"You're a warrior, chosen by the gods, chosen by two holy objects, chosen to defeat a demon."

Ludwig looks at Ellen and says.

"Warrior."

To Ellen, Ludwig's words sounded like a threat.

"Sorry, that was rude. Presumptuous. It's not my place. How dare you talk to me."

Ellen felt goosebumps all over her body as she watched Ludwig muttering to himself.

"I've never beaten Reinhardt."

So defeating the devil is not something I can do.

As he says this, Ludwig looks at Ellen.

"But you, you've always been stronger than Reinhardt, so it's kind of....... Weird......."

What I can't do, because I can't.

Things you can do, but don't.

It was a penetrating stare, like he was questioning whether or not that was the case.

"Ludwig."

"......, Scarlett."

A calm-faced redheaded girl eating next to him calls out to Ludwig.

"Don't put pressure on Ellen."

"......."

"At least you're comfortable here, Ellen, it's going to be the hardest for you."

Ellen is already under intense pressure from many quarters.

Ludwig nodded slowly at Scarlett's cautionary words, as if to say that to Ellen, here, now.

"Yeah. I guess so."

Ludwig looks at Ellen.

"I'm sorry, Ellen. For making you uncomfortable."

Ellen kept her head down, shaking her head horizontally.

"No....... It's okay."

Ellen said nothing more, except to stare at the hand holding the bread.

In the end, Ellen didn't eat well.



* * *



In the Royal Class garrison, Ellen's barracks aren't exactly the biggest.

The largest barracks are those of Adelia and the alchemical talent Christina. Setting up and taking down the barracks requires a significant amount of manpower, as do the materials needed for magical research, so you'll need several wagons for your personal research supplies alone.

While Adelia doesn't participate in the battle itself, the artifacts she develops and improves are the most important in large-scale battles.

Christina and Adelia.

If the Gate debacle was ever fully resolved, and humanity was ever able to rewrite history, their names would be mentioned in the same breath as Ellen's.

They had a lot of necessary research supplies, and Ellen didn't really have any personal items aside from two holy relics.

Ellen has never been much of a room decorator.

As such, Ellen's tents are quite spacious and compartmentalized, with amenities to make her stay as comfortable as possible, but nothing fancy.

Nightfall Garrison.

Ellen disarmed her plate armor before reaching the barracks.

-Chulkuk

Ellen watched as the armor's seams unraveled of their own accord, floated through the air, and reassembled in its cradle.

This type of armor requires someone to help put it on and take it off, but the specially made silver plates did not.

"Whoa......."

The armor is designed to keep you as active as possible, but it can't help but be uncomfortable.

More than the actual discomfort, I was stifled by the gravity of the act of walking around in such fancy armor.



* * *



Ellen sat still, soaking in a bathtub in a tent that doubled as a bathroom.

A few times.

Ellen splashed hot water on her face.

Pressing her thumb and forefinger firmly into the corners of her eyes, Ellen takes a deep breath.

"Hah......."

Again and again.

"Hah......."

Again and again.

Several times a day, I feel like I'm going to suffocate under the pressure.

It's true that we're doing what we can.

I'm better than everyone else, I can do more than everyone else, and I'm actually carrying a heavier load than everyone else.

But people's expectations are too high and too big.

And the last thing they want to do is to do it with their own hands.

If you'd rather be dead.

If you disappear from the world.

If I die in the middle of a mission, I don't have to feel this way anymore.

Ellen thought about it dozens of times a day.

But he also knew that he wasn't allowed to do that.

Live.

Just knowing you're alive keeps people hopeful. You can't die.

If there's an end to be reached, you're alive until that moment.

Even if you don't know what to do with it.

It must be alive.

Ellen resolves.

A bleak future awaits, but it's only bleak for you.

For now, we need to finish the march.

Destroying a continent's warp gate can only be a good thing for the world, and it has to be done.

Until then.

What happens next is what happens next, and I'll think about it then.

"Hoooooo......."

Ellen takes a deep breath and somehow manages to calm her confused, dark mind.

Once she had calmed down enough, Ellen took a bath and changed into her new clothes.

When her hair was properly dried and she stepped out into the center of the barracks in a towel, Ellen couldn't help but be impressed.

"!"

Even though she was dressed properly, Ellen reflexively opened the collar of her shirt and looked at the unannounced visitor.

Ellen's tent is enchanted, so if you activate the lock, no one can enter. There have been some rude people who have tried to enter the barracks.

However, someone has entered his tent with the lock activated.

Someone in a robe, a little shorter, sat there as if waiting for Ellen.

"......who."

Feeling a sense of foreboding, Ellen immediately summoned Rafelt and Rament and pointed them at the mysterious figure.

But Ellen soon found herself gaping.

In-young, wearing a robe, removes his hood.

"It's been a while since....... in a while."

"Herriot......?"

Herriot de Saint-Ouen looked at Ellen with a sad expression on his face.



* * *



A few months earlier, Herriot and Ellen had crossed paths.

During the Demon's attack on the Zodiac, Ellen and Harriet made eye contact for the briefest of moments.

Of course, we didn't have a conversation.

Inside Ellen's tent.

Harriet looked at Ellen with a sad expression on her face.

Herriot came to her. Ellen recalled her laments, but they were facing each other with some distance between them.

They were friends.

After the events of Reinhardt's disappearance, Ellen and Harriet were able to call each other friends.

Herriot hated Reinhardt, but cried in the rain when he was gone.

Ellen thought Reinhardt was gone because she said something she couldn't say to him.

Together they went in search of the missing Reinhardt.

We became friends after that.

And now.

The two ended up in a strange relationship where they could not and would not call each other friends because of Reinhardt.

Ellen still doesn't know what Herriot's purpose is for coming to her.

However, they have the wrong idea.

Are we friends, yet.

Ellen kept her eyes down.

I'm not sure if Harriet is thinking the same thing, and I can't quite meet Ellen's eyes.

"I'm not in that situation, but......."

Herriot cautiously opens his mouth.

"Do you want to go for a walk?"

"......."

You've already cleaned up the surrounding area.

"Yes."

"I'll be waiting for you on the southern outskirts of the garrison."

Ellen nodded, and Herriot teleported away.



* * *



At Herriot's suggestion, Ellen ventured south of the garrison. There was no one to stop her.

On the southern outskirts, Harriet waited for Ellen in a moonlit clearing.

Herriot and Ellen walked through the moonlit fields.

The corpses of the monsters were strewn about.

After stationing there for a while, you take care of the monsters in the area and get your troops moving again. Arrive at the next destination, destroy the gate, and head to the next gate.

That's how the last of humanity's armies will move until the last gate is destroyed.

"Saying "how are you" is not a good time to say....... to say how are you."

Herriot smiled bitterly as he tried to rhyme, then realized it was a bit of a stretch.

Like Reinhardt, Herriot was out there somewhere, keeping an eye on the human world, including the ecliptic.

Ellen had a lot of questions. Where she'd been and what she'd been doing. How everyone was doing.

Somehow, some way, we're all getting along in this wretched world.

But Ellen couldn't bring herself to ask the question because she didn't think she was qualified to do so.

They walk for a while without talking.

The fact that you have to choose what to say to each other is already a sign that you've drifted too far apart.

You don't want anyone else to see you having this conversation.

Heriot may not be the devil, but he's hated just as much.

This coalition is the last and strongest army of mankind.

That's why the immediate garrison includes the Grand Duke of Saint-Tuan and his mages.

Ellen was somewhat aware of the situation of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, whose daughter had betrayed humanity, and who had been blindsided by the end of the war.

Although he was a brilliant wizard and had already achieved great things, his soldiers and commanders treated him as a quasi-spy, ready to betray the Grand Duke of Saint-Tuan at any moment.

Herriot would know that his father and his father's army were in that garrison.

"Our coworkers are....... How are you?"

Herriot asked about his peers, not his father.

Ellen's breath caught in her throat at the question.

So far, everyone, somehow, is safe.

But one person.

"Ashur is....... dead."

"ah......."

It wasn't a motivation that I would characterize as close to Ellen, or even to Harriet.

Class B, number 