Episode 300.





As the start time approached, everyone but the contestants and organizers had to leave the waiting room.

"It's the best I can do."

Leaving behind Conor Lint, who looked ridiculous in his wig and full makeup, Riana giggled and left the waiting room.

All that's left are about forty cross-dressing contestants.

Most of them looked like they were guilty of something. Of course, there were a few who were more than capable of cross-dressing.

Those who presumably have such a hobby.

With over 100,000 students at Temple, there's bound to be someone out there with a taste for it.

And someone who seems very dangerous and extraordinary.

Hooded entry number 40.

I was biting my nails at how anxious and nervous I was.

Kono Lint also realized that the situation sucked, but he wondered what was so disturbing about it.

If that's the case, what's the point of coming out?

Are you in the same situation as me?

"Okay, the competition is about to begin. Contestant number 40, please remove your hood."

"......."

The moderator came out and started to set up, but I didn't hear him, so I didn't know what to do.

"Take it off."

"......."

Eventually, Chae Geun was forced to take off his hood, and the other participants were speechless at the sight of him.

"......."

No.

That's a man?

They all had that look on their faces.

Entry #40 is completely unable to smile, but somehow manages a subtle forced smile with extreme effort.

"Are you sure you didn't go to ...... thinking it was Miss Temple?"

"Maybe......."

The participants seemed to know each other from the sidelines, and I almost wondered if Kono Lint wasn't real - in fact, it was more believable.

Yes, that's the only case.

It can't be a man with that face.

That's how I started to understand it.

Everyone was convinced that the pretty girl had sent her Miss Temple application to the wrong pageant, so when she got there, everyone assumed that she was in the middle of a bunch of weirdos and didn't know what to do.

I'm applying for the Miss Temple pageant, and the sight of cross-dressing men, and even Gurhan in a dress, is bound to cause panic!

I want to go out, but I'm too shy and embarrassed to do it!

Even though the organizers didn't say anything, everyone started to feel sympathy for the pretty girl who was blushing and stomping her feet (even though she wasn't).

Eventually, someone has to step up.

You don't belong here, and you need an escort to get you out of here.

The chivalry that was beginning to sprout in everyone's hearts was triggered first.

"Well, um. Big."

It was a human chariot in a dress.

"......?"

Entry number 24, a tall, sturdy human chariot. In a place where cross-dressers are mostly misfits, an overwhelmingly misfit has begun to approach a beautiful girl.

Conor Lindt was stunned.

"No! No one else knows, but you shouldn't!

That behemoth is too much of an eyesore to approach that frail, slender-looking girl.

A towering, all-muscled beast in a one-piece suit, made even more hideous by a blonde, long-haired wig, approaches the beautiful girl.

The girl stared blankly up at the hulking figure approaching her.

He doesn't say anything, but he's smiling sheepishly, the corners of his mouth twitching.

It's clear he's scared.

Konorint, even he was confident that he would froth and fall if a monster like that approached him in that manner.

But of course, the human tank, Richard Howleman, who thought he was being chivalrous and acting like a gentleman, was completely unconcerned with his appearance and smiled gently.

"Apparently, you picked the wrong contest to enter......."

"......?"

"This is, like, a cross-dressing contest. It's not a Miss Temple pageant."

I said it because I thought it would be cool, but it wasn't cool at all because of the situation, the outfit, and the fact that I was in a cross-dressing contest.

Naturally, all eyes are on her. The silver-haired girl's eyes rolled back in her head.

He wanted to say something, but didn't want to say anything, and his lips were moving nervously.

"Don't be intimidated. It's a simple event, so if you leave after giving a good explanation to the organizers, you can contact us at......."

The same thought is on everyone's mind.

That asshole. It's clear he thinks he's so cool.

Are you going to use your current gentleness and consideration as a weapon to find out what class the girl you're about to leave is from, and maybe even get her to promise to eat with you later?

The girl finally decided that silence was not enough to defeat the magical coven in front of her, and she spoke cautiously, her lips quivering.

"...... is a man......."

From the girl's mouth came an ambiguous aesthetic that made it hard to tell if she was male or female.

"Yes?"

Richard Howleman asked, puzzled, as if he must have misheard something.

Girl, no. Number 40, who identified herself as not a girl, bit her lip.

Of course, the girl is just angry at the abomination in front of her for not being able to recognize her words the first time.

Fuck off, asshole.

His actions were motivated by this, but in the eyes of others, they were merely an expression of vindictiveness toward those who were causing him trouble.

Pissed off and impatient.

Similar, but subtly different.

Everyone is just giving the poor creature the benefit of the doubt.

When that didn't work, entry #40 said tersely.

"That....... came to the right....... right."

"!"

Richard Howleman's face hardened, as did the faces of the others.

Sometimes it's hard to believe what you see.

I didn't believe it when I saw it, but now I've got confirmation.

That creature is.

It is claiming to be an entity that is biologically in the same category as them.

"No, no, no......."

Richard Howleman looked like he had just lost the love of his life right in front of him.

Looking as if his soul had been sucked out of him, the humanoid staggered back to his seat. But others, too, could not help but glance at entry number 40, whose face was flushed red and head bowed.

Forty times she bit her lip and said nothing, her face soaked with shame and embarrassment that red water dripped from her face.



* * *



-shoot

Shot.

I washed my hands in the restroom near the waiting area, with water running in the sink.

You can't wash your face, and you don't want to go potty.

I couldn't stay there because I felt like I was going to rip someone's head off.

Sickness.

I figured Kono Lint might be in the audience, but why the hell is he a participant, even looking like that?

My heart nearly dropped when I thought Riana, who was applying my makeup, would recognize me.

The first time I came, the organizers kept asking me if I was the person I signed up to be, or if I was someone else, and I had a hard time explaining it.

The good news is that my makeup and camouflage were perfect, so no one recognized me, and I was even told I was someone else.

That's why Kono Lint didn't recognize me, and even that human tank guy I played against in the tournament didn't recognize me. He even looked like he was trying to be nice to me.

No, not even close.

You mean to tell me that I look like an idiot for submitting my Miss Temple application to a cross-dressing contest?

-shoot

"Whoa......."

Real.

I'm going to lose my mind.

Be nervous.

If I relax and let my temper get the better of me, Kono Lint might recognize me.

That's a look only Reinhardt could make.

Oh, come to think of it?

It could be a crazy development.

Laugh.

I need to manage my facial expressions so that no one recognizes me by the time I'm done.

"Ew, ew, sin, sorry......!"

"......?"

"Huh? Here's a man's makeup....... Ah."

Even the tournament officials got confused and fell asleep when they saw me.

Fuck.

When something is too good to be true, it is.

You say you're overpaid.

I must have gone too far with this one.

And my entry number 40.

This is random.

There are only 40 participants.

Clearly, they chose me as number 40 on purpose. It's obvious.



* * *



A cross-dressing competition that's in a league of its own, if not the most anticipated.

-And without further ado, let's kick off the 8th annual Temple Sorority Pageant, hosted by the Temple Student Government Association!

It's been an annual cross-dressing competition for eight years.

While there wasn't the same overwhelming cheer as at the tournament, the room was packed in a rented auditorium for a regular class.

Some people were intrigued by the idea of such a weird competition, while others were there to see their friends' black marks on their lives as punishment.

There were no thunderous cheers, but there were plenty of people in the audience ready to laugh or watching with interest.

And there was a bunch of people from an Iranian class who had come to see Richard Howleman's black history.

And Liana de Granz, Heinrich von Schwarz, Erich de Lapaeri, and Kaier Bioden from the Royal Class, who came to watch the pageantry.

Four Royal Class students were there to observe the black history of Kono Lindt.

Heinrich asked, looking at Riana sitting next to him.

"Did it go well?"

"Well, in what sense?"

When the guy who said I was falling into my trap, that I was the only one, got caught, everyone cheered. Everyone was looking forward to seeing what kind of weirdness Kono Lint would come up with.

Erich asked, looking at Liana.

"But how many times is he?"

Riana giggled at the question and looked at Erich.

"One."

"Eek."

"Quack."

They couldn't believe their ears when they heard that they were the first to bat in this hellish competition. They can only imagine the look on Kono Lindt's face right now.

-Come on, we've got a lot of great contestants this time, and we're going to introduce you to the first contestant in the highly anticipated cross-dressing competition!

The moderator had a lot of tension in this bizarre competition.

-Royal Class First Year! I'd like to introduce Konorint-kun! Please welcome him with thunderous applause!

It wasn't thunderous, but the word "royal class" brought a round of applause.

"Ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Liana de Granz squealed and clapped, somehow more excited than when she was watching the tournament.

You'd think this would be the kind of thing a duchess would be honored for, but even the kids who didn't know her well knew that Liana de Granz was a great person who had nothing to do with that.

The Ganodab trio, now joined by one more, but they were fed up with Riana.

I can't believe they get so worked up over other people's misfortunes, even though they are the same way themselves.

'devilish.......'

Everyone, with that thought running through your head.

The first batter with a sour face. Kono Lindt was walking up to the stage.

Riana's makeup was perfect.

The outfit choice was perfect.

The wig selection wasn't bad, either.

"Poof!"

"Kitchen!"

"What the hell!"

However, there were a few flaws in the hangers.

Between the four of us, I can see why the cross-dressing contest has been going on for eight years now, despite its odd title.

I don't know what else, but it was funny.

-Mr. Lint, you're a Royal Class student, right?

-Yes.

-It's really cute, and it's okay to be confident.

-.......

The moderator glared at Kono Lint as if to say, "Don't give a fuck.

-Oops, my bad, I meant the clothes are cute, not Mr. Lint.

-Ah.

Lint's face fell at the emcee's words, and the audience erupted in laughter. This is what a cross-dressing contest is supposed to be about: a contestant who's in it for the wrong reasons, and a moderator who's gently scratching him.

-Did you do your own makeup?

-......No. If your friend is.......

-A friend? Someone who's watching right now, obviously? You're really good at this. Who is it? Can you raise your hand?

At that, Riana, who was watching from the audience, raised her hand. She didn't seem embarrassed by the attention.

Upon seeing Riana, the moderator looked back and forth between Konorint and Riana.

-Oh, you're a woman, is that your girlfriend?

"Aaaahhhhhhh, no way!"

A look of extreme dislike flashed across Riana's face, and once again the audience erupted in laughter.

The Ganodab brothers stared at her like she was some kind of monster.

I've gotten to the point where I can't stand George, the man.

-You deny it vehemently. Mr. Lint, are you hurt?

-Ah, no, no! Why would I be hurt!

Conor Lint, who admitted he was hurt by the vehement denials, was dying by the minute.

-Why did the Royal Class have a cross-dressing contest?

-Isn't it like the other kids, like a penalty or something?

-They play the same way we do? I don't think so.......

While his demonic classmates in Royal Class were busy scoffing, the audience's reaction was a little different.

For starters, Kono Lint comes with a royalty premium.

Even in a temple with nearly 100,000 students, there are only about a hundred people in the royal class. So when you hear the word "royal class," there's something you have to eat to get in.

The perception of the Royal Class is firmly ingrained in the minds of most regular class students that they are an untouchable elite and arrogant bunch.

So, the guy in front of me in the ridiculous cross-dressing who's trying to figure out what to do is Royal Class?

Somehow, the royal class student, whom you usually think of as a sky-high figure, becomes approachable.

With that royal class premium attached.

-Hey, isn't she cute?

-Response.

The reaction of female students was a little different.

Kono Lint doesn't fall into the handsome category by any stretch of the imagination, but he does deserve to be called cute.

Add to that Riana de Granz's makeup, and you've got yourself a pretty girl, if not a cute one. Of course, the boys would disagree, but there were plenty of girls who found Kono Lint's shyness a bit cute.

-Cute!

-You're cute!

The secondary school girls were throwing their hands up in the air and giggling, and Kono Lint's eyes were glazed over because he didn't know what he was getting himself into.

After a few more questions, the moderator moved on to the big question.

-Konorint-kun is supposed to be a psychic, by the way.

-Ohh.......

Superpowers.

People know they exist, but very few people have seen them. Even in the temple, there are royal class students and psychics.

No matter how much we know about psychic powers, they're still a foreign concept to most people. So it's no wonder that the idea of a royal class student dressed in a funny costume is so exciting.

I didn't just lie and say it was random and then put Kono Lint at 1 and Reinhardt at 40.

At the mention of superpowers, Kono Rint and the other Royal Class boys stiffened.

-I don't think you've decided what you're going to do during your appeal anyway, so why not show us what your superpower is? Teleportation, that's cool!

-!

-Ohhhhh!

Those in the know know.

Conor Lindt's superpower is not something that can be shown to the public.

Of course, the penalty is now somewhat offset by.......

Still, you can only go as far as your underwear.

-Ah, no, no, no, no!

Conor Lindt's desperate cries could be heard.

The boys stood gaping at the prospect of nearly squaring the black history of Kono Lindt.

Riana's mouth hung open in disbelief. If she'd been a little more mesmerized, she might have said, "Show me, show me, show me," but she was still keeping her wits about her.

But.

Some people don't know the full story here.

-show me!

Starting with someone shouting.

-Show me! Show me!

We were all eager to see the psychic demonstrate his powers.

"This, this....... What?"

Riana looked at Heinrich and mumbled something incoherent.

"Well, yeah......."

Even though it's a cono lint that fell into the trap I sold.

For once, it was a close call.





