Episode 300.





As the start time approached, everyone but the contestants and organizers had to leave the waiting room.

"It's the best I can do."

Leaving behind Conor Lint, who looked ridiculous in his wig and full makeup, Riana giggled and left the waiting room.

All that's left are about forty cross-dressing contestants.

Most of them looked like they were guilty of something. Of course, there were a few who were more than capable of cross-dressing.

Those who presumably have such a hobby.

With over 100,000 students at Temple, there's bound to be someone out there with a taste for it.

And someone who seems very dangerous and extraordinary.

Hooded entry number 40.

I was biting my nails at how anxious and nervous I was.

Kono Lint also realized that the situation sucked, but he wondered what was so disturbing about it.

If that's the case, what's the point of coming out?

Are you in the same situation as me?

"Okay, the competition is about to begin. Contestant number 40, please remove your hood."

"......."

The moderator came out and started to set up, but I didn't hear him, so I didn't know what to do.

"Take it off."

"......."

Eventually, Chae Geun was forced to take off his hood, and the other participants were speechless at the sight of him.

"......."

No.

That's a man?

They all had that look on their faces.

Entry #40 is completely unable to smile, but somehow manages a subtle forced smile with extreme effort.

"Are you sure you didn't go to ...... thinking it was Miss Temple?"

"Maybe......."

The participants seemed to know each other from the sidelines, and I almost wondered if Kono Lint wasn't real - in fact, it was more believable.

Yes, that's the only case.

It can't be a man with that face.

That's how I started to understand it.

Everyone was convinced that the pretty girl had sent her Miss Temple application to the wrong pageant, so when she got there, everyone assumed that she was in the middle of a bunch of weirdos and didn't know what to do.

I'm applying for the Miss Temple pageant, and the sight of cross-dressing men, and even Gurhan in a dress, is bound to cause panic!

I want to go out, but I'm too shy and embarrassed to do it!

Even though the organizers didn't say anything, everyone started to feel sympathy for the pretty girl who was blushing and stomping her feet (even though she wasn't).

Eventually, someone has to step up.

You don't belong here, and you need an escort to get you out of here.

The chivalry that was beginning to sprout in everyone's hearts was triggered first.

"Well, um. Big."

It was a human chariot in a dress.

"......?"

Entry number 24, a tall, sturdy human chariot. In a place where cross-dressers are mostly misfits, an overwhelmingly misfit has begun to approach a beautiful girl.

Conor Lindt was stunned.

"No! No one else knows, but you shouldn't!

That behemoth is too much of an eyesore to approach that frail, slender-looking girl.

A towering, all-muscled beast in a one-piece suit, made even more hideous by a blonde, long-haired wig, approaches the beautiful girl.

The girl stared blankly up at the hulking figure approaching her.

He doesn't say anything, but he's smiling sheepishly, the corners of his mouth twitching.

It's clear he's scared.

Konorint, even he was confident that he would froth and fall if a monster like that approached him in that manner.

But of course, the human tank, Richard Howleman, who thought he was being chivalrous and acting like a gentleman, was completely unconcerned with his appearance and smiled gently.

"Apparently, you picked the wrong contest to enter......."

"......?"

"This is, like, a cross-dressing contest. It's not a Miss Temple pageant."

I said it because I thought it would be cool, but it wasn't cool at all because of the situation, the outfit, and the fact that I was in a cross-dressing contest.

Naturally, all eyes are on her. The silver-haired girl's eyes rolled back in her head.

He wanted to say something, but didn't want to say anything, and his lips were moving nervously.

"Don't be intimidated. It's a simple event, so if you leave after giving a good explanation to the organizers, you can contact us at......."

The same thought is on everyone's mind.

That asshole. It's clear he thinks he's so cool.

Are you going to use your current gentleness and consideration as a weapon to find out what class the girl you're about to leave is from, and maybe even get her to promise to eat with you later?

The girl finally decided that silence was not enough to defeat the magical coven in front of her, and she spoke cautiously, her lips quivering.

"...... is a man......."

From the girl's mouth came an ambiguous aesthetic that made it hard to tell if she was male or female.

"Yes?"

Richard Howleman asked, puzzled, as if he must have misheard something.

Girl, no. Number 40, who identified herself as not a girl, bit her lip.

Of course, the girl is just angry at the abomination in front of her for not being able to recognize her words the first time.

Fuck off, asshole.

His actions were motivated by this, but in the eyes of others, they were merely an expression of vindictiveness toward those who were causing him trouble.

Pissed off and impatient.

Similar, but subtly different.

Everyone is just giving the poor creature the benefit of the doubt.

When that didn't work, entry #40 said tersely.

"That....... came to the right....... right."

"!"

Richard Howleman's face hardened, as did the faces of the others.

Sometimes it's hard to believe what you see.

I didn't believe it when I saw it, but now I've got confirmation.

That creature is.

It is claiming to be an entity that is biologically in the same category as them.

"No, no, no......."

Richard Howleman looked like he had just lost the love of his life right in front of him.

Looking as if his soul had been sucked out of him, the humanoid staggered back to his seat. But others, too, could not help but glance at entry number 40, whose face was flushed red and head bowed.

Forty times she bit her lip and said nothing, her face soaked with shame and embarrassment that red water dripped from her face.



* * *



-shoot

Shot.

I washed my hands in the restroom near the waiting area, with water running in the sink.

You can't wash your face, and you don't want to go potty.

I couldn't stay there because I felt like I was going to rip someone's head off.

Sickness.

I figured Kono Lint might be in the audience, but why the hell is he a participant, even looking like that?

My heart nearly dropped when I thought Riana, who was applying my makeup, would recognize me.

The first time I came, the organizers kept asking me if I was the person I signed up to be, or if I was someone else, and I had a hard time explaining it.

The good news is that my makeup and camouflage were perfect, so no one recognized me, and I was even told I was someone else.

That's why Kono Lint didn't recognize me, and even that human tank guy I played against in the tournament didn't recognize me. He even looked like he was trying to be nice to me.

No, not even close.

You mean to tell me that I look like an idiot for submitting my Miss Temple application to a cross-dressing contest?

-shoot

"Whoa......."

Real.

I'm going to lose my mind.

Be nervous.

If I relax and let my temper get the better of me, Kono Lint might recognize me.

That's a look only Reinhardt could make.

Oh, come to think of it?

It could be a crazy development.

Laugh.

I need to manage my facial expressions so that no one recognizes me by the time I'm done.

"Ew, ew, sin, sorry......!"

"......?"

"Huh? Here's a man's makeup....... Ah."

Even the tournament officials got confused and fell asleep when they saw me.

Fuck.

When something is too good to be true, it is.

You say you're overpaid.

I must have gone too far with this one.

And my entry number 40.

This is random.

There are only 40 participants.

Clearly, they chose me as number 40 on purpose. It's obvious.



* * *



A cross-dressing competition that's in a league of its own, if not the most anticipated.

-And without further ado, let's kick off the 8th annual Temple Sorority Pageant, hosted by the Temple Student Government Association!

It's been an annual cross-dressing competition for eight years.

While there wasn't the same overwhelming cheer as at the tournament, the room was packed in a rented auditorium for a regular class.

Some people were intrigued by the idea of such a weird competition, while others were there to see their friends' black marks on their lives as punishment.

There were no thunderous cheers, but there were plenty of people in the audience ready to laugh or watching with interest.

And there was a bunch of people from an Iranian class who had come to see Richard Howleman's black history.

And Liana de Granz, Heinrich von Schwarz, Erich de Lapaeri, and Kaier Bioden from the Royal Class, who came to watch the pageantry.

Four Royal Class students were there to observe the black history of Kono Lindt.

Heinrich asked, looking at Riana sitting next to him.

"Did it go well?"

"Well, in what sense?"

When the guy who said I was falling into my trap, that I was the only one, got caught, everyone cheered. Everyone was looking forward to seeing what kind of weirdness Kono Lint would come up with.

Erich asked, looking at Liana.

"But how many times is he?"

Riana giggled at the question and looked at Erich.

"One."

"Eek."

"Quack."

They couldn't believe their ears when they heard that they were the first to bat in this hellish competition. They can only imagine the look on Kono Lindt's face right now.

-Come on, we've got a lot of great contestants this time, and we're going to introduce you to the first contestant in the highly anticipated cross-dressing competition!

The moderator had a lot of tension in this bizarre competition.

-Royal Class First Year! I'd like to introduce Konorint-kun! Please welcome him with thunderous applause!

It wasn't thunderous, but the word "royal class" brought a round of applause.

"Ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Liana de Granz squealed and clapped, somehow more excited than when she was watching the tournament.

You'd think this would be the kind of thing a duchess would be honored for, but even the kids who didn't know her well knew that Liana de Granz was a great person who had nothing to do with that.

The Ganodab trio, now joined by one more, but they were fed up with Riana.

I can't believe they get so worked up over other people's misfortunes, even though they are the same way themselves.

'devilish.......'

Everyone, with that thought running through your head.

The first batter with a sour face. Kono Lindt was walking up to the stage.

Riana's makeup was perfect.

The outfit choice was perfect.

The wig selection wasn't bad, either.

"Poof!"

"Kitchen!"

"What the hell!"

However, there were a few flaws in the hangers.

Between the four of us, I can see why the cross-dressing contest has been going on for eight years now, despite its odd title.

I don't know what else, but it was funny.

-Mr. Lint, you're a Royal Class student, right?

-Yes.

-It's really cute, and it's okay to be confident.

-.......

The moderator glared at Kono Lint as if to say, "Don't give a fuck.

-Oops, my bad, I meant the clothes are cute, not Mr. Lint.

-Ah.

Lint's face fell at the emcee's words, and the audience erupted in laughter. This is what a cross-dressing contest is supposed to be about: a contestant who's in it for the wrong reasons, and a moderator who's gently scratching him.

-Did you do your own makeup?

-......No. If your friend is.......

-A friend? Someone who's watching right now, obviously? You're really good at this. Who is it? Can you raise your hand?

At that, Riana, who was watching from the audience, raised her hand. She didn't seem embarrassed by the attention.

Upon seeing Riana, the moderator looked back and forth between Konorint and Riana.

-Oh, you're a woman, is that your girlfriend?

"Aaaahhhhhhh, no way!"

A look of extreme dislike flashed across Riana's face, and once again the audience erupted in laughter.

The Ganodab brothers stared at her like she was some kind of monster.

I've gotten to the point where I can't stand George, the man.

-You deny it vehemently. Mr. Lint, are you hurt?

-Ah, no, no! Why would I be hurt!

Conor Lint, who admitted he was hurt by the vehement denials, was dying by the minute.

-Why did the Royal Class have a cross-dressing contest?

-Isn't it like the other kids, like a penalty or something?

-They play the same way we do? I don't think so.......

While his demonic classmates in Royal Class were busy scoffing, the audience's reaction was a little different.

For starters, Kono Lint comes with a royalty premium.

Even in a temple with nearly 100,000 students, there are only about a hundred people in the royal class. So when you hear the word "royal class," there's something you have to eat to get in.

The perception of the Royal Class is firmly ingrained in the minds of most regular class students that they are an untouchable elite and arrogant bunch.

So, the guy in front of me in the ridiculous cross-dressing who's trying to figure out what to do is Royal Class?

Somehow, the royal class student, whom you usually think of as a sky-high figure, becomes approachable.

With that royal class premium attached.

-Hey, isn't she cute?

-Response.

The reaction of female students was a little different.

Kono Lint doesn't fall into the handsome category by any stretch of the imagination, but he does deserve to be called cute.

Add to that Riana de Granz's makeup, and you've got yourself a pretty girl, if not a cute one. Of course, the boys would disagree, but there were plenty of girls who found Kono Lint's shyness a bit cute.

-Cute!

-You're cute!

The secondary school girls were throwing their hands up in the air and giggling, and Kono Lint's eyes were glazed over because he didn't know what he was getting himself into.

After a few more questions, the moderator moved on to the big question.

-Konorint-kun is supposed to be a psychic, by the way.

-Ohh.......

Superpowers.

People know they exist, but very few people have seen them. Even in the temple, there are royal class students and psychics.

No matter how much we know about psychic powers, they're still a foreign concept to most people. So it's no wonder that the idea of a royal class student dressed in a funny costume is so exciting.

I didn't just lie and say it was random and then put Kono Lint at 1 and Reinhardt at 40.

At the mention of superpowers, Kono Rint and the other Royal Class boys stiffened.

-I don't think you've decided what you're going to do during your appeal anyway, so why not show us what your superpower is? Teleportation, that's cool!

-!

-Ohhhhh!

Those in the know know.

Conor Lindt's superpower is not something that can be shown to the public.

Of course, the penalty is now somewhat offset by.......

Still, you can only go as far as your underwear.

-Ah, no, no, no, no!

Conor Lindt's desperate cries could be heard.

The boys stood gaping at the prospect of nearly squaring the black history of Kono Lindt.

Riana's mouth hung open in disbelief. If she'd been a little more mesmerized, she might have said, "Show me, show me, show me," but she was still keeping her wits about her.

But.

Some people don't know the full story here.

-show me!

Starting with someone shouting.

-Show me! Show me!

We were all eager to see the psychic demonstrate his powers.

"This, this....... What?"

Riana looked at Heinrich and mumbled something incoherent.

"Well, yeah......."

Even though it's a cono lint that fell into the trap I sold.

For once, it was a close call.





第 301页





Cannot be shown.

-Show me! Show me!

Kono Rint wanted to bite his tongue and die as he listened to the cries of the people in front of him.

"Do something stupid!

The moderator had no idea what to make of the superpower, but assumed it must be something special, and the audience was on the edge of their seats, eager to see what Royal Class had in store for them: teleportation.

If I suddenly teleported out of this spot in my underwear, this pageant venue would be a mess at worst and a laughingstock at best.

Your abilities are deeply flawed. So you can't show it.

I have to say that. I'm already embarrassed to be in public like this, and I don't want to do anything more embarrassing.

Because while people might want to see a skillful teleportation show, what they're really going to see is a very dangerous picture of a pervert in nothing but panties teleporting from bronze to bronze!

Just like that.

I have to say.

-Show me! Show me!

Conor Lint hears a cry directed at him, sees a gaze directed at him.

Even though you're standing here looking like this, you see their eyes on you.

It's an envious gaze.

It's a stare that Kono Lint has never received before.

The subtle jealousy, envy, and envy of those who are seen as royalty.

The boy has never been through it.

It's long since been stigmatized within the royal class as the same ability.

-Dude, that's awesome!

-Soon we'll be able to move the top with it, right?

-He, Chu, congratulations Lint.......

When I was able to move my underwear with me, my fellow psychic colleagues rejoiced.

It's the kind of pathetic ability that gets cheered and praised just for being less pathetic.

I don't think I'd ever be able to do what Reinhardt did, which is to travel around and do all these crazy things.

Or awakening superpowers while fighting a senior.

You're back from doing something crazy in Darkland.

Or awakening a magical enhancement at the end of a fight.

You win the first grade tournament with aplomb.

That kind of thing.

It's not your job to do things that make people's jaws drop.

But now, they're looking at themselves.

Just because they're royalty, just because they're superpowered.

Some people even said it was cute.

The first attention I've ever gotten in my life. What if I told them that they couldn't use their powers because they would strip them naked.

There's a useless guy like that in the Royal Class.

I wonder if that's going to change.

It was painful to imagine their excited stares turning to cold ones.

Useless abilities.

No, it's an awesome ability, but one that has too many critical flaws to be practical.

How long does it have to be like this?

Waiting to see what we can move with underwear next, and being happy with the small progress we've made.

I wonder, when am I ever going to be useful?

Kono Lint felt the cries of the people were distant. The moderator's chaegun also sounded like a distant echo.

With so many people in the spotlight, Kono Lint feels rather alone.

I don't want to be like Reinhardt.

He chooses to do things that are as dangerous as they are accomplished.

I don't want to live like that. I don't think I could.

However, I don't want to have to hunt and peck for risks like that dude with the stupidly handsome twin plates.

A little bit, though.

Like the world is being strangely generous to him.

Maybe I'm being a little generous.

How long do I have to go through life with these same powers, introducing myself as a psychic, but never being able to show it to anyone.

If Reinhardt taught me anything, it's this.

Recklessness sometimes has consequences.

Recklessness doesn't necessarily lead to failure.

Me too.

The world has something for you, too.

And I know that it's not going to be in my hands unless I try.

If a tree has fruit on it, and I don't take the risk of climbing the tree, the fruit will never be mine.

-show me!

Kono Lint brings us back to reality after a short but long hiatus.

The boy decided to do something.

His royal classmates, who had been sneering at him, were turning white. They had read something in the boy's determined expression.

-No! No!

Especially Riana de Granz, who was having the most fun so far, shaking her head in disbelief. While a moderate amount of embarrassment passes for humor, Riana is still not a naturally evil person.

The child is about to cross a river of no return, and you desperately try to stop him.

"No.

But Lint is no longer listening to anyone else.

I decided to do it.

Sometimes you have to move forward, even if it means failing.

-show me your brother!

It's not because of the squeaky-clean middle school girl in the front seat.

"Mr. Lindt, if you find the demonstration difficult, you can show me something else......."

And it's not because of the moderator who sits on the sidelines.

-show me!

And it's not because of the shouts of envy in the eyes of so many.

-Don't do it!

It's not for anyone.

Self.

You're tired of the stagnation and you're sick of yourself.

So, even though you can't live like Reinhardt, you decide to emulate the way he's done things in the past.

There is a point of no return, and that point is now.

Push yourself to the edge, and take the next step.

If it fails, it sucks.

If you succeed, you won't have to live on pennies anymore.

There is no more extreme situation than this.

Because I have to, I will.

"Something, let me show you."

-Waaaaaah!

Kono Lint, in her dress, strained her eyeballs.

I will complete my teleportation by moving my clothes along with me, and now I am truly on my way to becoming a psychic.

The coordinates to move are to the right of the stage.

The ability itself is easy to use.

I just can't figure out how to overcome the penalty.

I still don't know, but I'm determined to realize the extremes of teleportation in extreme situations.

"Suck!"

Kono Lindt clasped his hands together.

-pot!

-Oh!

In a flash.

A hush fell over the auditorium.

Kono Lint has successfully teleported.

-Urr......?

The audience was stunned.

"To......?"

The moderator was stunned.

-u......?

-What, what......?

And the royal classmates watching the scene were equally stunned-not by the predictable side effects, but by the sheer shock of seeing something so unexpected.

"......?"

And Kono Lint, who was present, was equally dumbfounded.

Clearly, Conor Lindt has succeeded in teleporting.

But his body was still there, right where he was.

It's the clothes that have been moved.

Kono Lint had all of his clothes, except his underwear, moved to the right side of the stage.

Conor Lindt was stunned.

So did my classmates.

ConoLint's capabilities have evolved.

What's happening now is ridiculous. That's why those in the know know that Kono Lint's capabilities have gone beyond quantum leaps and bounds to create something close to a miracle.

"Sue, did you know that teleportation is....... like this?"

"Uh, that, that....... Uh, no."

However, people, including the moderators, can't help but think that this is what Kono Lint's teleportation ability is supposed to do.

You didn't move yourself, you moved the clothes you were wearing.

Kono Lint has achieved miraculous ability growth.

-꺄아아아악!

But.

The end result was the same as if I were suddenly naked except for my panties.



* * *



-Well, that was entry number one, Konorint-kun!

Kono Lint fled to the back of the stage, and it took a while for the confusion of the students and audience, who were caught off guard by the suddenness of the situation, to settle down.

"What did I....... What did I just see......?"

Liana de Granz muttered, frozen in place.

This was partly due to Kono Lint's sudden underwear breeze, but also, of course, to the fact that he was using an ability unlike any other.

Heinrich, Caierdo, and Erich were equally baffled.

People don't know Lint, so it's inevitable that they're going to be stunned and dumbfounded. Because teleportation doesn't necessarily mean you're moving.

To those in the know, however, Kono Lint's success in sending objects, when all he had ever done was move his own body, was astonishing.

While the result is a ridiculous shifting of clothes, it's safe to say that the ability itself has evolved by leaps and bounds.

Some of the people who didn't know the truth looked like they had thrown up their hands in disbelief, while others thought it was cute to see Kono Lint running away in panic.

But the four who knew the truth were speechless for a while, their mouths hanging open.



* * *



-And that brings us to our next two contestants!

The moderator began to move the contest forward to clear up the confusion.

The four of them were there to see the ridiculousness of Cono Lint in the first place, so there was no point in sticking around now that it was over.

Of course, after all the contestants have introduced themselves, there's still the voting process to determine the winner. But that's enough for now.

Despite the shocking results, the important work is done and there's no reason to stay.

But the Royal Class Four, as well as others, didn't get a seat easily.

-What have you prepared for your appeal time?

-Let me show you the dance.

The contestants' antics were hilarious and kept me watching. Some of them were punished and some of them were voluntary, but they were all pretty funny in their own way.

"Hey, what is that? What is that?"

"Ack! Ack! If it's funny, it's funny, don't hit me!"

After the shock of Kono Lindt's revelation, Riana laughed, patting Erich de Lapaeri, who sat next to her.

"No, you're going to have to shave some leg hair, ahhh!"

Riana laughs as she slaps the person next to her.

"This is crazy....... Oh, my stomach hurts."

I've seen dancing, singing, and out-of-the-blue defeats for appeals.

When a cross-dressing music major nailed a soaring baritone solo, everyone clapped along.

After a few minutes of this cross-dressing contest, Riana clapped her hands as if she'd remembered something.

"Right!"

"Well, what's the point of....... You gonna hit me again?"

Erich flinched as Riana's eyes lit up as if she'd just remembered something.

"That's right! That's right! You know what!"

-pakpakpak!

Sure enough, he did it again.

"Oh, why does it keep hitting me......."

Liana pats Erich on the shoulder a few times, then looks at the Ganodab triplets and says, "You're right.

"There was a weird kid in the waiting room earlier."

"Weird kid?"

Erich asked, and Kai'er's expression turned strange.

"If any of the kids there don't look weird, that would be even weirder......?"

That's true, too.

In a waiting room full of cross-dressers, it's even weirder when you're the only one who isn't weird, because where there are weirdos, you're weird.

"No, there was a pretty girl in the back?"

Riana hesitated, then settled on a harsh phrase.

"......?"

"......?"

"......?"

I'd even go so far as to say that Riana is a stunningly pretty girl.

Of course, being the place that it is, it must be a man. Riana shook her head, remembering the weird kid she'd forgotten about in her shock earlier.

"I think it was 40 or something."

Riana was going to stay until then, if only out of curiosity, and the rest of her classmates were curious, too.

To what extent?

I'm just curious.

If a man cross-dresses and looks that good, what are you going to do?

None of the three understood why they were sitting there, but they didn't leave.

-All right, I give you entry number 24, Mr. Richard Howleman!

"......."

"......."

"......."

The appearance of the two-meter-plus dress made everyone want to cover their own eyes, and the moderator was freaking out.

"......I want to get out."

The corner of Riana's mouth twitched slightly, as if she'd seen him earlier but hadn't noticed.

-Uh hmm, big. Um....... ugh. Mmm. Uh, yeah. Ah.

It would be even worse if the muscular hunk was blushing and crossing her legs while tugging at the hem of her dress.

After a hilarious exchange between a broken moderator and an embarrassed cross-dresser, the moderator decided it was time to move on and went straight to the appeal.

-What have you prepared for your appeal?

-squat, let me show you.

Everyone watched in bewilderment as the humanoid suddenly demonstrated a high-weight squat in a one-piece.

It was ugly in a lot of ways, so there were a lot of escapees from that part.

Amidst the cheers and laughter, the cross-dressing contest was coming to a close.

-And now, the eighth edition of the highly anticipated crossdressing competition is down to its final contestant. A final contestant who is sure to surprise you in more ways than one. We can't reveal her real name because she's requested identity protection, but entry number 40, please come forward!

The 40 John Doe entries weren't the only ones, as there were quite a few who kept their class and name a secret.

Riana had already seen it once, and the other three onlookers were curious to see what it was like, given what she had said.

The last such participant.

John Doe #40 slowly walked onto the stage.

-with.......

The audience's reaction to contestant #40 walking out under the spotlight was a stunned gasp.





"What, what is......?"

"No......."

"What......?"

The reactions of the Royal Class students weren't much different. Even Riana, who had already seen it once, was frozen in place, staring blankly at number 40.

Silver hair that glistened in the light. It's a wig, of course, but the hair is so vibrant for a wig that it almost looks like her own hair.

Golden eyes, seductive full pink lips, a fine jawline and forehead, and a clean, slender white neckline.

She had slender shoulders and a perfect waist, although it was hidden by the hem of the dress.

There he was, smiling a gentle, kindly smile.

So the same question is bound to be on everyone's mind.

That's a man?

That's a lie.

-He, he....... I hate to break it to you, but....... Are you a cross-dressing contestant?

-Yes.

There, a neutral, subtle minor.

Rather than cheering or exclaiming, everyone was frozen in place. One of those "does this make sense?" moments.

-You asked to keep your identity secret, is there a reason?

For a moment, his face cracked as if a needle could fit through it. Number 40 quickly regained his expression.

-......Well, everyone has secrets.

-I see....... Do you usually dress like this?

-.......

At the moderator's provocative words, Number 40 stared at the moderator for a moment.

Everyone has just sensed a fleeting glimpse of No. 40's true expression, but no one has seen it clearly. Quickly recovering his smile, Number 40 smirks and says, "I'm sorry.

-No, not at all.

-You mean this is your first time?

-Yes.

It looks fine, but people are watching.

Her expression was as nonchalant as a steel wall, but Number 40 was now clutching the hem of her dress.

It was clear that he was very nervous. His face was getting redder and redder, and it was clear that he was very embarrassed about the situation.





