Episode 302.





-Why did you enter the cross-dressing contest in the first place?

-money.

-Ah, the prize. Yeah, you can do that.

The moderator kept asking me awkward questions, which I answered like I was fine with for the 40th time, but the longer he kept asking, the tighter his grip on my dress became.

After 40 times of embarrassment and shame, people's faces get weirder and weirder.

In fact, that's not much different from the behavior of the previous 24 humanoids. No, it's exactly the same.

But people who are nauseated by the same behavior 24 times are mesmerized by the same behavior 40 times.

It's cute, so maybe it works anyway?

Same.

Dangerous ideas are getting into people's heads.

-So, what are you going to do with your winnings this time? Buy another dress or......?

-.......

Of course, the moderator didn't stop being a jerk. The 40 awkward smiles of embarrassment were enough to make people sympathetic.

-Stop harassing me!

-Yes! Stop it!

-Ask me a normal question!

Eventually, people started to criticize the moderator for embarrassing 40. People had gotten to the point where they were emotionally invested in 40.

-Oops, that was a bit harsh, I apologize.

-No, thank you.

The moderator asked her about her daily life and hobbies, and once the nasty questions were out of the way, the silver-haired participant answered with a nonchalant expression.

It was the usual question-and-answer period, but people were starting to find themselves wishing this last segment wouldn't end so soon.

"......, I don't think I should look any further."

Erich muttered to himself.

You start to realize that you're about to take a dangerous step.

"......Yes."

"......."

The other two boys weren't much different.

Normally, Riana would have given her a disdainful glance, but this time she couldn't resist.

"Why do I get jealous when I see a man?"

Riana mumbled something along those lines.

-Okay, so now we're going to slip in an appeal to.......

-Later!

-You're doing it too fast!

People even tried to stop the moderator from proceeding.

Number 40 just laughed and said "ahhhhh" as if he was embarrassed by the audience's behavior, but it was adding fuel to the fire that shouldn't have been added.

-Well, it looks like you, #40, have come to exert an enormous influence on the tastes of a lot of people.

-He....... Sorry.......

-No, you don't need to apologize, but we can't drag this out forever, we have votes and the contest needs to wrap up soon. So, what do you have for your appeal?

In the end, the moderator didn't give #40 any more time.

-I will sing.

There was nothing new about it because everyone else was doing it. Of course, we didn't have any accompaniment, so everybody just did it unaccompanied or brought their instruments.

Singing is a common talent show, but everyone's eyes lit up when they heard that contestant #40, who seemed to have a lot of secrets, was going to sing.

-What song is this?

-It's my own composition.

-Oh, it's self-written, are you a music major?

As if trying to pry, No. 40 gave me a subtle smile.

-What?

Blah, blah, blah.

Number 40 sang during the appeal.

And everyone was stunned by the beautifully sung song.

It was the lyrics and melody of a song about a beanstalk hawk that I had never heard before.

Introducing myself, the song is called Chilgapsan.

It was bizarre and weird, but in many ways it was shocking because the style was completely unheard of in the zodiacal culture.



* * *



After all the participants introduced themselves, it was time to vote.

Forty contestants took the stage once again.

Everyone from No. 1 Kono Lint, who put on a silly underwear show but had a shocking evolution of abilities underneath, to No. 40, a mysterious contestant who looked like she could go straight to Miss Temple.

The results were obvious without looking.

Everyone just stares blankly for 40 seconds.

The more I look, the redder my face gets, and the more I realize that pathetic participant #40 is twitching the corners of his mouth trying to keep a smile on his face.

The sight of a man on the verge of insanity, unable to bear his own shame, is bound to set people's hearts on fire.

Sure, the song was a little out of place in the ecliptic, but isn't there a magic formula for this kind of situation?

Four dimensions.

So even if you do something weird 40 times, it's understood that it has its own charm.

"Really....... I guess he didn't want to come out."

Whether you think it looks good or not, you can't help but agree that contestant #40 is really, really struggling to get through this.

Why you're here when you don't want to be.

"But....... I wondered how much money I'd need, so I went to......."

Money.

People can only assume that contestant #40 really needs the prize money. People start gossiping and speculating amongst themselves.

"I don't know who he is, but he must be very handsome to begin with, so shouldn't he be on Mr. Temple?"

"Just in case, Mr. Temple is out too."

"Oh, right."

If you win the cross-dressing contest and also win Mr. Temple, you get double the prize money.

It unites all the spectators who have come to watch the competition.

Men wonder what the hell he looks like in the first place.

Women, on the other hand, wonder how handsome he really is.

If you're in a pageant because you're broke, you're going to be in Mr. Temple.

If you go to the Mr. Temple contest, you're bound to come away with the conclusion that you might know who this guy is.

In the midst of all the chatter, the Royal Class students were alternately staring at Kono Lint and number 40.

While the embarrassing underwear show from episode one seems to have been forgotten, Kono Lint was both embarrassed and appalled.

Kono Lint is both embarrassed and elated by this situation. I give my friends the "hey guys, I did it" look, but they just stare back 40 times.

"Hey, by the way."

"What."

Erich de Lapaeri thuds his shin into the meat of Kaier's side.

"Hey, don't you think he keeps looking at me?"

Erich is referring to participant #40, of course.

"......? I thought you were looking at me?"

"Wasn't it me?"

Riana frowned at Heinrich and Kaier's words.

"What are you talking about, you idiots? He's a man, if he's looking at me, he's looking at me, why is he looking at you?"

All four people in the room were thinking about how 40 kept looking at them.

"Me?"

"Because I am?"

"I think it's me."

"No, of course not me. What are you talking about?"

All four begin to sweat the small stuff.

They were actually right.

Number 40 kept rolling his eyes and made occasional eye contact with four people.

They look away as soon as they see it, but they're definitely doing it. So it's inevitable that thoughts like that will be running through boys' heads.

At least he's a guy.......

No, but still.......

No, absolutely not.

Maybe?

Maybe it's actually a woman?

I was drowning in a sea of confusing thoughts.

Of course, it's not like that 40 times, it's really just an eye roll.

"Hmmm......."

Riana was looking elsewhere this time, not at number 40.

"Why?"

"No, that guy over there."

Riana whispered to Erhi, pointing somewhere.

"Kinda, kinda spooky, don't you think?"

There was a man in a black robe standing at the very back of the auditorium, staring at number 40. Of course, there were quite a few people in the audience with their hoods pulled down to hide the fact that they had come to see this competition, just as there were people like Number 40 who came to this competition to hide their identity.

However, the overly drab black robes were off-putting to look at.

"......Yes."

Erich shivered slightly, feeling unnecessarily chilled.

With that out of the way, let the voting begin.

Contestant #40, who reluctantly cross-dressed because she was broke.

She would have gotten a lot of votes, but when she says she only entered the contest because she needed money, she starts to get sympathy votes.

It was obvious that I was going to win 40 times, and I did.

It was a near unanimous win, with no one disputing it.



* * *



It's a hell of a time.

"How does it feel to win?"

"Oh that....... Thank you so much. Yeah."

Still, it's a hell of a finale.

As I clutched the winner's crown and trophy, I tried to force a smile, but I also wanted this hellish time to end.



[Event Complete - Crossdressing Competition].

[Earned 4,000 achievement points].

[Horsepower status increased by 5].

[Antihorsepower is increased].



In the end, after a hell of a time, I got the reward I wanted.

And the prize, twenty gold coins.

20 million won.

That's actually quite a bit of money.

But I wondered if it was a price worth paying for my dignity, which had been lost and might be lost even more in the future.

My horsepower status was originally 14.2.

Now, my horsepower is 19.2.

Just 0.8 more and you get the talent Magic Dominance.

Yes.

Soon enough.

I did this shit for this.

Wreaths and trophies for the winners, and applause and cheers from the audience.

-Oh! Take me!

-She's prettier than me, so just do it!

The glow of middle school girls.

-You! Have me!

-siblings.......

The luminescence of middle school boys.

-Our secret friend Hajaaaaaah!

High school students were no different.

Dizzy.

I feel like throwing up.

Still, I tried to keep a straight face. Just as Bertus didn't seem to notice, the others didn't seem to notice me.

And the moderator who had been harassing me with stupid questions looks at me with a big smile on his face.

"Now, the song you just sang to celebrate your win, can you do an encore?"

"......."

They asked me to sing one more song to celebrate the win, so I ended up singing Chilgapsan one more time.

I don't know about you, but it was pretty funny to see everyone's bewildered faces as if they didn't know what to make of this.

Do you know the sorrow of the Seven Armored Mountains?

Anyway, the cross-dressing contest is over.

Now all you have to do is properly dispose of the trophy and return to Reinhardt safely.

-Ahhhhhhhh! Me....... That's weird......!

a.

Should I just kill you all and go to hell?





