Episode 305.





It took another three months of stubbornly insisting that Riana take me, and then another three months of trying to get her to let me go. Luckily, after a while of convincing her that the other girls seemed to be okay with her and that she should just go, she finally let me go with a sour look on her face.

There was some discussion about whether or not we should call security, but we tried to convince them that we weren't in trouble.

After removing all my makeup and changing my clothes outside the temple, I returned to my dorm.

The dress is in Eleris's basement.

It was an expensive piece of clothing, so I thought it would be better to return it rather than throw it away.

Naturally, I threw away the trophy.

There's an expression in martial arts.

Oscillator.

It's kind of like the fundamental bioenergetic energy of a human being, and it's kind of like a last-ditch emergency battery that if you run out, you die.

My whole body was drained of energy, to the point where I felt like I had written something like that.

I've been out and about all day, so you probably haven't seen me in the dorms. Of course, I wasn't the only one running around.

Naturally, I didn't get back until quite late, so when I got back to my dorm, I saw the same guys I'd encountered today in a completely different light.

"Hey, what have you been doing all day?"

Case in point, Liana de Granz, who cheerfully told me her sister would take her home.

"It's a festival, so I'm running around."

"Alone?"

"Sometimes you just want to be alone."

My shoulders tensed unnecessarily.

I might make a connection between what I just saw and what I look like now. Honestly, I don't think I'd recognize myself in the mirror.

I actually didn't recognize all of them.

But seeing him as Reinhardt made me feel uneasy and my heart was beating like crazy.

Oh, you?

Ya.

a.......

Oh, was it you or not?

I pretend to be okay with saying this, but it sends a chill down my spine.

Riana giggled and threw her arm around my shoulders.

"Didn't you watch the pageant?"

"......Why would I go there?"

Actually.......

Gone.......

He was a contestant, not a liver, and even a winner.......

It's even weirder that I don't recognize it at all.......

"Oh, you didn't get to see that. Phew, you should have seen him."

Riana giggled and went into her room.

The Three Stooges, nay, the Death Penalty, have since bumped into me, but they haven't reacted.

However.

"......?"

"......why."

"Huh? Oh, no."

Only Kono Lint had a bit of a weird reaction.

But in the end, he didn't seem to notice.

Of course not.

I'm back to my Reinhardt self, not just the makeup, but my body type, height, and face shape.

It's kind of weird when you realize it!

Something like......?



* * *



Outlying regions south of the ecliptic.

A group of people had gathered on the grounds of an abandoned monastery that occupied a fairly large plot of land. It's impossible to tell who the group is by their clothing, but in the center of the bonfire, someone is sitting on an old wooden chair.

A man in a chair.

Leviathan Lanze, the leader of the previous Crusader Legion, stared at the girl in the Temple uniform standing across from him.

Her name is Radia Schmidt.

He was a quarterfinalist in the Unlimited tournament and a sixth-grade student in Temple Royal's class.

"I don't think that's a good idea."

"I think it's worth a try ...... and Lord Boulton has said he'll do what's necessary if things go that way."

"Elion Bolton?"

"Yes."

"Well, I'm sure he'd be happy to welcome Olivia back."

Radia Schmidt looks determined, like she's got her mind set on something.

"But if things don't go as you expect, things will go as planned. Radia."

"Yes, sir."

Apparently, even though the current Crusader Knight Commander was Elayon Bolton, the girl was calling him Levi Lance.

Everyone here had no hesitation in referring to the former master, Leverier Ranze, as master. When she was done, Radia Schmidt turned to leave.

"Sir."

"...... have anything else to say?"

Radia looked off into the distance of the monastery and couldn't help but feel sad.

"Does it have to be....... Does it have to be that child? That child will eventually become....... faithful....... in the arms of God."

"Enough."

Leviathan cut him off mid-sentence, as if he didn't want to hear more.

"It's not that I don't realize that Reinhardt is better suited for this role, as you say."

At the mention of Reinhardt's name, a strange emotion flashed in the girl's eyes. A twisted hatred and anger flickered in her eyes.

"But Reinhardt is a student in the same Temple Royal class as you, and even a classmate of the Prince and Princess. You realize this is not a situation to mess with."

"......."

"Of course, if the situation warrants, we may have to reach out to them, but keep in mind that this is for the best at this time. Also, we're not necessarily sacrificing the child. Under the circumstances, no one will get hurt."

"......Yes, sir."

When Radia Schmidt had finished speaking, she left the monastery.

The man at Leverier Lance's side says cautiously.

"Do you think it's going to work out the way he thinks?"

"Not at all."

Levereer Ranze shook his head in disbelief.

"The idea is bold, but....... It's not going to work out the way he thinks."

"......Yes."

"I'm nervous, I know you're good at what you do, but......."

Leviathan clicked his tongue as he looked in the direction the girl had disappeared.

"Let's hope I don't do anything stupid."

"Sorry about that. We thought it would be helpful for you to see......."

The man who had brought Radia Schmidt to the nameless monastery bowed to Reverie Lance.

But what happened was what happened.

Radia Schmidt's usefulness isn't limited to this one time. She's about to graduate from Temple, but she's also set to join the Knights Templar.

"In the future, block people."

"Yes, sir."

Like it or not, Radia Schmidt was going to be a useful member of this group for a while.

"What about Adriana?"

"......Please wait."

"Yeah."

Levereer Ranze nods and instructs the man beside him.

"I think we should wait and see. See how Radia Schmidt's plan works out, and if it doesn't, write to Olivia. Tell her you have Adriana with you, and she'll understand."

As long as you have Adriana with you, it's too easy to call Olivia out of the Temple.

It's only what comes after that matters.

Leviathan Lance stared at the blazing flames.

Only Olivia Ranze can restore the honor of a fallen Squadron Crusader leader.

Take it slow from there.

Leverier Lanche intended to write a history of the sacred land that would last a thousand years.



* * *



Sitting on her hard wooden bed, Adriana watched the pale moonlight stream in through the tiny opening.

A room with a single hard wooden bed and two paladins standing guard.

"......."

Adriana buried her face between her knees.

The Order of the Nameless.

Brought here by Revere Lance, Adriana is under the watchful eye of the paladins of the Order.

He thought that Leviathan was trying to retaliate against him.

But that's not where his value came from.

"In a few days, Olivia will be here.

"All you have to do is explain the situation to Olivia and convince her to change her mind.

That was all Leverier Lancet said.

If it's a situation, what's the situation, and if it's a persuasion, what's the persuasion?

It's about convincing Olivia, who has abandoned her faith, to return to it, and Adriana doesn't see why she should.

We just know.

That he was bait to bring Olivia out.

Levereer Lance attempts to change Olivia's mind. Even if he fails, he hopes to restore his authority and honor by reversing the words of his foster daughter, Olivia, who has brought him down.

You are just bait for it.

Adriana rejected it.

Olivia made her own choices, and she sees no reason or need to force herself to reverse them.

After that.

Adriana was stuck like this, forever.

The Order of the Nameless.

Adriana knew they were trying to create a new divide in the human race after the Demon War.

I was disappointed in people of faith. I thought it was the fault of the believers, not God.

But.

If God's followers are getting it so wrong, shouldn't God be warning his followers?

Olivia will be here soon. If she knew she was being held hostage, she would have no choice but to come.

Because she is that kind of person.

Despairing at her hostage situation, Adriana couldn't do anything about it.

There was a festival going on in the temple to the north.

In a ruin to the south, Adriana crouched, silently cursing the gods.



* * *



Thursday, breakfast time.

Kono Lint was eating breakfast. The word was out in Class A that Kono Lint was going to a cross-dressing contest.

But Cliff was the only one who freaked out when he heard it.

-Will you be okay today, Harriet? How are you feeling?

-You're good, you're good.

Ellen was uninterested, and Adelia and Harriet were busy talking about something of their own.

I thought Reinhardt was going to say something when I told him I was out there, but he was like, "Uh....... Why would you go out there?" and that was it.

I was surprised.

I thought you'd be freaking out, or sulking, or lashing out, or something.

So Kono Lint was unnecessarily watching Reinhardt. He might not be the first one to touch him, but he'd be the last one to be grumpy.

Kono Lint had a strange feeling when he saw Reinhardt last night.

It's hard to put into words, but something.

A strange feeling. You can't quite put your finger on it, but you feel like you know something, but you can't quite put your finger on what it is.

Such a subtle feeling.

Despite the festivities, the morning scene doesn't look much different.

Everyone is at their desks except for Bertus, who seems to be busy with his own business.

Such a normal breakfast time.

Kono Lint unnecessarily looks at Reinhardt. To look is to stare.

To look up means to watch Reinhardt.

Then, not far away, Kono Lindt sees Reinhardt's hand on Ellen's, eating next to her.

That hand.

Nails.

Its shape.

It was jagged, as if it had been bitten off.

"......!"

When Konorint saw those nails, he had a hunch, almost a revelation, like electricity running through his body.

Anxious number 40.

The 40 times I've bitten my nails.

The 40 times he asked if he could be moved.

The 40 times you meekly reached out when asked for a hand.

of the nail.

The.

A nail that has been bitten off and ruined.

"Aye."

"?"

"?"

Kono Lint mumbled something under his breath and met Erich and Kaier's suddenly confused stares.

Absolutely not.

Yesterday's him, the silver-haired, angelic one.

It's hard to put into words, but that.

With that someone.

Reinhardt didn't just bite his nails because they looked alike.

Number 40 was silver-haired and gold-eyed.

Reinhardt's eyes are blue.

But that's what lenses are for.

"Aye."

"......What is it?"

"What's wrong with you?"

Kono Lint knows his idea is not even worth considering.

-You're playing in an unlimited tournament today, aren't you?

-Yes.

-......Will it work?

-Well, whatever. But aren't you going, too? You won the first grade tournament.

-No, I'm not going out, which is a good thing for you, because I'm going out.

-What?! You think I'm going to lose to you?

-Huh, where do you get the idea that you're going to win?

-Yes, look!

The voices are also too different.

Compared to the laid-back, warm aesthetic of yesterday, today's Reinhardt sounds a bit cloying, doesn't it?

There are qualitative differences in people.

There is as much difference between 40 and Reinhardt as there is between an angel and a devil.

Kono Lint tried to force down the unpleasant images that were swirling around in his head.

By the way.

If I had a silver-haired wig on my face, golden eyes, a shorter stature, and a slimmer build, I'd look like him.

Right.

"Aye."

"What's wrong with you?"

"What hurts?"

Eventually, Kono Lint struck out on his own and bought some beanchuk from his friends, who were eating quietly around him.





