Episode 307.





I met a senior who gave me a strange feeling, but in the end, I didn't learn anything about him other than his name.

Radia Schmidt.

She was a cheap person. She was definitely different from Bertus and Charlotte, but I couldn't put my finger on what made her different.

Herriot is in Group C of the main draw.

Olivia was also in Group C of the main draw.

With a full round of 32, I figured I'd have to get there early to see Herriot play.

Herriot was the only first-year Royal Class competitor, so you'd think there would be a few people in Class B who wouldn't come to watch, but strangely enough, everyone was in the stadium.

Even if he wasn't close to Heriot, he seemed to be curious about the fact that a first-year student, a magic major, was competing in an unlimited tournament, and he wanted to support her because she was his classmate.

It was interesting that there was a sense of motivation as classmates, if not chemistry, since there was no knowledge between A and B classes.

The entire first year class was on their way to the stadium, except for Ellen and Cliff, who would be at the contest tomorrow, and Bertus, who wasn't even in the dorms.

"Whoa......."

"......."

"Hah......."

"......."

"ah......."

-Physics!

"Hey, why do you keep sighing like an asshole?"

As I walked away, sighing heavily, a feverish Riana flashed a light bulb and screamed. The whole class turned to look at her, but I didn't give a damn.

"Aren't you worried about him, he's about to go fight amongst the big boys?"

My kid walked into a tiger's den, man!

It's not like they're freshmen in the waiting room, and the mom is like, "Hey, cute junior, what are you doing here, this isn't the place to show off your skills," and she's like, "I don't think Harriet can handle that!

What if there's a guy in there like me, arguing with me!

"Is Harriet a child?"

"So it's not a child?"

"......."

"......."

a.

They were classmates, not us.

Still.

We're @Mr_Parker.......

I can't help but worry. No matter how much I say I'll take care of myself.......

"Hah......."

I sighed again. Riana frowned at me as I sighed, wishing the earth away for nothing.

"Be very sacrificial to the negativity, eh?"

"......Jesse?"

At Jessa's words, the Dettomorian, who had been following along, stared at her.

"It's not a ritual, but it's a quick spell to bring good luck......."

"Detto. If that works....... Isn't that like cheating......?"

"Is that......."

"Yeah, let's not do that."

"Yes......."

Charlotte realized that the Dettomorian was trying to do something.

From the look on Charlotte's face, it was clear that cheating wasn't the issue, but rather that she thought there might be side effects to what the Detomorian was doing.

"Don't worry. Reinhardt."

As I continued to fidget, Ellen spoke up next to me.

"She'll be fine."

"Based on what?"

"Just."

Ellen wasn't smiling, nor was she making a face.

It was just the usual blind, fat look.

"I'm sure you'll do great."

Believe.

The phrase was eerily familiar.

I told the Grand Duke of St. Thuan that your daughter was the most magically gifted person in the history of mankind, and that there was no limit to what she could do to astonish the world. I said so.

On that note, I can't believe I'm sighing amongst my seniors about playing in a tournament.

As if it weren't enough to believe that you're going to do something, that you're going to show us something great.

This must have been how Archduke Saint-Thuan felt when he heard about the Magical Research Society's research project.

The feeling that when someone is important, everything they do is ugly.

It's like you're so worried that you don't think he can do something that he's perfectly capable of doing.

Herriot is ugly.

But that's only because I value him so much.

I don't want you to get hurt.

I'm not his parent.

Still, it would be disrespectful to him to think of him in that way.

Still....... Our paktong.

If you get beaten like three times in the first game.......

What to do.......

I try to change my mind, but it's not easy.

That's a bottle.

"It's okay, Reinhardt. You'll do fine."

This time, it wasn't Ellen who said it, it was Louis Ankton.

Naturally, the Hufflepuffs were there to watch Herriot play, as was senior Redina.

There was a strange lack of concern on their faces.

"Hey, Reinhardt, stop worrying so much and get ready to be surprised!"

Redina giggled, covering her mouth.

Is there some kind of secret weapon?

It seemed like the Magic Society guys put their heads together for this Heriot's tournament and came up with something.



* * *



The least fun of the grade-level tournaments is obviously the first grade tournament, because it's the lowest level.

It's no surprise, then, that the most fun you can have in a grade-level tournament is a 6th grade tournament. But as you move up the grades, it's not uncommon for juniors to be stronger than seniors.

That's why there are unlimited tournaments.

Ever since we went from matching grade-level tournament winners against each other to having an all-ages unlimited tournament, this was the big match of the festival.

For generations, when the winner of a 6th grade tournament advances to the main event of an unlimited tournament, that person often wins, but there are quite a few times when they don't.

As such, this is arguably the biggest event of the festival.

Soon.

This is the crowning of the strongest in the temple.

Of course, there's a catch: it's only for contestants.

-Wow!

Therefore, the excitement and buzz was not comparable to the first-year tournament.

The crowd was huge, standing room only.

"Ugh, that's too loud."

Riana's voice came from behind me.

Royal class seats were also quite full.

Olivia Ranze, Harriet, and the rest of the royal class would be there. There would be so much shouting that others wouldn't be able to distinguish the sounds, but with my enhanced hearing and focus, I would be able to make out the din of the crowd.

-Who's going to win?

-Wouldn't Radia do it?

-No, Olivia, you're in the race, too.

-Ah....... Yeah? I've never seen him fight before. Isn't he a divine power major?

-That was my major, but....... I hear you're really good in melee.

-Yes? Who?

-Huh? I heard that somewhere too....... Who said that?

Stories swirled around her about other people who had come to watch, but in the end, it was all about Olivia. Some fifth graders came to watch her play, including student council president Ceres van Owen and members of the religious club Grace. It was crowded, so I only made eye contact with them.

"......."

Even Saviolin Tana has admitted that Olivia is the next big thing, so you don't have to look far to see what she's capable of.

Sitting next to me on the right is Charlotte.

To his right sits Savior Tana, the governess and Charlotte's bodyguard.

Olivia kept telling me she was a good fighter.

He also said he hates violence.

We know both to be true. That's why the Royal Class audience was mostly talking about Olivia's performance.

But an important fact.

It's clear that very few people have seen Olivia in action.

Rumors abound, but no one seems to have seen her in action because she's not one to show off her power.

There's a lot of talk about how great it is, how amazing it is, but when I saw it, I was like, "What? I didn't see anybody doing it.

"Is someone named Olivia that great, Lord Tana?"

Charlotte, sitting next to me, whispers to Savior Tana.

Charlotte was eventually bothered by the sounds she heard around her.

"For now, you must address me as Sir, Your Majesty."

Seriously, this guy is weirdly sensitive about how he's called?

"...... If you're going to do that, you're going to have to pay me as a Temple student in the first place, right?"

"......That's not allowed. How could I commit such blasphemy."

"Oh, so you're just calling me Charlotte and treating all my classmates as if they're blasphemers?"

"That's not true, the temple has its own rules, so follow them......."

"No, I'm the headmistress, and the rules require me to call you Charlotte.

"Isn't it self-adhesive?

"I made a mistake.

"What do I do?

Is it an illusion that I feel like I can read your thoughts even when I'm not looking at your face?

'Let's just....... Let's talk about it.'

"Well. Olivia Ranze is an excellent student. Especially among the talent of Temple Royal's class, with a promising future."

"Oh. How much?"

"Hmmm."

Saviolin Tana crosses her arms and watches the competition, which has yet to begin.

"I'd be very surprised if there's a student who's at the same level as Olivia, if not slightly below her."

"Hmmm, Lord Tana....... No, I mean, how do you know about Olivia Lanchester?"

"Most of that is from junior Eppinhauser, but from what I understand, Olivia Ranze hasn't taken any close combat classes since her junior year."

I realized that most of the students were talking about how great Olivia was, but I had never seen her in action. There was no reason to show it in class.

"Why?"

"He said he didn't want to learn more skills to hurt someone."

"......That's a funny thing to say."

"Effinghauser said Olivia was already at a point where she didn't need to learn more."

"......a."

Charlotte looked incredulous.

"The moment you said you didn't want to learn more, you had already learned so much that there was nothing left to learn, right?"

"......, so to speak."

I don't want to learn any more skills to hurt someone! (There's nothing more to learn)

What a funny guy.

Anyway, since then, Olivia hasn't taken any hands-on classes or competed in any competitions.

"Of course, I've never been good at it either."

Even Saviolin Tana only heard about it from Effinghauser.

"So it's all just a bunch of rumors then?"

At that, Saviolin Tana shook her head.

"Hmm, at least it can't be a rumor."

"Why?"

"Yes. You do realize that Olivia Lance went to the front lines during the Demon War, don't you?"

"I heard you're going into wounded warrior or medical......."

"Your Highness."

Saviolin Tana looks at Charlotte.

She did not participate in the Great Demon War. Not that she didn't participate, but she couldn't.

But she could not help but know the details of the circumstances of the Demon War itself.

"At a time when a human hand was a precious commodity, a powerhouse of divine power like Olivia Ranze could only do that?"

"......Did they put you in the field?"

"Of course, they say they didn't send him into battle against his will, but anything can happen behind the lines. A raid by the Demon Army, for example."

I do, and so does everyone else in the temple.

I was thinking too naively.

It was a war, and when I told people that Olivia's job was simply to heal people and take care of the wounded, they were like, "Oh, yeah, that's what you do when you go to the front lines.

Saint of Eredian, as she was nicknamed.

When she told me that she had come back from doing something noble, like a white-robed angel, I just assumed that was it.

"I'm not going to tell you the details because it's not a good thing for you to hear."

Saviolin Tana looks out onto the field where the first match is about to begin.

"Olivia Ranze has been in unsafe places, faced unsafe things, and come out alive."

"......."

Olivia is not a greenhouse plant.

She lived through a real war and came out of it alive.

I wonder if that made me hate violence even more.

For Olivia, it would never be a good memory. That's why she would tell everyone that she was just doing her service.

"Olivia Ranze was called a reaper in your part of the world, not a saint."

Olivia killed countless demonic forces on the battlefield where she went to save people.

Thus, even her allies feared her and called her the Grim Reaper.

I didn't think Olivia would like being called Saint Eredian.

In fact, she had a nickname she was sure to hate even more.





