Episode 308.





Unlimited tournaments are a far cry from the first-year tournaments I experienced.

Many of the participants were seniors from the Royal Class or former Orbis Classes, and none of them were so good that they could be ignored even if they were from the regular class.

First, of the finalists, the Melee class had awakened to the power enchantment.

It's true that many people don't become enlightened until they graduate from Enchantment, but that means there are those who do.

This is the place to see who is the strongest in the Temple. As such, enchantments should be built into the foundation.

Some brackets are designed so that people who are close to winning in the first place don't meet in the preliminaries and get knocked out.

As I watched the Group A match, I caught a glimpse of the strange female senior who had spoken to me earlier in front of the dorm.

-Ladia Schmidt, 6th grade, Royal Class!

She was also a tournament competitor.

It seemed like she was the favorite to win before Olivia's name came up.

Was it competitor conscious, like if Olivia didn't compete, you were almost certain to win, and then all of a sudden Olivia competed and you felt like it would make it harder for you to win?

Olivia is a year behind, so she should be in 6th grade.

This means that Olivia and Radia Schmidt would have been in the Temple for a long time.

But Olivia's been doing some crazy things lately. I can't imagine Olivia being in bad blood with anyone.

Radia Schmidt, 6th grade, Royal Class, B-2.

Whatever he was thinking, the important thing was that he was very good.

I could feel it in my hands, but seeing it in my eyes was something else.

"......that's a lot."

"Sure."

After watching Radia Schmidt's main event, Ellen and I couldn't help but agree.

Paladin family. A monster that uses both divine and magical enhancements.

She walked away with a clean win, and the people in the next match, winners and losers alike, were incredibly talented.

Even if I had won first grade, I wouldn't be able to show my business card. I wasn't particularly proud of myself for winning first grade, but I couldn't help but think that I still had a long way to go when I saw how good the seniors were.

I don't know about Ellen, but I'm not there yet.

The crowd was also on the edge of their seats as they watched the students battle it out with their enchantments.

Charlotte didn't seem to care about any of this, but she was paying attention as she listened to Saviolin Tana's commentary from the sidelines.

It was quite helpful to listen across it.

Who's going to win this time, who's going to act this way in this situation, the outcome is already decided, etc. Saviolin Tana was pretty much right.

Of course, there were those who weren't interested at all.

"Adelia, wake Harriet when she comes out."

"Huh? Ah....... Yeah."

Riana slashed at the thigh of Adelia, who was sitting next to her.

Me-Ellen-Liana-Adelia

Since they were sitting in this order, he lay with his head on Adelia's side and his legs across Ellen's thighs.

Ellen stood still as if she didn't care, but I didn't.

"Do you want to fuck in a skirt?"

"I don't care if you're wearing shorts."

Riana lay back as if it didn't matter and tried to run her hand under her skirt.

Well, what the heck!

-Bang!

"Yuck!"

"......."

And just as she was about to do so, Ellen, who hadn't moved, slapped Riana's thigh with a loud crack.

"Stay still."

"Uh, yeah......."

Ellen stared at Riana, and Riana nodded as she lay there with a dazed look on her face.

Ellen clutched at the hem of Riana's skirt as if she were afraid Riana was going to make a fool of herself.

-Bang! Quack!

In the meantime, two of the enchanted students were getting into a rough fight.

It's not hard to follow visually, but it's a battle of monsters that I'm not sure I'd win if I stood in front of it.

Now, it's time for Herriot to take on those guys.

How the hell are you supposed to deal with kids who aren't confident in themselves?

We're @Mr_Parker.......

You're good at this, right?

I'm so anxious I'm going to lose my mind!

It's not like you're mentally going through a hard time because you lost, right?

-MoonMoonMoon

"Stop dropping your legs."

Ellen finally said something to me.

No, but I'm not sure what to do with my anxiety.

-Haah.......

From somewhere, I heard the earth sigh, a sound very similar to my own.

It wasn't the sound of a sigh that made me suddenly focus on something else.

I'm not sure what to say right now, but it felt very similar to me.

It was familiar.

-Honey, stop it.

-You're not even anxious?

-My kid will figure it out eventually.

The Grand Duke and Duchess of Saint-Thuan sat side by side.

When you think about it, it's festive season, so it's not that unusual for the Grand Duke and Duchess of Saint-Thuan to be at the Temple. Herriot was even competing in an unlimited tournament, so it was only natural that they would come to watch.

The seats weren't very close together, so I don't think the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan recognized me.

But it was clear that both me and the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan were thinking the same thing.

I was doing it, so I was definitely the crazy one around here.

This....... But.......

Should I go say hi......?

I think we've cleared up that misunderstanding.

It's not like your friend's parents came all the way here and you didn't see them, and it's not like you didn't see them and say hello.

But I'm not sure I'm supposed to say hello.

What to do?

Once that's done, let's think about it.

Anyway, it's nice to have someone who shares the same anxiety.



* * *



Third match of Group C of the Grand Finals of the Unlimited Tournament.

That was Herriot's first bracket.

The only first year, and also the only Magic major in this tournament, is Royal Class First Year A-4, Herriot de Saint-Ouen!

Herriot stood still, dressed in a long-sleeved outfit that looked comfortable for the activity, not a school uniform.

A first year, and a magic major at that.

Even the most casual observer already knows that Herriot is at a disadvantage.

Naturally, the Royal Class first years were there, as well as Riana, who had been lying down and was now sitting up properly, looking out over the pitch.

Her opponent is Isa Shelkin, a senior in Eleanor's class.

Whoever it is, they'll have access to disenchantments, as will all of the main eventers in the Unlimited tournament.

He's listed as being from the regular class, but it's entirely possible that he was a transfer from the Orbis class.

Armed with a sword.

Herriot was unarmed because he was a magic major.

The Unlimited tournament is a best-of-five, best-of-three format starting with the round of 36.

Herriot's expression was tense. This would be her first time fighting someone in front of this many people.

I hope it doesn't fail to cast.

After a brief introduction from the moderator, the first set began.

I enhanced both my eyesight and hearing to get a better picture of the situation.

Isa Shelkin stares at Herriot.

-Magic major, though I don't know how a first year made it to the finals.......

The fourth grader points his sword at Harriet and says, "Hold still.

-If you were lucky, that's over, junior.

Herriot didn't say anything.

When it comes to defeating magic majors, it's all about speed.

Don't give them a chance to attack. Aisa Shelkin's body glowed a pale blue.

Enchantment.

-Thump!

And with that, a rush. Isa Shelkin's new model comes at Harriet like the wind.

Herriot stretched his hands out in front of him as he watched the rush.

-Quack!

Isa Shelkin's lunging thrust was blocked by a blue veil centered on Herriot's hand.

It is presumed to be a protection class magic. So far, so good. It's been pre-cast.

But the protective magic can't last indefinitely.

As if she knew that, Isa Shelkin pounded away at Herriot's protective spells.

-Bang! Quack! bang!

A blunt blow with the power of an enchantment. It's not enough to play defense.

The blue glow was fading, as if the protection had already reached its limits.

We all watched in silence. Even Saviolin Tana was watching, not wanting to jump to conclusions.

-Quack!

Isa Shelkin's blow leaves you unprotected, and she stabs again, taking advantage of the gap.

The next protection is not yet ready.

For a moment, I thought I was allowing an attack.

-shhh!

The new Herriot is gone.

"!"

Having lost her target in an instant, Aisa Shelkin threw her sword into the air.

She couldn't see it, but everyone in the audience could.

On the other side of the stadium, there was Herriot.

Blink, a short-range spatial travel spell.

"It's the first magic a Battlemage must master."

Saviolin Tana's comment was short and scary, and Aisa Shelkin turned her attention to Herriot, who had closed the distance in an instant.

But.

-Flash!

The blue light from Herriot's right hand connects with Aisa Shelkin's body.

-Crack!

Whether it was the protective force of the magical enhancement or her training in anti-magic, Aisa Shelkin flinched, but she didn't collapse.

But there's no easy way to recover from a lightning strike.

That brief moment.

-Currrrr!

A searing ball of flame hovered above Herriot's right shoulder. The fireball shot toward Isa Shelkin before it could be cast.

-Quack!

Before the explosions of fireballs had died down, I was looking at an unbelievable sight.

The fireball was scary to hit, and another fireball was already spawning and shooting to Herriot's left.

-Quack!

Another fireball was shot at Isa Shelkin, who was once again caught in the crossfire and explosion.

That's weird.

Saviolin Tana narrowed her eyes at the sight.

"The casting speed is....... very fast."

People were realizing that Heriot's spellcasting speed was very fast.

Not to be outdone, Herriot fired a total of three consecutive fireballs to Isa Shelkin.

It was already limited enough.

The third fireball struck, and with the glow of the recall artifact, Isa Shelkin was summoned back.

-First set, and it's a win for freshman Herriot de Saint-Ouen!

What the heck happened.

He's like, what the hell did you do?

Herriot pinpoints me from the crowd and looks at me.

As if he thinks it's a given that I'll listen to him. He says.

-When?

I don't know what the hell he's been doing all these years.

All I knew was that an unusually talented kid was starting to do unusually things.

-Waaaaaah!

And the crowd roared with delight at the destructive power and splendor of the magic itself.

I don't know what she did, but I'm pretty sure I'd be no match for her now.

I grinned at Harriet.

The mouse was worried about the cat.

But hey, it wasn't a bad feeling.

-What did I tell you? Didn't I tell you it would be fine?

-Yes, I knew this was coming.

-.......

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan had changed his tune.





