Episode 316





The leader of the Crusader Knights, Elayon Bolton, exited the stadium with his entourage.

"I thought you could make them use divine power, but that's all you did."

"......I guess they thought Olivia wouldn't abstain."

The paladin in training said briefly.

Radia Schmidt.

She may not be Olivia Ranze, but she's a powerful paladin with a promising future. As it is, she's more than ready for action, she's overflowing.

I didn't take her word for it.

Olivia said there was something I could do to help her regain her faith, and I just wanted it to be something.

Rather than watch her friend die in front of her, or use her divine powers to win, Olivia's resolve to abstain was evident.

Why did I think that would work?

No, it's not that I thought it would work, it's just that I felt like I had no choice but to try it.

As it turns out, Radia Schmidt was more extreme than Elion Bolton realized.

Regardless of your orientation, extremism is dangerous, and Elion Bolton knew it.

Elion Bolton could see the maddening obsession with Olivia in Radia Schmidt's eyes.

"I don't think Radia Schmidt is going to give up......."

"......I think so too."

It was clear that Radia Schmidt was going to do one more thing, and it wasn't going to be pretty. The attendant whispered discreetly in the Crusader's ear.

"By the way, what do you think is the likelihood that Radia Schmidt is connected to the unnamed order?"

"It's good fodder for extremists, but you don't want that level of extremism......."

They have an unintelligible conversation and walk away from the stadium.

If Olivia was using divine power, she had a job to do as the leader of the Crusaders, but that didn't happen.

As such, the Crusaders now had no business in the Temple.



* * *



"...... I know it's not good, but how about this?"

"......No. Thanks."

I was hoping to find a secluded spot, but given the circumstances, there were none, so we ended up in a cafe with fewer people and I sat across from Olivia.

I felt like I was losing my mind, and losing it badly.

Charlotte and Saviolin Tana knew I was going to check on Olivia, so they told me to be nice to her.

If I waited any longer, Charlotte would have stopped playing, so I just had to be patient.

But Olivia couldn't possibly know that. If she continued to fight, Radia Schmidt would die at full health, and if she used her holy power, the Inquisition would be waiting.

So Olivia had no choice but to abstain.

The look on Radia Schmidt's face was horrifying.

He hadn't expected Olivia to abstain, and he looked stunned.

Apparently, he believed that Olivia would use her divine powers to subdue him.

In the end, the prize went to Radia Schmidt. Although she didn't seem to place any value on winning.

Olivia was sullen, her head hanging low, not even touching the car.

"Does this happen a lot?"

"......Yes."

"It's not just him....... Other people too?"

"Although there are differences in degree......."

Olivia seemed sad that I had learned of the many problems she had since leaving her faith.

Whether she was flirting with me or arguing with Ellen, Olivia always seemed to be in good spirits, even if she was a bit of a bitch.

Olivia wasn't getting along with her friends.

It wasn't just that he wanted to see me. It wasn't just because she wanted to see me.

I was running away from them.

Still, if others are persistently urged to return to their faith, Radia Schmidt's case seemed to be a bit extreme.

It was insanity.

I'm sure Olivia was just as shocked as I was because she never imagined she'd be experiencing this today.

What to say to comfort them.

What would be good for Olivia right now.

I've never been a believer, and I've never had to deal with the problems that come with giving it up, so I had no idea what Olivia was feeling.

He was expected by the whole world.

I abandoned it by my own choice, and people believe it was wrong.

I don't feel like I'm living the wrong life, but everyone around me is telling me I'm wrong.

It was like seeing a different side of Olivia, who was always cheerful and smiling.

You can't see his expression because his head is down.

It's just that she's had enough of the people around her. Just because Olivia can be angry and argumentative with Ellen doesn't mean she can be with anyone else. What is possible for one person to say and do, may not be possible for another.

So Olivia smiled vaguely, embarrassedly, and pushed away, rejecting the urgings of those around her, chipping away.

"I'm not sure......."

"......."

"Why are you doing this to me. I, I really don't know."

I've lived with so many expectations, and even though I've gotten away from my parents, who were the biggest ones, I still feel that pressure around me.

"I don't think I'm that great, but......."

He couldn't understand why people would be so obsessed with him.

When you think about it, there had to be a reason for the obsession, even if it wasn't Radia Schmidt.

If you think about it, Olivia is also the owner of Tiamata, even though they are co-owned.

Knowing that would have made it harder, not easier.

In the end, Olivia entered the tournament for the prize money, but didn't win because of Radia Schmidt.

"Actually, I wonder if it was different before."

Olivia, her head down, smiles wryly.

"I am what people want me to be. No one....... No one. If I'm not what they want or expect me to be, they're disappointed in me. They wonder if the daughter of a crusader knight is supposed to be like this, if this is how it's supposed to be. I was a doll that existed to fulfill other people's expectations."

That's probably how Olivia's life was.

Too much life, too many things required, too many things forbidden, too many things expected.

You've lived a life where even the slightest attempt at freedom is seen as an indulgence and a depravity.

"Finally, I know what my life is. I'm trying to live a life where it's okay to wonder about those things, where it's okay to want those things, and people still want something from me. They think I've gone astray, that I need to get back on the right track. They think I've helped others in the past, and now that I'm on the wrong path, I need to be helped. I don't think so. I don't think I'm wrong. People are trying to give me help I don't want, and people....... People around me, they don't even realize that it's not help at all."

They have a different worldview than those who believe that living in the arms of God is an absolute good. So, in some ways, we can't talk to them at all.

This is absolutely right. So it's good for you in the end. So everything I say is basically good.

You can't have a conversation with someone who starts with the absolute proposition that I'm right and you're wrong. The only people who can have a conversation with them are those who share the same worldview.

Olivia has gotten away from it, but for whatever reason, people try to force her to come back because they think you'll be happy if she does.

At the other extreme would be someone like Radia Schmidt.

Olivia isn't in this state simply because she's disappointed that she missed out on the prize money or because she's traumatized by what happened today.

I know this isn't the end of the story, which is why I'm struggling so much.

It's even harder when you don't know what's going to happen next.

I want to do something.

But I can't expel all of Olivia's classmates, and I can't go to each one of them and threaten them with two heads if they talk shit about her.

"Reinhardt."

"Yes."

Normally, I'm a bit of a prick, but now I've softened my demeanor.

I feel like if I stiffen up now, it will hurt more.

Olivia lifts her head and looks at me, struggling.

His eyes were red.

I felt like I was about to cry.

"I know it's bad form to say this at a time like this, but......."

"What is it. Tell me."

"Can I give you a hug?"

"......."

She looked like she was about to cry.

It was the look of someone who thinks they have no one on their side, wishing they had one.

Not because of any other emotion.

He seemed to be purely looking for comfort.

"No, no need. I'm sorry. Really. Bad. Me......."

When I seemed to hesitate, Olivia's lips quivered and she forced a smile.

"Okay."

Eventually, I made my way over to Olivia's side and gently put my arm around her shoulders.

Olivia buried her face in my shoulder.

Her shoulders heave. Little by little, slowly, like she's taking her first breath after birth.

Olivia cried, very quietly.

"Thanks....... Reinhardt."

I felt pathetic as I tried to figure out what to say to comfort him.

I realized that comfort is more than just words. I was reminded.



* * *



Olivia cried for a long time and then ran out of the cafe.

"...... sold."

He was embarrassed that he was sobbing in front of everyone.

"Don't you think a puffy eye is embarrassing enough as it is?"

"Gee, really?!"

Olivia's complexion turned pensive at my words and she scratched her face. I don't have a mirror, so what's the point?

"Oh my God, I have to go to Miss Temple today, and I don't want my eyes to glaze over!"

"Don't worry, it doesn't look that way."

"But it's the subtleties that make the difference! I can't even win the tournament, so Miss Temple has to win the real thing! What are you gonna do, Reinhardt? If I don't win, I'm not gonna be able to......."

Olivia sobbed again, and then held it in, thinking that if she cried more, her eyes might swell even more.

I'm feeling better. I think I can feel things getting back to normal.

In the end, what's done is done.

The tournament was over, and Olivia now had her sights set on Miss Temple.

Now I don't know who I want to be Miss Temple. Olivia rubs her face, muttering in a desperate voice that the mention of her puffy eyes has bothered her so much.

"Hah....... I don't even have a dress and I'm going out looking like this......."

"Why don't you have a dress? You know, the one from the last fundraiser."

Olivia laughed in embarrassment at my comment.

"That's because....... I actually sold it to......."

"......."

I didn't have to ask why she'd sold it. Olivia was breaking out in a cold sweat, as if she thought I was going to come clean.

I don't even know what to say about this, that he was selling his property to help others.

"Can't I borrow that....... Can't I borrow it?"

"It's a lot of money to rent ......."

You'll probably look like you're going out in your school uniform, and you'll probably look like you didn't prepare and just went with your face, which is the perfect way to look like an asshole.

I think of Olivia standing in her school uniform, alone and without makeup, in a crowd of people dressed to the nines.

I don't know what that would actually look like, but somehow I knew it would be miserable.

I don't know if I would have won an unlimited tournament, but I did lose a forfeit in the final.

Dress.

Dresses.......

"......."

"...... Are you angry?"

"......No. Not that."

Dress.

No. No.

But I think we have similar body types, I'm taller, but I've been downsizing a bit since then.

I didn't want to throw it away, so I gave it to Elise to sell back.......

You probably haven't sold it yet.......

No, but it's possible that there's someone out there who does remember.

But it's like, "Well, there's got to be some sort of design," so what happens?

This is really dangerous.......

Wouldn't it be better to just give her money to buy a dress?

But honestly, it's not a dollar, and I don't have a lot of time, so I might as well just wear it instead of going to a boutique and trying to find the right size and design.

I realize there's no reason to do this.

Right now, Olivia was looking so much worse for wear.

I feel so bad for you and wish I could do something about it.

"Go to ...... and wait for me in the dorm."

"Huh?"

"Go ahead and wait anyway."

"Oh, okay......."

If you ask me where I got my dress, I have nothing to tell you.

Yeah, well, if you get caught doing that!

My sister looks like this.

I'll sell you some of that shit!

I have a lot to apologize for this time!

What are you going to do if you find out? Are you going to kill me?

I left the temple, leaving Olivia, who didn't speak English and was bewildered at being told to wait.



* * *



"He lost in the final of a tournament."

"...... fell off?"

"Yeah, I don't know why, but he abstained?"

Ellen, who was getting ready for the Miss Temple contest, shook her head at Riana's comment.

Ellen's mouth dropped open slightly at the unexpected revelation that Olivia had vaguely thought she was going to win.

While the details of the situation are unknown, the audience seemed quite upset that the tournament final ended in such an unconvincing manner.

Abstain.

Someone who looked like a sure winner withdrew.

She had a vague idea that it was for some reason, but Ellen wondered what that reason was.

Reinhardt would have gone to the finals, but do you know why?

"Oh, there he is. Him."

Riana pointed out the window, and Ellen could see Olivia looking out the first floor window.

Olivia was alone.

Ellen finds herself somehow relieved by this fact.

Olivia didn't look happy, even if she tried to pretend. We don't know what caused her to abstain, but her eyes were wide open.

"Are you crying......?

I cried.

And he came back alone.

I thought Reinhardt might be next to me, but he wasn't.

"Look right here."

"Ah....... Yeah."

Riana turned Ellen's head and started touching her.

We don't know what happened to the tournament, but he'll be in Miss Temple soon enough.

We're not even going after Miss Temple.

Ellen made up her mind.

I'm going to put on a good show today. I practiced smiling in the mirror a lot. It didn't work, but I kept trying.

I'm going to stand in front of Reinhardt with a different look.

After the contest, regardless of the outcome, let's spend a little time together. We were too busy to spend time with each other during the festivities, and I'm sure Reinhardt would make time for you today.

Ellen doesn't know what Reinhardt's facial expression will be, and she doesn't know what she should be doing.

For today, Ellen decided to forget about everything else and just think about her heart.

Not Harriet, not Olivia, not anyone else.

For today, I decided not to think about anyone but Reinhardt.





