Episode 317.





The Miss & Mr. Temple contest starts at 7 p.m. It's now 4pm.

I don't have much time left. It's possible that it might not fit, but I'm guessing it's pretty close based on eye contact. I didn't really care about the size of what I was wearing.

It's only been two days, so she probably hasn't sold it yet.

Olivia will actually need to get to the contest venue a bit sooner, as the contestants will need to gather beforehand. So we need to give her the dress before then.

If someone looks at your dress and points out that it was worn by a girl who won a pageant.......

......I don't know that.

I don't know! It'll work!

I'll sell you something!

No one died of embarrassment!

Not in a position to waste time, I hurriedly headed to the Aligarh shopping district, where Eleris' shop is located.

"......Crazy."

The fastest way to travel within the ecliptic is by horsepower train.

There were too many people on the ecliptic during the temple festival.

As such, the horse-drawn train was packed with people waiting to board. After sending three trains down the line, I was still unable to board.

It's not too late.

Still, a horsepower train is surely faster than walking or running, so I nervously waited for the train and boarded.

I don't know why in the world I have to take a hellraiser, but somehow I made it to the Aligarh shopping district.

Now all you have to do is go to Eleris's room under the ring and get the dress.

By the way.

I don't have eyes in the back of my head.

But now I have a feeling that serves as a kind of eye.

Discomfort.

There's an uncomfortable feeling behind your back. A feeling of something unpleasant, somehow sticky or sinister, clinging to your back.

You'll know it intuitively.

You're being followed.

"......If you're going to follow me, shouldn't you at least hide your body?"

In my school uniform, with no intention of hiding somewhere. In the middle of the crowded Aligarh shopping boulevard, Radia Schmidt stood still, watching me.

"......."

I thought she was a little bitch, but now she's following me. Radia Schmidt walks up to me with a coy smile on her face.

"Reinhard, I need to ask you a favor."

"What do you want?"

"Stay away from Olivia. Please."

Radia Schmidt's eyes were creepy to look at.

Olivia wondered if she'd ever seen an asshole with eyes like that, begging without even trying.

A little experience is bad enough, but this was happening all around me.

It's a wonder Olivia was still sane.

"It's all because of you. It's because of you that Olivia is the way she is, that she's fallen, that she's fallen away from God, and if you're gone, if you're gone, she'll be all right again. Don't you think so?"

"......, I think you're mistaken. Olivia had already decided to give up her faith before she met me, and it has nothing to do with me."

The order is reversed. Olivia was already that way before she met me, so it's ridiculous to blame it on me.

Radia Schmidt was staring at me as if mesmerized by something.

"No, it's you. Olivia was able to change her mind, up until then. Everything has been wrong since Olivia met you."

I can't talk to you because you've already made up your mind. You don't care that the Crusaders did something horrible to Olivia.

No, you'd say, that's the kind of thing you're supposed to do to keep people on the right path.

There's nothing I can do about everything you say and do after the fact.

This person will not be persuaded by my words.

"Please, Reinhardt. Stay away from Olivia. I'm begging you. Without you. Without you, Olivia will be able to get back on the right path. I'll get down on my knees, I'll do anything you ask. So let her go. Please, before something even sadder happens. Let her go. Before something irreparable happens."

This attitude that he hated me but would do anything for Olivia was foreign to me. This is a man who would kill himself for Olivia.

Why do we do this?

I find myself thinking what Olivia was thinking.

Just as Olivia couldn't figure out why she needed to do this, I couldn't either.

"Do me a favor. Leave my sister alone. Even if he's a genius who's not coming back in the century, there are people who are more faithful and capable than him, and why did you have to leave the damn thing with Olivia, who doesn't like it. I don't know what you want from her, but you're not the one who's going to get away with it, either, and I don't know what you want from her. Just do it. Isn't that right?"

"No! Olivia! Olivia is the only one! Olivia is the only one who deserves it! Olivia is meant to be!"

Radia Schmidt shouted, and passersby began to stare at the two of us.

It's as if they intuitively knew something wasn't right.

"Only Olivia is destined to unite our Five Great Houses, and become the Holy Emperor of the soon-to-be-established Millennial Empire."

"......what?"

My head seemed to stop spinning at the sudden bullshit.

A millennium?

What the hell is this?

"Olivia was meant to do that. She's the only one who deserves it. She's the only one who has the looks, the talent, the ability, the personality, and you're ruining it."

In Radia Schmidt's eyes, I could only read the abyss.

A man who believed in the divine, but I saw only darkness in his eyes.

Apparently, Radia Schmidt didn't just want Olivia to regain her faith.

It was clear that he wanted to be something bigger, the master of his own destiny.

But one word seemed to get stuck in my throat.

Thriving in the Millennium.

What the heck does this mean?

If Radia Schmidt was just a crazy person, then it was just a matter of dealing with her.

But there's something that should never be taken lightly.

"What's with the millennium?"

Radia Schmidt's face hardened again at my reverse question.

"...... I don't need to know anything about you."

They try to hide it, as if they've made a mistake.

It's not just bullshit.

There's something there. It means you got emotional and said something you shouldn't have. There's no point in covering it up if it's just a rant.

Some inferences can be made.

While some of the people urging Olivia to return to her faith may be doing so out of personal desire, Radia Schmidt says it means something different.

Now Radia Schmidt seems to be talking about the independence of the Five Great Houses. They are independent enough as it is, but the idea of creating an entire nation reads like this.

It's not impossible that it's just Radia Schmidt's delusions, but if there's a group of people who think that way, it complicates matters.

There is one more revolutionary force.

Then it's not just a matter of getting rid of one crazy bitch.

Of course, the heat had to be turned up even higher.

They end up imposing their ideas on Olivia.

Why do we have to force this?

I was disgusted by the look on his face, the way he didn't even think it was forced. The way he didn't even think about the rightness or wrongness of what he was doing, what he wanted to do, because it was the right thing to do.

Corrupted clerics are disgusting,

Fanatics are disgusting and unpleasant.

There was a lot I wanted to say.

A million things that could never be good went through my head, but I couldn't bring myself to say them.

I watch Radia Schmidt in silence.

He followed me on the sidewalk in public.

You can also see him subtly wringing his hands.

He would give his life to bring Olivia back.

That means he's willing to kill someone to get Olivia back.

You don't have to go there.

The anger, hatred, resentment, and other emotions directed at me, coupled with the uncomfortable, clingy stare, says it all.

Irreversible.

I said something sad might happen.

That's all it says, isn't it?

This person is trying to kill me.

It's a millennial empire, so I guess they have a sense of mission.

Whether anyone sees it or not, they'll try to kill me because they think it's justice. It's not hard to predict this madness, as we've seen it once before.

That's why he tried to talk me out of it.

Since that was denied, Radia Schmidt's next option is very likely to be to kill me.

You don't want to get into a fight on the sidewalk, but if they start using their hands, you're going to have to use yours.

High probability, if I fight this person, I die.

We've had a lot of good luck in the past, but there are no guarantees.

I wonder if they would react differently if they knew I was the owner of Tiamata.

For a fanatic like me, there's nothing quite like Tiamata.

But you can't rely on Tiamata alone.

If I were Tuan's champion, I'd probably ask him to convince Olivia to join him, or put another annoying bridle on him.

Radia Schmidt is too dangerous.

And there's a very good chance they know something even more dangerous.

First, we need to figure out what it is.

"I think you and I have a lot to talk about."

"If you don't stay away from Olivia, I have nothing more to say to you......."

"Why don't we go somewhere quiet and talk?"

"!"

Radia Schmidt's face hardened at my words.

Not because you're embarrassed, but because it's completely unexpected.

You're about to be killed whether people see you or not, and your prey suddenly asks you to go somewhere off the beaten path to talk.

You're ready to kill me, haul me off to jail, and stand trial for murder.

However, if you kill me in a secret place and hide the body, you won't be seen.

It's a complete crime, and the country can only make the eyesore go away.

"......I'm good."

Radia Schmidt smirks as if she's dreaming of perfect crime.

It gives me goosebumps all over, but I can't help it.

"But first, I need to take care of something. Let's take care of that first. It won't take long. You can come with me."

"Good."

You'll soon realize that if you wanted to kill me, you should have attacked me now.

Your utterly criminal greed will ruin everything.

I was quite surprised to find myself casually having these thoughts and conversations.

Toilets are a little different from the original toilets.

It doesn't make much of a difference. You're still going to find Elyse.

Radia Schmidt seems to think that the hunted are walking right into the trap.



* * *



It's daytime, so she should be in the store by now.

The walk with Radia Schmidt didn't last long, as we had already arrived at the Aligarh Shopping Center.

Radia Schmidt didn't ask where she was going or what it was for. My job is done right now, and I'm sure you're thinking about what to do with me in a quiet place.

The hunter had no idea that he was now the hunted.

Okay, let's imagine.

I may be a freshman tournament winner, but Radia Schmidt has to be confident in her ability to take me down, and I know it.

No matter what I do, and even if I do notice and run away, I'm confident that they'll catch up with me.

-delay

"......a."

Elise, as usual, stretched out on the counter, surprised to see me come in, and again surprised to see a Temple girl behind me whom she had never seen before.

I'm sure she's a little embarrassed by this situation, but this is never a good time.

I say in the store that I'm in for a reason.

It actually has a purpose.

"Don't ask, don't tell, but put some noise canceling around it."

"Yes."

Eleris didn't know what was going on, but she did as she was told. The soundproofing spell unfolded, and Radia Schmidt narrowed her brow slightly as she sensed something odd in the air.

Yeah, there's no way to predict this.

You wouldn't expect to walk into a random store and start barking orders at the owner.

"And if you have any bind or incapacitate spells, use them on him. Something strong. This is no ordinary bet."

"Yes."

"......You!"

Elise still didn't understand the situation, but she followed the instructions exactly.

Radia Schmidt was about to take action when a look of defeat crossed her face, but Elise was faster.

-Kang! Ka-kang!

"Poof!"

With terrifying casting speed, a jet-black chain appeared out of thin air, binding Radia Schmidt's limbs.

-Kagak! Kagak!

Her arms were lifted to the sky, and her legs were bound to the ground. Radia Schmidt struggled with her divine power, but the chains Eleris had summoned didn't budge, except for a slight rattle.

"You, you asshole, what are you doing!"

No wonder Radia Schmidt is flustered: who would have thought it would suddenly look like this?

-click!

She even locked the door to the shop so that no one would see what she was doing. She did as she was told and didn't ask me anything.

"This, this....... I can't untie this right now! Who is he and what is he trying to do to me!"

Radia Schmidt couldn't understand the situation, but I had no intention of making her understand it, just as she had no intention of making me understand it.

"Loosen it! Loosen it!"

Just as she only said what she wanted to say to me, I will only say what I want to say to her.

-snarl

"This, do you recognize it?"

"T....... Tiamata? That, that....... that you....... how......?"

"Believe it or not, I am the master of Tiamata. The world calls me the Champion of Tuan....... or something like that."

The guy you're trying to kill suddenly traps you, or summons a Tiamata.

It's an unbelievable situation. But Radia will never think that the Tiamata in my hand is a fake. For no matter how long an object has been hidden from the world, it is impossible not to recognize the divinity that radiates from its appearance and from the holy object itself.

Radia Schmidt tried to convince me to stay away from Olivia before going to the extreme.

So, I give it a chance.

"So, you're going to have to be good at answering my questions from now on."

"If you stretch, stare, or talk bullshit......."

I slapped Radia Schmidt on the cheek, bound by Tiamata's sword face.

"Because the power of that god you love so much might split your skull open."

Radia Schmidt just stared at me, wide-eyed.





