Episode 319.





Adriana is in the care of an unnamed order.

To be precise, it's Levereer Lanchester.

Olivia wants to win the lottery by having Leverier Lanchester defend her, and secondly, she wants to establish Olivia Lanchester as a mascot to represent her desires.

Levereer Ranze had originally intended for Olivia to be the next Crusader Knight. Perhaps the Holy Empire was part of the plan.

Because of the unforeseen variable of disappearance, Levereer Ranze took the approach of creating a secret religious order.

Regardless of the truth, Leverier Lance's disappearance sparked a backlash in the religious community, and as a result, he remains influential and growing.

Adriana's departure from the Temple was detrimental to her safety.

Leviathan will try to lure Olivia away.

And Olivia won't be able to resist a deal that puts Adriana's life on the line.

Like the final against Radia Schmidt, there is no option to withdraw.

As long as Adriana is held hostage, Olivia will be a puppet of Leviathan.

The sun has gone down and it's already night.

I see Radia Schmidt, tied up and shaking her head, inside Elise's shop.

Today, Radia Schmidt unexpectedly used a dangerous power called Berserk in the final.

He kept trying to convince her to come back to God. But in the end, Olivia abstained.

As far as I'm concerned, it was a flimsy plan.

On top of that, Radia Schmidt kept telling Olivia that something even sadder was going to happen.

I thought it was some crazy person's ramblings.

Olivia had been warning her that Adriana would get hurt if she didn't come back quietly.

You said you'd bend your arms inward.

He didn't want Adriana, a member of the same Five Great Houses, to get hurt, so he resorted to unorthodox methods to dissuade Olivia.

And the one that tried to kill me.

It was probably because I wasn't a member of the Five Great Houses and she thought I was the one who had corrupted Olivia.

She had decided it was better for me to die than for Adriana.

That's how this weird thing happened today.

Adriana is in danger at this point.

You need to get your hands dirty as soon as possible.

"Levereer Ranze, where are you?"

"......."

It may be too late for the revolutionary forces, but the nameless order formed in the wake of Leverier Lance's disappearance is not yet very large.

If you don't stomp on it at this point, it's going to get out of hand.

Radia Schmidt thinks I am a very dangerous and evil being who cannot be known in its entirety.

You would think that Levereer Lanchester would be killed by me. So I cannot speak.

But if they won't talk, there are ways to force them to talk.

Tears welled up in the corners of Radia Schmidt's eyes.

"Please....... Please......."

She began to freak out, unable to say release, unable to say she couldn't speak.

"Just....... kill me......."

She would rather die. She knows we won't kill her gently, but her best option right now is for us to be merciful in the name of death.

"Please, please....... Death, a clean death....... Please......."

To reveal the location of the Leviathan would be a great betrayal, and she could not bear it.

But being a vampire is also unbearable.

That is why Radia Schmidt begs for death from both of us, the evil ones. In front of Radia Schmidt, bound and begging to be killed, I squatted.

"Why are you crying?"

I bring my hand to Radia Schmidt's sobbing cheek and gently wipe away her tears.

"Why is this a betrayal? I don't understand."

"......."

"I am Tuan's champion, and as such, my every action should represent Tuan's will above all else, not that of a power-mad Levereer Lance, who was removed from his position as head of the Crusade Knights and created a fringe organization within the Order of the Great Gods."

"Hmph, hmph....... Ugh......."

My sophistry is compounded by Radia Schmidt's misanthropy.

"God is omnipotent."

"I am evil, as you think, but if I were not worthy to hold the Tiamata, I would not be its owner. Whether I meet a miserable end, or an even greater hero comes along and takes it from me, it is all part of Tuan's plan, isn't it?"

"Because God is omnipotent."

"So. If I'm part of the plan of such an almighty being, then whatever happens to me, my every action is more in tune with the will of God than someone like Leviathan. Isn't that right?"

"So if my will is God's will, then that's what Tuan is hoping for right now."

"A nameless order is a heresy."

"So, it has to go away."

"Come on, senior. Don't cry. It's nothing to cry about, not at all."

"You're so blind to the fact that things are being done by the will of God."

"You're cooperating with the Champion of Tuan, not some mysterious, evil, strange entity. Why is that a betrayal?"

I wrap my hands around Radia Schmidt's face and smile at her. The despair in Radia Schmidt's eyes is palpable.

"You're just getting back on the right track. You were on the wrong path for a while, so it's not a betrayal."

I could read your inward denial of my words, but your desperate need to believe them.

Why is this a betrayal.

I'm not just saying that, I actually think so.

"Penitentiary."

Do penance.

Now get back on the right track.

Why would it be unfaithful to escape the clutches of the false prophet Leviathan and join the champions of Tuan?

I love the contradictions of being the apostle of a goddess of purity and having a vampire as his antithesis.

Once you accept that everything is Tuan's will, you can relax.

If this is all part of God's plan.

Once you acknowledge that.

You may not become a vampire.

If anything, it makes it all the more honorable.

"Hey, are you sure....... really....... such....... like that......?"

Radia Schmidt looks at me, sobbing, desperate for answers.

It's not about being persuaded.

It's fallen apart.

"Trust me, senior."

Replace one fanaticism with another.

"Because believing in me is no different than serving God."

Fear makes people crazy.

It's no different for someone who's already gone crazy.

Give in to me and Radia Schmidt will invent logic to defend me.

All the suspicions and questions I have. It's all part of being a champion of Tuan, so I'll swallow all my doubts with the idea that it's all God's will.

"May all of this....... May this really be what God has planned......."

Yes.

I am a god greater than the five great gods.

So when I say that believing in me is serving God, it's really not that different from the reality.

I stroked Radia Schmidt's hair as she knelt in front of me, chilled.

I gritted my teeth.

I was hoping that today would be the day.

At least for today.

I.

I had to go somewhere.

In front of a fainting Radia Schmidt, I turn my head and see Elise.

"Call for Sarkegar and Loyaar."

It's not something you can do on your own.

Even if you can do it alone, you shouldn't have to do it alone.

It's not just a matter of a nameless order.

Signs of division are everywhere.

Empires must not fall.

"They all go together."

"Yes."

This incident should have happened in Valier's name, not Reinhardt's.

The enemy of mankind must reappear.



* * *



Miss Temple contestant waiting room.

Ellen was in her dress, undergoing a final inspection.

"It's the best."

"......That's great."

It was getting closer and closer to the start of the Miss Temple contest. The contest was on a different scale and in a different venue.

Even if it's not the main stadium that hosts the tournament finals, it's a huge concert hall.

Riana has come over to Ellen's side, having been looking out for Kliffman.

"But I didn't see him."

Riana shook her head as she fixed Ellen's makeup.

"It should be ......."

Either they'd already arrived and she hadn't seen them, or they'd be late. Ellen was more concerned about the other.

Reinhardt left the dorm in the morning and hasn't been seen all day.

As we were leaving, we saw off most of the Class A guys, as well as the Class B guys. Almost all of them were coming to watch the contest.

But there was no Reinhardt there.

"......."

"So, Reinhard, what's that asshole been doing all day anyway? I haven't seen a peep out of him."

Riana says grumpily.

"Well, if I don't see it, I'm the one who loses."

Riana eagerly applied Ellen's makeup, saying it would be a shame to miss out on seeing her so beautiful.

Ellen held the hem of her dress still.

It won't.

I know it is.

A strange feeling of unease tickled my chest.

It will definitely come.

I even asked him to come.

It won't come up.

Ellen took several deep breaths to calm her nerves.



* * *



We convened everyone.

Elise, Sarkegar, and Loyaar.

We moved to Eleris' mass teleport.

I was still in my Temple uniform, so I changed into the civilian clothes I'd left at Eleris's house.

-Flash!

The location was outside the southern ecliptic. The location was quite far south of the ecliptic.

We landed in a small town in the southern part of the ecliptic.

It was a very small village, less than two dozen households, with only a few people living on the outskirts and farming.

It was one of those neighborhoods on the outskirts of the city, just one of those places.

We had just teleported to a hillbilly on the outskirts of the neighborhood that led to the main street.

"Great....... Teleport to......."

Radia Schmidt shudders in horror when she experiences mass teleportation.

"Is ...... okay?"

I nodded stiffly at Loyar's words.

I haven't explained the details yet. I just said we have a big fight and we need it.

Sarkozy may not have been able to convince me why I should risk the fragmentation of the empire, but I chose to believe him.

Above all, this is when we need Sarkegar the most.

Radia Schmidt didn't know if Loyar and Sarkegar still existed, and she was terrified. You'd think they'd be just as terrifying as Eleris.

First of all, the goal is not that town.

"If you go over the hill over there....... there's an abandoned monastery, where......."

"It's the temporary home of a nameless order."

"Yes."

Even though it's an internal faith community, eventually they won't be able to meet in public. So for now, until they have a strong enough following, their regular meetings will be held off-site, like this one.

If we get a little bigger, or if we really start to make a name for ourselves in the religious community, we might have a formal gathering, but we're not there yet.

It's about preemptively killing monsters with unmanageable growth.

Radia Schmidt was afraid of what would happen if she refused to submit to me, so she finally gave in.

Become a vampire.

You think this is the will of God.

I have a Tiamata, and it was a great thing for Radia Schmidt to rationalize to herself.

Radia Schmidt's disposition, once the affairs of the Order of the Nameless and the Leviathan were over.

"Is Adriana being held in a monastery?"

"Yes, I don't remember the exact location, but....... It was definitely there."

Adriana is the bait to lure Olivia in.

Radia Schmidt tried to attack me because she thought it would be better for me, a non-believer and the one responsible for Olivia's corruption, to die than for her to lure Olivia in exchange for Adriana's life.

The entire nameless order probably isn't in an abandoned monastery, but the key players are.

Libertarian Lance.

First, we need to kill the centerpiece of this bullshit, the Reverie Rancher.

No matter what.

We don't know if it will solve everything. But it's something we need to do right now.

"What's the power?"

"The resident population is about twenty high-ranking paladins......."

"How good are you?"

"All Demon War participants....... Chief....... Oh, no. These are Leviathan Lance's closest associates....... who resigned with him when he stepped down as leader......."

Levereer Ranze's closest advisors are veterans of the Great Demon War.

There are other powers, I'm sure, but there are twenty high-ranking paladins who've been through the wringer, and Leviathan Lance.

Eleris is a powerful mage, but she's also a vampire. Fighting against the paladins was clearly going to be a challenge.

We don't plan to go head-to-head.

"Okay, the plan isn't that complicated."

We need to get Adriana out of there first.

"Sarkegar, I want you to infiltrate and locate Adriana. If you can sneak her in, bring her back."

Sarkhegar's infiltration abilities allow him to locate Adriana first.

"If you can't get him, come back. If we can't, we'll find a way to get you out later, disguised as a Leviathan."

Radia Schmidt probably doesn't understand what the hell I'm talking about, but I don't have time to explain it to her.

"If we can get Adriana back safely, Eleris will tear the monastery apart with a massive destructive spell. Hopefully we can kill them all in one fell swoop, but maybe not, and then it's a battle."

Securing Adriana is a priority.

Kill the rest.

Eleris clenched her fists.

I didn't say I couldn't do it, and I wasn't in a position to.

If you leave it alone, it will cost you more.

She would have agreed that they needed to act now.

"And, while I'm at it, I should show you."

"You show me....... which......?"

It's important to know who is responsible for this.

What's going to happen today is not something that can be handled stealthily.

Fortunately, the region is outside the ecliptic. Even if there is a disturbance, the imperial family cannot act immediately. The presence of Radia Schmidt prevents them from speaking directly.

"Let's make sure we're seen."

Demon residue.

Reveal that it exists.

No revolutionary forces, no discontent from the High Patriarch. A public enemy reemerges, temporarily sealing the divisions of the Empire.

Sarkegar was still at a loss.

"What the hell is wrong with......."

"Wait."

Sarkegar was about to ask a question when Loyar suddenly raised a hand to stop him.

Loyard points to the bottom of the hill.

"Someone's coming."

There was a road leading into the village.

"Olivia......!"

Radia Schmidt's eyes widened, and so did mine.

Olivia is on her way.

She must have lured Adriana in with bait. An urgent-looking Olivia was running at a frightening pace, heading somewhere.

Even Olivia gets tangled up in it.

There's no time to delay.

"Sarkegar, get Adriana out, as well as that guy and that guy. Get in there, now."

"......Yes, I see."

Sarkhegar transformed into a sparrow and flew across the night sky.

My heart is beating like crazy.

Adriana and Olivia.

Neither should be involved in this fight.





