Episode 321.





Humans need to realize that the Demon War is far from over.

Eleris understood, Loyaar didn't question, and Sarkegar didn't seem to know why he should, but he didn't argue.

Radia Schmidt will not be sent into battle. I've left her under Eleris' watch, in case she goes off on a tangent.

Things happened.

After seeing Sarkeghar take Olivia and Adriana away, he sprang into action.

Drop it somewhere safe, and they'll run away, though they'll question why you rescued them.

Today's mysterious massacre will be reported as the work of demons.

I had Sarkegar fly around a bit in his demonic form. We need witnesses to spread the word.

Of course, the guys on the ground can't be eyewitnesses.

They'll all die.

In the monastery that was destroyed by Eleris' magic, all of the remnants were killed by this hellish destructive spell.

These destructive spells have failed to harm me or Loyar. As great as these destructive spells are, the fact that they don't target anyone is already a testament to Eleris' skill as a mage.

Loyar and I are the only ones free from the heat that should have burned our skin to charcoal.

The remnants have left no corpses behind, and the survivors are forced to fight in extreme conditions of lightning storms and firestorms.

During the Demon Captivity incident, Eleris was able to create a firestorm, but she wasn't willing to kill anyone.

But this time, it's a spell that is cast to annihilate all enemies.

It seemed daunting for the paladins to use holy magic to protect themselves in the extreme heat.

What remains, however, are the most elite paladins, including Reverie Ranze.

-kooooooooooo!

Lycanthropized Loyar also fights, this time to kill his opponent.

-Bang! Quack! bang!

They weren't pushing the paladins away with their enchanted nails, they were picking them up, throwing them to the ground, grabbing them with both hands and tearing them apart.

-Quadruple!

-Crack!

Loyar bit off the head of one of the paladins, grabbing its torso and pulling it down, while simultaneously lifting its mouth upward.

-puddle!

-the......a.......

Loyar roughly chews on the decapitated paladin's head.

Blood trickled from the corners of the silver beast's mouth, and its eyes glistened with red.

Loyar.

I knew that, but Loyar's true colors were creepy.

But if you're strong, that's it.

It's not a full moon, but it's a near full night.

Elise will be at her peak, and so will Loyardo.

"Hmph!"

-Quack!

I take a few steps back, parrying Leviathan's downward slash.

An elite paladin, the key to the case and the enemy you must kill.

Libertarian Lance.

He was the one I was dealing with.

"How can a demon hold a tiara?"

"Because it's God's will."

Normally, I'm not a good choice to deal with.

However, I stood before him. His face twisted at my words of divine will.

"How dare a demonic people discuss divinity."

"Are you, in the face of the power of God, denying it?"

"Shut up, little devil, I don't know how you found it, but I can't stand to hear you insult the gods anymore!"

Leviathan Lance charges at me with his greatsword raised.

Captain of the Crusader Knights and veteran of veterans.

"Hmph!"

-Quang!

Even if I had strengthened my body with magical enhancements, it would be impossible for me to take on a veteran like this.

A single parting of the sword was enough to send me stumbling backward with a shock that felt like it would crush my entire body.

"That sucks, you really are the devil."

Levereer Ranchers are spending most of their energy protecting themselves.

Still, it's an overwhelming disadvantage.

No wonder.

Nevertheless, I stood in front of Leverier Ranze.

Only by standing before him.

Kidnapping Adriana, unable to let go of his obsession with Olivia, and standing in front of this bastard.

I would be able to draw out the true anger.

-Woof

"If this isn't the power of the gods, what is it?"

This is because it brings out the true power of Tiamata.

"Divine power....... Use it....... Demons......."

I see the gleam of horror and disgust in Leviathan's eyes.

-Flash!

The holy light explodes and engulfs me.

Magical enhancement followed by physical enhancement from divine power. The power of Olivia Lance imbues my body.

-Quack!

The greatsword and Tiamata clash, creating a fierce shockwave.

The white light of Reverie Lance's sword. He's not a Swordmaster, but he's not much different from one. At my current level, I should be overwhelmingly defeated a hundred times.

However, Leviathan Rancher can't just focus on fighting me.

He is now entering a furnace that could turn him from a piece of iron into a pile of flesh.

And I'd say Enchantment, followed by Self-Suggestion, and then Tiamata's Divine Power.

And the words.

"Fuck you!"

-Bam!

"Boom!"

Levereer Ranze, who had retreated from my blade, looked disbelieving.

He may be the heir to the throne, but he'll think he's a child, and he won't understand why he's stepping down.

I was just as overwhelmed.

The level of the spirits is too low for them to be able to draw their full power.

"Don't talk about God anymore. Young devil."

There is a cold fury in Leviathan's eyes.

I couldn't understand this situation, but I felt like I was becoming more and more focused on this fight. The divine power of Leviathan Ranze was overwhelming.

"Okay, whatever you are, we'll have to kill you before you become a more dangerous seed of evil."

-curl!

The white light within Leviathan's body explodes.

Tuan's divine power is most potent against unclean beings. The power of exorcism, so to speak.

But I am not a demon, so I am unaffected by Tuan's divine powers of exorcism.

-Quack!

"Boom!"

But that's just me.

He is outclassed by Revered Rancher in terms of power output, as well as in terms of holy power wielded through Tiamata.

If it weren't for the circumstances, I wouldn't have crossed swords with him more than a few times. Levereer Ranze looms over me like a giant.

"If you survive, you will live out the rest of your days in the dingy wallpaper of the Darklands. You're chasing after past fame."

Levereer Ranze looks at me the way he looks at a child who is about to strike.

I have a powerful mage, and a Lycanthrope, but I think he's already figured out that I'm not that powerful after all.

This is an epic battle.

But Revere Lance is the strongest paladin in his faction, and while I am a captain, I am weaker than my men.

So when I say I'm in the game, it's just a generalization.

I could draw on the power of Tiamata, but even so, I was gradually being pushed back.

With a determined look on his face, Levereer Ranze slams down one punch after another.

"Yes, there is no need for this organization. You have shown yourself well. If we kill you, the next flashpoint in the Demon War, and recover the Tuan Relic, we won't have to do any of this."

-Ka-ching!

"Poof!"

A single clash of swords was enough to send me bouncing backwards, almost rolling.

I could read a certain glee in Leverier Ranze's stony expression and eyes.

"This is Tuan's revelation to me."

He interprets the situation of the demon holding the holy sword in his own way.

Regardless of the cause and effect, he felt that he could claim the dual honor of being the one to slay the next Demon King and recover the Tuan's Relic.

When I show up with the Holy Sword of Tuan, they think I'm a pig trying to get into their house for money.

Now that I'm here, you don't need Olivia anymore.

He thinks Tuan is bringing him the holy relic and the young demon's head at the same time.

-Carded!

"!"

I couldn't push back the blunt thrusts of the sword, not even with sword to sword.

The illusion of Liberty Rancher is understandable. I'm not in a position to deal with him right now.

-Quack!

"Ugh!"

It was a struggle to even get the sword out of the way, and while my enchantments and protection prevented the sword from directly wounding me, I still felt the dull impact.

I felt like I'd been hit in the face with a sledgehammer and could barely think straight.

Several more intense attacks from Leviathan followed, and it was becoming increasingly difficult to maintain my enchantments.

My opponent is too strong for me.

That much is immutable.

-Bang! ka-gak!

"Boom!"

They don't realize it's a one-size-fits-all. Even if you're up against Loyar, who is slaughtering paladins right now, you don't know what's going to happen.

But I'm not fighting this battle alone.

-Quack! Flash!

"Poof!"

His brow narrows and he takes a few steps back as four consecutive Thunderstorm strokes land on Leviathan's body.

I'm not alone. Eleris is unleashing mass destruction magic, buying me time to prevent Leviathan from landing the decisive blow.

However, even a blow to the brain, which would have reduced a normal person to ashes, could only slow Leviathan Lance's pace slightly.

-Quack! Quack!

"You may be worthless, but your subordinates are worth something!"

I wasn't going to argue with that statement.

Approaching steadfastly, Leviathan no longer looked human to my eyes.

This is the real power of paladins.

Can we really call them human? They are more monstrous than I, a demon.

By now.

and you're doing it.

If you go back now, it's too late.

Raising a furiously weeping Tiamata, I parry the slashing greatsword of the Leviathan that rushes toward me, from the bottom up.

"Get lost!"

-Bam!

With a loud crack, the Leviathan's pectorals are clearly visible, and I stab my Tiamata into his chest.

-Flash!

-Quack!

I felt a frighteningly dull rebound from my thrust, and Leviathan and I bounced off in different directions.

"You, what?"

Leviathan's expression hardened. As if he sensed I was using unnatural power.

"It's the devil."

Tiamata cries.

It's reacting to my anger.

The reason for the anger is not different.

"Because of you......."

I point my Tiamata at him.

"Miss Temple, I couldn't make it."

"......what?"

You don't need talent.

I'm not upset that I missed it.

You said you needed one vote.

That one vote, I can't give.

I was worried that if I went to a contest, I'd have to think about who to vote for.

I don't have to worry about that anymore.

Leberian doesn't understand what I'm talking about.

-Crack!

In the midst of a thunderstorm and a firestorm, I think about it.

I wonder what Ellen is thinking right now.

You're probably resenting me because I'm not here.

I asked him to come.

I'm not the kind of kid to say that, but I did.

Saying you had no choice doesn't mean anything.

Saying you couldn't help it doesn't solve anything. It just builds and builds and builds until it becomes resentment and sadness.

But I can't not come.

Because I can't go around in circles and end up leaving people in crisis because of me.

I've created another unavoidable thing, and I've made someone sad.

I'm sick and tired of this malice.

To the bastard who created this situation.

"So fuck you."

Rage.

So, enough with the outrage.

-Woof!

"I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't need to talk to you anymore."

-curl!

With a powerful stride, he approaches me, step by step, and brings his greatsword down, enveloped in divine power.

Dangerous.

With a strong gut warning that I would die if I took it, I flung myself to the side.

-Quadruple!

He threw himself sideways with all his might and didn't get caught, but the ground where he struck was torn up like it was being eaten by a giant beast.

In addition to being an unbreakable shield, it draws on a torrent of power to wield a powerful physical force.

Leverier Ranze is, after all, a family man in his field.

If it weren't for his magical assistance, he would have been cut to pieces with a single swipe of his sword.

"All you can do is run away."

"Yeah, and over time, your zombie-like vitality will wear off."

"How dare you compare this divine power to such a lowly, disgusting creature!"

To treat him as an undead would be the greatest insult to the paladin of Tuan.

-koooooooooooooo!

In the distance, Loyar's battle cry could be heard through the din.

Once again, the lightning-covered Leviathan lunges at me.

He points his greatsword at me, caught in another torrent of divine power.

"Suck!"

Reverie Ranze is a Paladin.

Overwhelmingly protective, with little concern for defense. They fight by putting blunt force into a single blow and putting up with their opponents.

He can certainly do that. I'm sure he'd be tickled to death with that kind of high level destructive magic.

Leviathan's blow is coming once more. He and I are about twenty paces apart. In place, he points his sword at me, channeling holy power into his blade.

It's not coming. As if it doesn't need to come.

Twenty paces away from me,

He spins in place and points his sword at me.

If you don't dodge, you die.

-Whoosh!

My vision turned white, and a torrent of physical, divine power swept over the spot where I'd been just moments before.

"Boom!"

I dodged, but it was too late: part of my left shoulder was literally ripped off, and there was an intense pain that felt like I was on fire.

The divine power surging from Tiamata was sealing the wound, but nearly half of his shoulder was blown off.

I can tolerate the pain, but I can't use my left arm.

Crazy.

We're way past the point of the sword on this one.

Just as Saviolin Tana has an auror coat of arms on her sword and uses magical shockwaves, Leviathan Ranze can strike far beyond the reach of his sword with something like an insane holy power injector.

At its worst, prosecutors do things that are not unlike magic, and the worst part is that my opponent is one of them.

"Your resolve is broken, Demon King."

Leviathan's power is no match for mine. Even with Eleris assisting with magic from as far away as she can, Leviathan's defense is still strong.

Loyardo was too busy being swarmed by five or more paladins to pay attention to my side.

Feel the wall.

The walls feel different than they did for Ellen.

Instead of feeling like I couldn't catch up, I felt like the wall of death was slowly closing in on me.

What was I supposed to do?

Should I have waited to see Adriana die, to see Olivia fall to this guy?

Should we have stood by and watched the empire fall apart?

I knew that I'd be facing an enemy that I could never defeat at my current level.

So you're saying you had to stand by and watch someone die and be sacrificed?

I realize that I can't make everyone happy.

Understanding it and accepting it are two different things, so I stood in front of Leverier Ranze in my true form.

It's what I thought I had to do.

The pain in his shoulder gradually fades, but Reverie Ranze once again slings his sword over his shoulder and begins to imbue it with divine power.

That Holy Power Injector is unstoppable at my level.

You don't know if you're going to be able to dodge an attack that's going to reach you this time, over a large area, with just a poke.

If I get hit in the shoulder and live, but it cuts off my head, heart, or body.

I die as I am.

That's not all.

Loyaar couldn't take on every paladin.

-Sir, I'm in!

One of the paladins who had escaped Loyar's assault was charging toward Leveri Lance, intent on joining him.

Leviathan Lance calls out as he looks back to see the paladin quickly joining him.

"It's enough to tie your feet for a while! Go, Rondell!"

"Old!"

It's hard enough with the Reverie Lance, but when it's a two-on-one, I'm done. Even if that paladin can hold me off for a while, he won't be able to stop a Reverie Lance strike.

The paladin, who had begun to join us in the distance, brushed past Leviathan and was about to charge at me.

-Fu Hak!

"K......!"

I watched in horror as the paladin's blackened fingernails poked out of Leviathan's back and through his chest.

The paladin shouts.

"Lower, the gods are here!"

That was a sarkegar, not a paladin.





