Episode 323.





"Sir, what the hell is this....... What's going on?"

"I don't know. The point is, we shouldn't have gotten involved in that."

Olivia and Adriana were making their way through the forest. Olivia was leading the way, holding on to Adriana's hand in case she lost it.

When some sort of demonic entity kidnapped Adriana out of nowhere, she thought she had made a bad situation worse.

And when he realized the demon had taken hold of him, his heart sank.

As she was being dragged through the air like she was being kidnapped, I waited and watched, knowing that if I used my divine powers, Adriana might crash without my knowledge.

And.

When the demon dropped him and Adriana off in a forest far, far away, he couldn't help but panic.

I thought it was a given that I'd end up in some kind of trouble or with my life threatened.

Without another word, the demon released Adriana and Olivia, flapping its massive black wings and flying off into the distance.

In my head, I'm trying to figure out how to fight this demon I've never seen before. I don't even have a chance to fight it.

I was wondering if I should pull out Tiamata, but the moment never came.

When thunderstorms rolled in from the distance, lightning flashed, and a roaring firestorm erupted, I knew I was in trouble.

As much as she wanted to see what was going on, it was purely because of Adriana that Olivia didn't head in that direction.

We don't know what's going on, but we need to make sure Adriana is safe.

That's why Olivia was walking diligently to get away from the scene.

Adriana didn't understand the situation either.

"Listen, Adriana."

"Yes, sir."

"What happened to us. You can't tell anyone."

"Yes."

Adriana knows why Olivia is saying this.

"I don't know what it is, but if someone finds out about this, it's not going to go over well."

"It's ......."

Given the circumstances, it's inevitable that even the outer reaches of the ecliptic will soon be heavily scrutinized for the mayhem that took place there.

For some inexplicable reason, the devil had rescued them. If they did, they would never see the light of day, or worse, they would be labeled as the devil's agents.

And their silence will only be effective if all the paladins there are dead.

Olivia didn't realize what was happening.

However.

You need to get out of this place.

Olivia kept walking, and walking, and walking, with a firm grip on Adriana's hand.



* * *



If it was a small disturbance, there would be an uproar, and troops would be sent to investigate.

"Are you done?"

"Yes."

As such, we rallied far from the wastewater plant.

Me, Sarkegaard, Loyaar, Elise, and a trembling Radia Schmidt. Radia Schmidt hadn't seen the whole story.

But I've also seen demons flying through the night sky, road vampires unleashing mass destruction magic, and the silver beast Loyar.

I watched as the four of them slaughtered the best of the Crusaders, including Leviathan Ranze.

It was a fight that could not have been won if I had fought at my best and been fully prepared.

Normally, I would be no match for Leviathan Ranze. He was supposed to be fighting in a place with top-tier destructive magic that could reduce a man to ashes in an instant, and he was killed by an unexpected variable: Tiamata's demonization.

So technically, it's just a fluke that I created with Chugo and Magical Sword Tiamata, and not a massive increase in my skill.

However, it doesn't change the fact that I faced and killed the Leviathan.

The fleeing paladins were taken care of by Loyaar and Sarkegar.

"Da, you are....... You replace......."

Radia Schmidt could not help but think that in the midst of this inscrutable situation, I and my minions must seem like the absolutes of an inscrutable world.

So, now it was time to decide what to do with the terrified Radia Schmidt.

The information we needed was the whereabouts of Leverier Ranze, and we got it, solving the case.

So Radia Schmidt is useless. You stare at Radia Schmidt in horror.

The other three didn't call me degrading, so Radia Schmidt doesn't know my full identity yet.

However, since I'm raising demons, you probably already have some idea of who I am.

The demon reappeared.

We can't let Radia Schmidt go quietly.

I learned a lot of things I wasn't supposed to know.

Kill them, or turn them into vampires.

You must choose one of two options.

"Degradation."

However, Elise called out to me.

"This child, can you leave him with me?"

"You're taking over for ......?"

Eleris doesn't like killing.

Today, however, Eleris unleashed a series of mass destruction spells at my command.

The elite were killed by Loyar, but all those who weren't elite and couldn't defend themselves were slaughtered by Eleris.

That's why Elise's expression was so unhappy.

He didn't protest that he couldn't do that, he just did what he was told.

But you can't help but feel the pain.

So, if we don't need to do any more killing, we don't want to do it.

"I'll be in charge, and I'll make him harmless to us."

"!"

Radia was horrified by this.

"Please, please....... Please...... please. Lord, kill me....... Please kill me, please......."

Radia crouches down, sobbing and shaking. Eleris looks at Radia, and her expression is forlorn.

"I don't mean to make it a right."

"Well, then....... then."

"That's something we'll have to work on."

Faced with the choice of killing Radia or turning her into a vampire, Eleris seemed to think she had a better solution.

"......OK, I believe it."

"Thank you, degradation."

Eleris forced a trembling Radia to her feet. Loyaar and Sarkegar seemed to have nothing to say to her.

If I were Eleris, I'd do something that didn't kill Radia.

At least it's better than leaving it to Loyard and Sarkegar.

On top of all that, Radia Schmidt is the most elite paladin left in the city. Having an ally at your disposal can't hurt.



* * *



We returned to the ecliptic via Eleris' mass teleport.

Eleris held Radia Schmidt down. Radia's face was white with fear of what was about to happen to her, but she couldn't think to resist.

Where was the zealot, and what was left was a man shivering in fear of being bitten by a vampire?

What is Eleris going to do to Radia and how is she going to do it?

I wasn't sure, but it seemed like there was always a way around it. We'd have to wait and see how she handled it.

Leaving the two in Eleris' subterranean chamber, I, Loyaar, and Sarkegar took to the streets.

"Lowly, why is it necessary for the Empire to know of our existence?"

Sarkegaard asks the question he's been burying.

"A sense of crisis will unite humanity, and I don't think that unity can do us any good."

It's a valid question.

"I think so, too."

Loyardo, who had been silent, said.

I did what I was told, but I can't help but wonder. As for Tiamata, I didn't question him because he had mentioned it in the context of catching up.

"I have an idea, and I'll explain it to you soon."

"......."

"......."

"I'm a little busy right now."

Sarkegar shut up as if he understood, and Loyaar seemed to have gotten over it.

If I thought hard enough, I could come up with an excuse, I could convince myself, but I didn't have time for that right now.

"Here we go."

All I could think about was getting back to my templates.



* * *



The time was already close to midnight.

The official part of the festival wrapped up today, Friday.

The winner of the Miss Temple contest is Ellen.

Unfortunately, Cliff wasn't the winner of the Mr. Temple contest, but he did manage to get enough votes from the girls on stage to take third place.

After the contest, there was even a parade featuring Miss & Mr. Temple.

Ellen hadn't realized there was such a thing, but it was nice.

Reinhardt was nowhere to be seen, not in the main event, not in the parade.

Ellen changed her clothes with Riana's help.

"Something must have happened."

"......."

Riana was in no hurry to say it, just blurted it out. Ellen understood, because she wasn't stupid enough not to know what she was talking about.

Many of my classmates who said congratulations looked at me as if they felt sorry for me.

She knew why he was looking at her that way.

Herriot hugged her wordlessly. Herriot seemed genuinely sad, and that made Ellen feel even more miserable.

It was a day that everyone deserved to celebrate, but Ellen couldn't remember a single thing she'd heard or said.

I felt like my soul had escaped and returned.

Today, what happened.

What did I do.

For a moment, I thought I was dreaming.

Dreams.

Vain and vain.

Because the moments I spent working toward it were in vain.

Ellen sat dazedly on the bed after Riana returned, having removed her makeup and showered.

The cheers and applause of the crowd rang out like a distant echo.

There was someone who wanted to win.

I had a vote I wanted to get.

But.

Neither was there.

"......."

I wonder if they're together.

Ellen felt miserable for thinking about it.

I was cheered on by everyone, I was praised by everyone.

Somehow.

I felt like I had failed at everything.

Ellen sees a trophy in the room, proof that she won Miss Temple.

I didn't need that.

They say it can't hurt, but it's definitely proof of someone's recognition.

Ellen stared at the trophy, then opened the door.

I thought I'd cheer myself up.

Ellen opened the visit.

I'm just going for a walk.

I want to go for a walk.

There's no other reason. I'm looking around the hallways, I'm looking around the lobby.

Who's back. Looking to see who's not there.

Thinking I was just trying to make myself feel better.

Ellen scans the A-class dormitory in silence, heading out the door.

She was wearing lightweight sweatpants. It didn't seem like much had changed, but Ellen was curious to see her reflection in the window.

Dressing up seems to be very important.

Ellen finds herself back in her sweatpants, looking through the window.

The gap between who I was not too long ago and who I am now is huge.

Even when I was dressed up in a fancy dress and heavy makeup, I felt miserable.

Now that it was back to its original form, it looked even more miserable than before.

I wanted to show you.

What a look on your face when you see me.

I was wondering.

I was trying to figure out what to say with that look.

With that thought stuck in her head, Ellen heads out of the dorm.

I'm not coming back today.

Just in case, something bad happened.

Even when she tried not to think about it, the thoughts kept coming, confusing Ellen.

You asked them to come, and they didn't, so there must be some excuse.

Then, as always, something dangerous has happened, and you should be worried about it, not happy that it didn't.

I shouldn't have to go looking for it.

Feeling her imagination run wild, Ellen heads for the dorm entrance.

And, from there, view it.

Rear view.

I caught a glimpse of a familiar backside at the bottom of the dorm entrance stairs.

The back of his head was familiar, though he wore his Temple uniform.

"......."

A lot of the confusion, questions, and disappointment in your head will subside for a while.

Ellen moves closer.

"What are you doing?"

"Uh-huh!"

At the call from behind, a startled Reinhardt jumped to his feet, almost rolling forward.

"Uh, uh....... that....... that."

It's a cold day.

Reinhardt, his face red from how long he had been sitting, looked at himself with a dumbfounded expression.

My fingertips, face, and nose were red.

Why am I sitting on the stairs of my dorm room, not inside.

Ellen looks at Reinhardt and shakes her head.

"Aren't you cold?"

"That....... that......."

"......."

It was cold, but I couldn't get in.

I should have gotten in, but I couldn't.

I'm going to have to say something, but I don't think I can make him understand.

On such a cold night, Reinhardt still hadn't gotten back to his dorm, even though he'd been gone for a while.

Because you wouldn't know what to say if you ran into him. You might run into yourself in your dorm lobby or wherever you are.

So you're sitting outside your dorm, undecided whether to come in or not.

Ellen looks at Reinhardt, who is fidgeting.

Reinhardt isn't shivering because he's cold, but for a different reason.

It looked, well, silly.

"Aren't you cold?"

"Uh....... some?"

"I'd like to go for a walk."

Reinhardt shakes his head at Ellen's words.

"No, it's not cold at all. It's about as cold as it gets."

Ellen looked at Reinhardt and smirked.

"Let's go."

As if it were an entrapment.

Ellen led the way, Reinhardt followed.





