Episode 324.





Sinners have no words.

That's why Reinhardt didn't say anything.

Ellen walked along without a word.

So they walked a good distance apart, Ellen a little ahead, Reinhardt behind.

The festival runs through the weekend. So even though the crowds were down at night, the main street was brightly lit. They walked up the hill near the Royal Class, taking in the night view.

They walked for a while.

They didn't run together, but it was a route they took every morning, so they were familiar with it at night, and they both knew where it led.

They walk a path they both know well.

On a bench at the top of the hill with a view, Ellen sat down first, and Reinhardt sat down carefully next to her.

"I didn't ask you to sit down."

"Uh, uh, uh."

At Ellen's words, Reinhardt jumped to his feet, too scared to stick his butt in.

Ellen laughed at Reinhardt's horrified expression.

"What does it matter if I tell you to sit down or not?"

"That....... that....... that."

"Just sit down."

They look uncharacteristically serious. As if you've done something terribly wrong.

Ellen stares out at the night view of the Temple as Reinhardt sits next to her, sulking.

Was Reinhardt really that wrong?

Why that's wrong.

Ellen couldn't quite put her finger on why.

But she felt like the world had abandoned her. I felt lonely and sad.

Not true.

Rather, the whole world had chosen him, and only one had abandoned him.

Why did he feel like the world had abandoned him?

That's because Reinhardt is his whole world.

Ellen sees a flower falling in front of her.

No.

It wasn't a flower.

"eye......."

"......Yes."

Before I knew it, it was snowing.

Snowflakes, like white flowers, dot the ground.

It's not a pretty picture.

We don't know what to say to each other, and if we say the wrong thing, we might hurt each other.

Reinhardt doesn't know how to explain his situation.

Ellen doesn't know how to describe her hurt.

They both know that if they say the wrong thing, they'll end up in a big fight, so they just don't say anything.

Eventually.

What are you.

For what you are.

What the heck are we.

When those words start coming out, we know we're going to hurt each other.

They can't say anything.

A snowy winter night.

Ellen and Reinhard sit on the bench and lock eyes.

It was cold, and the snow on the ground hadn't melted.

Snow that's too scary to fall to the ground goes somewhere when the wind blows.

And just like that, they are blown away by the wind and piled up in the corner.

That's what eyes are for.

"......."

"......."

What we are.

How did this happen?

What did I do wrong to get to this point?

Elle thought about it, but she couldn't figure out where it had started.

When Reinhardt is knocked out in the first duel of swordsmanship class by a blow to the head with his own training sword?

When Reinhardt wakes up from his fainting spell and asks you to join him for lunch, something strange and unheard of?

When Reinhardt caught himself eating something in the middle of the night?

The first time you fed yourself?

Or when he got fed up with all the interference and started teaching himself swordplay?

Or after going to the Darklands and seeing all the horrible things that happened?

Ellen retraces her steps, one by one, and finally realizes.

The beginnings are scattered all over the place, and they pile up and pile up until they become something.

The snow is piling up.

You just need to clear the snow.

You can't get rid of time.

So, there's a lot of time in the mind that's been labeled Reinhardt.

Stacked and stacked.

Ellen's mind was filled with hours labeled with Reinhardt's name.

Now, I'd rather hate it.

That didn't work out so well for Ellen.

I could fill the margins of my mind with hatred and bitterness toward Reinhardt, but there's only so much space I can fill.

I want to hate it, but I can't.

And it was weird.

You already know.

Reinhardt can't tell you, but he's very sorry.

It's just killing time outside, with your hands and face burning bright red.

He can't explain anything to you about making you feel bad about yourself again, so he's just doing it because he's sorry.

I'm the one who's upset.

For some reason, it seemed to Ellen that Reinhardt was having a harder time.

I could tell he was in pain because he couldn't even say sorry.

Ellen wondered what was bothering Reinhard. But as always, Reinhard wouldn't tell her.

"You didn't have to come see it."

"......?"

Ellen says

"You didn't have to come see me, you didn't."

Ellen says, "No. They have no such obligation to each other.

"So....... Don't feel so sorry for yourself......."

There is no reason for Reinhardt to feel obligated to Ellen's words, and no reason for Reinhardt to feel so guilty for failing to honor them. There is no reason for Ellen to feel sorry for him.

Reinhard stares at Ellen for a moment.

It's not that I don't care.

I stare at Ellen, who pretends not to notice.

-Warlock

"Ah."

Reinhard suddenly pulled Ellen into a hug.

"Just....... get mad......."

"......."

"What you're putting up with....... more scary and....... because I feel more sorry for you......."

"......."

My head tells me that I have no reason to be angry, but my heart tells me that I can't help but feel angry and sad.

Are we even supposed to be mad at each other for these things?

Ellen wasn't sure.

But Reinhardt was hugging him.

If anything, it was colder.

Her body and hands were chilled from being outside for so long, and Ellen felt colder in her arms.

However, Reinhardt hugs him as he shivers in the cold.

I don't know what happened, but you should be so sorry.

You're going to have a harder time.

If it was this bad, it must have been unavoidable.

Ellen convinces herself.

People don't understand things they can understand.

Understand what you want to understand.

Ellen wants to understand Reinhardt now, so she inwardly understands that something important must have happened.

I try to convince myself that there must have been something important going on.

In Reinhard's cold embrace, Ellen gritted her teeth.

Reinhardt's shirt is getting a little wet.

"Seowoon...... did......."

"I'm sorry."

"I....... Heat....... hard....... hard....... ready...... to go."

Reinhardt held her close as she sobbed, little by little, shaking, breathlessly, incoherently.

"No matter how....... No matter how hard I try, I can't find...... uh. no....... I don't have....... no....... Black....... Ugh....... by all means....... Please come to...... do, did....... 했잖아아......."

"Sorry......."

Ellen cries and thinks.

If anyone should be consoled, it should be Reinhardt, not me.

Still, I couldn't hold back the tears.

Tears, that's what they do.



* * *



It was deep, dark night.

After sobbing for a while, Ellen fell out of Reinhard's arms.

Then he looked down at the temple in a daze.

"......."

Reinhardt never told her what happened, and Ellen didn't bother to ask.

Understandably, Reinhardt was getting restless.

After crying for a while, Ellen suddenly stopped and just stared off into the night. I wondered if she hadn't gotten over it yet and what I should do.

The reality is quite the opposite.

Ellen gritted her teeth.

Not because of anything else, but because of embarrassment.

After the emotional release, he realized what he had done.

You're at a beauty pageant and you're crying like the world is ending because your friend didn't show up. After crying for a while, she realized what she had done.

It might not come.

When I finally felt better, it was Ellen who found the situation unbearable.

That's why Ellen can't say this or that, she's just staring at the night sky with a blank expression on her face.

I don't know why I felt like I had lost the whole world over something like this, but I don't understand it now.

There was no Reinhardt.

It made him feel like the world had abandoned him.

Reinhardt is next to me now.

That's all it took to make it work.

Ellen glares at Reinhardt.

It's okay, now I'm just grumpy for no reason.

"Uh, that....... why. Do you have something...... to say?"

I still feel like I'll do anything Reinhardt tells me to do.

'I have to have you.

All the grumpiness she'd been holding onto for no good reason was released just by seeing that face again. Ellen rose from the bench.

It's snowing.

Considering Reinhardt's icy body, he can't be outside anymore.

"It's cold, isn't it?"

"It's okay, this much."

As they walked back, Ellen glanced at Reinhardt.

"You've been outside the whole time."

I was waiting outside to keep an eye on things, and it would have been colder to walk around outside.

Reinhardt just walked away, as if he was fine.

"You can come in if you're cold."

Ellen says this because she thinks Reinhard might catch a cold.

"......I just want to do this with you."

"Ah."

The words made Ellen's heart skip a beat.

It's just something that doesn't seem like a big deal.

I think I've said that before.

It's easy to say anything and think anything.

Ellen wondered if she had lost her mind.

It wasn't long ago that I felt lonely and alone, like I'd been abandoned by the world.

It was a strange feeling, like I had the whole world to myself.

I wonder if it's okay for people to have mood swings like this.

Is it okay to feel like one person is my everything?

If he laughs, so do I.

If he likes me, I like him.

Is it okay to let someone else be in charge of my life and not me?

They walk down the street on a snowy night.

At the bottom of the hill, Reinhard glances at Ellen and says, "I'm not sure what to do.

"Watch out, you're gonna slip and fall in the kitchen!"

-Bang!

"????"

When Reinhardt fell backwards down the slope after trying to warn him not to slip, Ellen tried to help him up.

-Slide!

"!"

-Bam!

And then he slipped and fell on his ass.

"......What are you doing, you or me?"

"Sure......."

They stood up and patted their asses.

Keeping a reasonable distance, they walk through the snowy night.

At the bottom of the hill, I could hear the sounds of people milling about amidst the colorful nightlife of Main Street.

The store is open 24 hours a day, even at night, selling food. Ellen stays still, alternating between the distant night view and Reinhardt.

"Do you want to go to ......?"

Ellen nodded, her cheeks flushed.

"......Yes."

Ellen says.

You don't want to be at this time of day, you want to be at this time of day.

First snowy night.

Because we're together.

"If you want to go, go."

The festivities were winding down.

Not the last, but close to the last night.

But Ellen was feeling like the festivities were just beginning.

It's only now, at the end, that she and Reinhardt are alone. Ellen realizes the festivities.



* * *



It was after midnight, but the main street was packed with people.

Drinking is not allowed inside the temple, but since it's a festival, there's plenty to see and do even on a late night.

Of course.

-Omnomnomnom

In Ellen's case, it was limited to food.

"This is delicious."

"Uh, yeah."

Ellen handed Reinhard a skewer of rice cakes with a fat look on her face, and he ate them without a word.

Something like anger, but not anger, had been released. But Reinhardt still thought he was a sinner, and he followed Ellen silently by her side.

I wasn't exactly thrilled.

They would walk the streets, checking out the sights, watching street performers, and buying food from street vendors.

Of course, Ellen was a little special today.

-Isn't that him or her?

-Eh? Sure.

Reinhardt couldn't help but hear the chatter around him.

As a group of men and women in the street cautiously approached and blocked his way, Reinhardt frowned in the same tune.

"I was on my way to work when I saw this......."

"Aren't you Miss Temple?!"

Reinhardt stiffened at the sudden outburst, and Ellen nodded nonchalantly.

"Yes."

"What?"

"Uh, somehow....... I think I'm glowing even in plain clothes!"

Reinhardt freezes, looking at Ellen, who nonchalantly admits that she recognized him, and the crowd, who are also making a fuss.

"Are you....... elected?"

Reinhard mumbled something that sounded like he'd never imagined such a thing, and Ellen's jaw dropped as she watched Reinhard's shocked reaction.

"......Why not?"

"Oh, no, that's not it."

With her mouth agape, Ellen pouted and started walking ahead.



* * *



A warm cup of lemon tea was all Reinhardt needed to soothe a sulking Ellen.

"No, of course I didn't know it was going to fall, but you didn't say anything, so I thought....... I thought it had fallen."

"Okay."

They were sitting on a bench, sipping hot lemon tea. Not only were they at the contest site, but they were actually on the parade route, so there were quite a few people on the street with good eyesight who recognized Ellen in plain clothes.

There were plenty of people who walked by and chatted, even if no one spoke to them directly.

-Miss Temple?

-I guess so.

-Who's next to you? Is it your boyfriend?

-......Damn.

-......No, I'm sorry, what are you going to do about it?

-No, who says?

-Come on, it's Miss Temple, and she's even royalty.

-Really?

As we walked by, everyone looked at Ellen and said something, and I couldn't help but listen to Reinhardt next to me.

Ellen's mouth was hanging open in a different way than it had just been.

"It's annoying."

It seemed to bother her that people recognized her. Ellen didn't see the point in that at all.

They think they're just being annoying because people recognize them.

This year's Miss Temple, who walked down the aisle in a sheer white dress to cheers and applause from a crowd of people, wandered down a winter street later that night in black sweatpants. She's not bothered to be recognized.

Ellen stares at Reinhardt.

"It's all because of you."

"Ugh....... Uh, sorry......."

Reinhardt was stunned by the stares, as if he hadn't gotten what he wanted, but had gotten a side effect.

Tired of people recognizing them and stopping to chat, Ellen and Reinhardt turned off Main Street.

It was also nighttime, so the crowds were very thin once you got off the main street.

It was snowing, so there was a little bit of snow on their heads and shoulders.

"Miss Temple....... You've been crowned. Congratulations."

"...... That doesn't mean anything."

"......Yes."

Ellen was competing for something else, so she didn't need to be congratulated, especially not from me. Especially not from me.

The longer they walk, the more snow piles up on their shoulders and heads.

"Hold still."

"......?"

After walking for a while, Reinhardt stopped Ellen for some reason and brushed the snow off her shoulders and head.

As she turned to walk away, Ellen glanced at Reinhardt's shoulder.

There, too, there was snow.

He brushes the snow off his own shoulders and head, not bothering to shake it off.

Probably, I didn't even think about it.

She can see the snow on Ellen's head and shoulders, but she doesn't realize that it's also on her shoulders.

That's why we look at Reinhardt, who can't shake it off, and we look at Ellen.

"......Why?"

"......."

Ellen remained still, brushing the snow off Reinhardt's shoulders and out of his hair, this time by herself.

Then Ellen says, in a low voice.

"You're an idiot."

"......Suddenly?"

Reinhardt, suddenly dumbfounded, walked alongside Ellen as she walked ahead of him.

Reinhardt is a weird guy.

"You're weird."

"I hear ...... a lot."

Ellen walks still.

"I thought he was weird from the beginning, and I still think he's weird."

"......Yes."

Ellen blows out a white-hot breath and takes a sip of her lemon tea.

I'd been carrying it around for a while, so it had cooled down a bit.

"But the weirdness of when I first thought you were weird, and the weirdness of when I think you're weird now....... are so different."

"......."

Reinhardt was weird, bumping into things and arguing.

But over time, as I've gotten to know more of Reinhardt, he's been a very strange man in a different sense than he was then.

"I wish you weren't such a weirdo. I sometimes think that, but......."

Ellen exhales with a sigh and looks at Reinhardt.

"If you weren't weird, this wouldn't be happening."

Ellen muttered to herself. Ellen looks away from Reinhardt and back to the road ahead.

"Today, did you even want to come?"

"Of course......."

"Don't be vague."

Ellen stops walking and turns Reinhardt around.

Then he looks Reinhardt in the eye.

Ellen looks to Reinhardt for clarification.

It's a relationship filled with vague language.

I've always said that when something becomes certain, something breaks. Reinhard and Ellen had a strange relationship, one that was both something and nothing at the same time.

I was trying to make something clear, but Reinhardt couldn't make it, so it got fuzzy.

But I wanted to make sure this was clear.

Ellen looked Reinhardt straight in the eye, as if to say don't dodge the answer.

It's a straightforward question.

"Did you miss me today?"

"......."

I'm not going to count the ones that didn't make it.

I won't even ask what happened.

I won't speak of my sorrows and grief anymore.

Ellen demands a definitive answer.

"Uh."

Reinhardt nods.

But Ellen has no intention of stopping there.

"How much?"

Reinhardt stares at Ellen as he asks the question.

Reinhardt thought about it for a while, but finally decided he couldn't win.

Open your mouth like a confession.

"......I'm going to regret for the rest of my life that I didn't go today."

"......."

Lifetime.

Regrets.

Regret is not a nice word, but the combination of those two words has a pretty good ring to it.

Lifetime.

You are someone who can influence my entire life.

It was as if I'd been told that.

"Do you want me to show you?"

"Uh."

Ellen couldn't help but laugh at Reinhardt's immediate response.

I looked so dumbfounded.

You really wanted to come.

You really had no choice but to come.

You don't need a bunch of excuses and reasons.

A blurted out answer and a dumbfounded look at the word show.

That look wiped out every last bit of resentment in Ellen.



* * *



They returned to the dorm.

"That's weird."

-......How weird is that?

"I can't wear it alone."

-a....... That's right.

In her room, Ellen tries to put on the dress she wore today by herself and makes a mess of it.

I couldn't even tighten the corset by myself, so the dress looked like it had been thrown on and off.

I told her I'd show her, but on the way home, she realized something was wrong.

It's the dress she helped Riana put on in the first place. So on the way home, Ellen realized she couldn't wear it at all.

Thinking it would work, she went back to her dorm and tried to crawl into the dress she wore today in her room, only to realize it was impossible.

It wasn't Reinhardt who was swayed by the atmosphere, but Ellen.

I couldn't put on makeup and my hair was all out of place.

It's not something you can wear alone.

It's dawn, and you can't wake up Riana, who's probably asleep.

You look in the mirror and see yourself in a mess, your clothes literally draped over your body.

This could not be shown.

"......."

I thought I'd see how it worked out, but this is what I ended up with.

Doesn't show.

Ellen was needlessly upset.

Decomposition.

I slammed my foot down on the floor.

-Thump! Thump!

-Why, what's wrong?!

"No."

In a fit of frustration, Ellen ripped off her dress, which she had worn only loosely at best.

Of course, dresses are hard to put on and hard to take off.

-Bam!

Eventually, Ellen tripped and fell.

"......."

-What's going on?





