Episode 325.





Ellen changed back into her sweatpants.

Ellen was furious as hell.

The whole situation made me so grumpy that I couldn't stand it.

Most of all, I was annoyed that Reinhardt seemed to find the situation amusing when I couldn't show him what I wanted to show him.

It's so much fun to watch her promise to show you how she looks in a dress, only to realize she can't put it on by herself.

But Ellen was a little curious.

Reinhardt's response to her statement about not being able to wear the dress alone has been more of a "I guess so" than a "why".

As if you've ever tried it on.

Of course, that's never going to happen.

Anyway, Reinhardt seemed to understand that it was inevitable that he couldn't show it.

They were now in a restaurant.

It's been a while since we've had a midnight snack with each other since we were both busy during the festivities.

"What do you want to eat?"

So Reinhardt brought Ellen to the diner, saying, "Let's do something about this.

"Beef stew."

Frustrated, Ellen orders something that takes too long and is a pain in the ass.

"Yeah."

But Reinhard nodded obediently, as if he would do anything for her today. Ellen was a little surprised; she'd expected him to say no, but he didn't.

Ellen watches Reinhardt as he walks into the kitchen and starts preparing something.

I wanted to show it to you, but I couldn't.

But does it really matter?

-plump

Ellen smiles as she watches Reinhardt begin to chop. Ellen watches Reinhard as he cooks.

-Haaaaaahhh.

It wasn't long before a sound from the hallway made her turn her head.

-Uh, Ellen?

A very tired-looking Herriot caught sight of himself as he walked down the hall. She was working late in the magic lab.

Spotting Ellen sitting in the dining room, Harriet slowly approaches her.

"So far, so good......."

She was about to say something, but her eyes widened as she looked toward the kitchen.

"Reinhardt?"

A moment of panic.

Ellen could see Herriot's eyes widen.

"Hey!"

-Uh, huh?

Herriot strode briskly to the kitchen and called out in a cheerful voice.

-You! Where have you been today?

-u....... Uh? What. Go, why all of a sudden?

-Where have you been running around without talking to me? Why didn't you come to the contest?

-u....... Oh, no. That. That....... you know?

-What, say it fast!

-there was....... was.......

-What's your excuse, you asshole!

-Ah, ah, ah, ah! Why are you hitting me? Why are you hitting me? I, I'm holding a knife, huh? I'm holding a knife....... Aah!

-You bad, bad, bastard, ah!

Ellen watches as Herriot slaps Reinhardt on the back, red in the face. Ellen watches in disbelief.

I should be the one who's angry.

Instead, Herriot's face was bright red and he was fuming.

-Wow, you're really doing this with power! I've been getting hit a lot lately, so I'm just going to go ahead and hit you. Show me some strength, huh?

-Here....... Shouldn't we be thankful that we're only using our strength? Make it your specialty? Make it your specialty? Make it your specialty? Stick with me?

-Ah, no....... That's not right.......

-Yes! You're right! It doesn't hurt when I hit you anyway!

-Gye, won't it hurt if I keep hitting you?

Herriot is furious.

Perhaps Herriot should have hoped Reinhardt wouldn't come. Ellen thinks so, but Herriot is in the midst of a heartfelt tirade against Reinhardt.

That's weird.

Ellen could see why Harriet was so upset.

As much as Harriet cares about Reinhardt, she cares about the hurt he's caused her today.

So, instead of congratulating her on being crowned Miss Temple, Harriet gave her a consoling hug.

Ellen wasn't too upset.

Herriot is being angry on Ellen's behalf.

I thought it was funny to see.

Thanks again.

And I'm sorry.

I'm so sorry.

Ellen laughed.

Smiling.

I don't know why I have tears in my eyes.

Ellen laughed, silently stealing a tear.



* * *



"I hit you a little bit and now you're just going to eat me, is that what you developed that for?"

"Of course."

Soon the three of them were sitting around a pot of beef stew in the center of the room. By chance, Harriet joined them, but Ellen didn't mind.

"It's snowing."

Herriot says, looking out the dining room window. You've just gotten back from a long day of snowball fights, but Herriot's been locked away in his magic lab.

"Do you want to go out on the terrace and eat?"

Herriot could picture eating a warm stew while watching a snowy landscape.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen is a bit of a romantic.

"Sure."

It didn't seem like a bad idea, so they went out to the restaurant terrace and set the pot of stew on a table there.

The night breeze was chilly, but not too cold. The three of us sit at the terrace table, scooping up bowls of stew and nibbling at it.

It's not heavy snow, but it's light snow.

It's been down for a while, so there's quite a pile of it now.

"I remember making a snowman."

Herriot said, and smiled at the memory.

"It wasn't a man, it was a giant."

"You're an idiot anyway."

Ellen made human eyes and Herriot made a giant snow giant.

She reenters the castle, Epiax, and realizes that it is haunted. Herriot's face brightens as if he's suddenly remembered, and he glances back and forth between Reinhard and Ellen.

"But you know what's funny?"

"No? I don't know?"

"Can you refute that with a straight face, it's so annoying!"

"Why are you so cranky lately, it's an illness, too?"

Herriot blushed at Reinhardt's criticism.

"Seriously, do you have to scratch someone's insides once a day, what's wrong with you?"

"......Technically, it's you, but it's only you, not me. I can't be anything but you for this."

"Don't use that word like that, it's so annoying!"

Harriet's lips quiver. The look on Reinhardt's face when he's being mean to Herriot is intoxicating to watch. Even though he's not doing it to her, sometimes it makes her fists clench.

"So what's so funny?"

"I don't know, you pissed me off and I forgot!"

Herriot grunted and scooped up a spoonful of stew.

"!!!"

Naturally, having eaten the very hot stew without letting it cool properly, Harriet's eyes glazed over and she couldn't spit it out, flailing her arms up and down and stomping her feet.

"Spit it out! What are you doing?"

"!!"

Reinhardt gave her a pathetic look, and Harriet swallowed hard, not daring to spit out her food in the dignity of an archduchess.

"The roof of my mouth is gone......."

Herriot's mouth hung open in disbelief.

"You must be hot, have something cold."

"What are you doing, getting me some water....... Hey. What, what are you doing......."

"Something cold."

Herriot paled as he watched Reinhardt shovel the snow from the terrace railing into bundles for something cold to drink.

"What are you doing....... No, no, no, you can't be....... No way......."

Herriot has such a thing.

I can do the math in my head about what crazy things Reinhardt is trying to do.

Still, I'm Nande.

There were times when I didn't react at all because I didn't think he would go that far with me.

And Reinhardt is a madman who does it without reservation.

-Pak!

"Bam!"

Herriot let out a shriek of horror as a clump of snow was planted squarely in his mouth.

"Cool, right?"

"You, Gee, now. You, Jeezy. Give me....... What....... to me?"

I can't even get mad for a second when I'm doing the unthinkable, and this is my match.

For a while, of course.

With a trembling hand, Herriot wiped the snow from the corner of his mouth and reached out to Reinhardt, who was blushing bright red.

"I'm dying!"

-Bam!

"Eek!"

-Pull!

A blue line of energy appeared on Herriot's forearm, and the shockwave sent Reinhardt flying off the terrace and crashing to the ground.



* * *



"He must be crazy!"

"No, if it's hot, you have to put something cold in it. Isn't that right?"

After bouncing off the ground floor and clinging to the terrace railing, Reinhardt sat back down.

Herriot brushed off Reinhardt's snow-covered clothes, despite his nerves.

"By the way, if it's hot, spit it out. Do you force yourself to eat it or not?"

"Because I'm not from the streets like everyone else, and I was taught to live with dignity."

"Really? Did you just say ewww! Is it classy to say "ewww!" while talking shit?"

"G....... You....... What the fuck? You, you what....... Ha. Gee, real....... Real....... And when was I ever like you!"

When Reinhardt mimicked what Herriot had just done with an exaggerated twisting of his body, Herriot got even more high and began to whimper again.

When they were together, they could talk for hours on end about nothing. Their ramblings had no nutritional value, but it was a great way to pass the time.

Eventually, after a while, they both got tired of each other and started eating the stew in silence.

"Pretty......."

Herriot muttered to himself as he looked out over the snowy landscape.

"Thank you."

"I didn't say that to you....... Whoa, whoa....... It's not gonna work. I'm not getting hooked."

It's a shame that after a while, as if he's developed an immunity, he'll react to anything you throw at him.

Festive night.

It wasn't that fancy.

In the end, it's just the three of us sitting around eating beef stew on a quiet, snowy night.

This happens all the time, it's not a special occasion.

But of course, Ellen knows that these moments don't last forever. There will come a day when she won't be able to do this anymore.

Then, remembering back to that time.

You'll think that every day we spent together was special.

Ellen has a vague idea.

I'm just saying, maybe that's all there is to it.

As it has been, and will continue to be.

I wonder if it's enough to keep me going.

Not greedy, not wanting more. Ellen finds herself happy enough as it is.

No need to get any closer.

Maybe I just need to get further away.

"Hey, get me some water."

"Zee, are you asking me....... or something?"

"Then who are you?"

"Don't tell me what to do!"

"What the hell, you're just gobbling up everything I've done for you and you can't fetch water?"

"Ew, ew, it should float!"

Reinhardt must be the only person in the world who could be so disrespectful to a grand duchess. Her reaction to him was cute, even if Ellen was watching.

Grand Duchess.

As she thought about it, Ellen remembered a question she'd forgotten.

"By the way, I have a question for you."

Ellen shakes her head in disbelief.

"Any questions?"

Harriet grabbed her water bottle and stared at Ellen as if she had a question.

"How did Harriet's parents know about Reinhardt?"

"Ah."

"Oh....... That, that......."

The subtlety of their reactions made Ellen shake her head.



* * *



Ellen nodded as Reinhard relayed the details to her.

"Oh....... The senior?"

"Uh."

Ellen knew about Adriana's abrupt departure, but she didn't know the details.

Of course, Reinhardt didn't explain the situation either, just that he had to go to the Duchy of St. Thuan for something, and on his way back, he stopped by the White Palace of Arnaria for a warp gate issue, and they've been acquainted ever since.

Reinhardt's complexion darkened slightly at the mention of Adriana's name, but Ellen could only assume it was worry.

Herriot turns to Ellen with a gleeful look on his face.

"Isn't he a weirdo, even if he's in the same royal class as me? You think you can just show up at my palace, knock on my door, and ask for priority access to the warp gate?"

"......Yes."

Arnaria is not the kind of place you'd go to a friend's house, and even if it were, it would be rude to show up at that hour.

But it wasn't a friend's house, it was a palace in a country.

"No, when I was absent without telling you....... I thought you guys were going to try and kill me......."

Reinhardt pleads in a small voice.

Ellen was even more surprised that the Grand Duke opened the door and greeted the entire family.

It was a bit of a surprise to Ellen that Adriana's problem was involved, though she had a feeling it was something else.

Now that I think about it, Ellen had a pretty good idea of when Reinhardt had last been to the Duchy of St. Thuan.

Still, I can't believe I traveled that far in a day.

Ellen found Reinhardt's behavior mysterious. With their questions resolved, the three returned to their stew.

"Uh, over there......."

But then Herriot spotted something in the landscape outside on the terrace and pointed it out.

First-year dorms are on the first floor.

And because it was a terrace, I had a clearer view of the outside.

Where Herriot pointed, Ellen could see the man who had ended the day.

"......his senior."

And it gets even weirder.

The senior I just mentioned who dropped out was there.

Adriana.

Olivia was walking with Adriana to the Royal Class dormitory.

Reinhardt jerked out of his seat and looked at them both.

Some strange emotion flashed through Reinhardt's eyes, and Ellen didn't know what it was.

Olivia and Adriana couldn't help but make eye contact with the three of them watching them from the terrace.

-Ah, Reinhardt.......

Olivia Ranze.

-Junior.......

Adriana.

-Mian, I'm a little busy right now. Let's talk later.

Before Reinhardt could say anything, Olivia pulled Adriana along with her and hurried toward the dormitory entrance.

Herriot and Ellen shook their heads at the sight, and Reinhardt sat back down.

The tournament ends with a runner-up.

Miss Temple didn't even get to participate.

He returned to the temple in the middle of the night with Adriana, who had abruptly dropped out.

"......My sister, what happened today?"

"......Yes."

Reinhardt takes a sip of water.

"......I'll have to ask him later."

Reinhardt said, and took a sip of water.

That's how Ellen sees Reinhardt.

Reinhardt traveled all the way to the Duchy of St. Thuan when he heard that Adriana was dropping out.

He's not going to sit still for Reinhardt's later comments.

Reinhardt is not that kind of guy.

Ellen sees Reinhardt staring in the direction Adriana and Olivia went.

Reinhardt is on to something.

I didn't intentionally try to figure it out, but I know Reinhardt too well.

Ellen naturally realized that.





