Episode 326.





The next day.

There was a huge uproar in the ecliptic.

Rumors of a battle in the southern outskirts of the ecliptic last night had come in quickly.

Monstrous creatures, presumably demons, have been flying through the night sky, and destructive spells have been cast on a large enough scale to affect the weather.

"There's a demon!"

Naturally, such rumors quickly find their way to the temple.

I watched as Kono Lint rambled on about rumors he'd picked up on the street.

"Demons? What kind of demons, all of a sudden?"

"Demons showed up in the southern part of the ecliptic yesterday, and it was a mess."

"What's going on?"

"I didn't hear the details either, they just said there were demons......."

It happened last night, so we don't know the details yet. The children were understandably shaken by the sudden news of a demon in the middle of their festivities.

It's breakfast time, and Ellen is looking at me with a serious look on her face.

"Could it be the same demons?"

"...... Probably."

"What is it this time?"

"Well......."

Ellen, Harriet, Riana, and all of their classmates were dumbfounded by the news of a demon out of nowhere.

I can't do that unless I want to be suspected.

It's a leap to think I was involved in that raid, even if I didn't tell you what I did yesterday.

It makes no sense to suspect that your friend might be a demon in the first place.

At best, Ellen would be suspicious of the possibility of being involved in a crime through the Rotary Club.

Some things just don't make sense, so they go unsuspected.

It's clear that Charlotte and Bertus are going to be busy again, and the bottom line is this.

A state of emergency would be declared in the ecliptic, and the festival would be unsustainable.



* * *



As I suspected, Charlotte was gone, and neither Saviolin Tana, who had been acting as interim governess, nor I, who had returned to the palace, were to be found in the dormitory.

The slaughter of elite paladins near the ecliptic makes sense.

If they had attacked the ecliptic instead of the southern ecliptic, the loss of life would have been staggering.

If even a single top-tier destructive spell had been sent into the ecliptic during a time of high population density, tens of thousands of units would have been killed.

So, the feast is over.

It's time for everyone to go home.

Top floor of a dorm, empty frat house.

I was sitting there with Olivia and Adriana.

Last night, Adriana said she stayed in Olivia's room. Normally, this would be impossible, but since it was a festival, she was able to sneak into the temple.

"How are you, junior......?"

"Yeah, it's just me......."

Adriana made the excuse that she was just playing, but her dark complexion gave her a look that she couldn't hide that something was wrong.

For Olivia, it wasn't much different.

I tried to use Adriana as bait to lure Olivia out.

He must have been traumatized. He was already growing distrustful of people of faith, and the monastic life was supposed to erase that, but even there he was met with further disappointment.

Adriana is not in her right mind.

I saved Olivia and Adriana, but they don't know it.

I don't want to make a big deal out of it, and I can't.

Olivia's expression was a mixture of sullenness and apology. She's probably thinking that I cheated on her yesterday.

Olivia looks at Adriana.

I could see Adriana nodding her head slightly, as if to ask for approval.

"Did you hear about the demon attack....... about the demon raid?"

"I don't know the details, but, yeah."

Olivia trusts me.

"We were there when the demons attacked....... We were there."

Instead of waiting for an excuse, Olivia seemed to want to tell me everything.



* * *



I was embarrassed to hear Olivia say something I already knew. It was harder than I thought to feign surprise.

Of course, it wasn't a long story.

The abbot of the Artouan monastery where Adriana was staying was a member of a secret religious order called the Order of the Nameless, and had turned himself in to Leverier Lance.

Even the abbot was fooled. He had no idea that Adriana would be used as bait.

Adriana had to be dragged away, she said, because she knew that if she said anything wrong on the spot, she would endanger herself and the abbot.

Predictably, the Crusader leader managed to lure Olivia out, and she headed to the field as soon as she received the letter.

While there, I was arguing with Reverie Ranze, when suddenly demons appeared.

"The strange thing is....... is that those demons saved us....... saved us......."

Confusion was written all over Olivia and Adriana's faces.

As she was being taken away by a frightening, grotesque-looking demon, Olivia was thinking about the battle after Adriana was safe.

But strangely enough, the demon left them far away from the wastewater plant and walked away.

Olivia and Adriana were forced to flee in panic when they saw a massive magical attack on the monastery.

"I don't understand ......."

Adriana and Olivia nodded at my words.

It was hard to keep my head above water and pretend to be surprised. However, the situation was serious enough that it wasn't hard to take it seriously.

I'm glad you told me. I can discuss alternatives with you.

"I don't know about anything else, but I think it's best not to tell anyone."

"......We think so, too."

"I don't know why the demons did what they did, but once it's known, we might be accused of being in league with them....... If that's the case, there shouldn't be any paladins left alive......."

There are no survivors. Some may have seen the demons flying in the distance, but those caught up in the battle were strictly instructed to leave no survivors, and any fleeing paladins were taken care of.

The rumors currently circulating in the ecliptic aren't from people who saw the battle firsthand, but rather eyewitness accounts from afar of demons flying and massive magical attacks.

It is not yet known to the civilian population that it was paladins who were involved in the battle.

"I'm not sure about that."

Olivia and Adriana don't know exactly what the battle will look like, so it's no wonder they're saying this.

"But for now, let's assume that the paladins were wiped out on the spot."

But there are no witnesses to the battle. I look at Adriana.

"Will others realize that there were seniors there?"

It's a problem if nameless members of the Order in other parts of the world know that Adriana and Olivia were there yesterday.

If a group of demons attacked and killed everyone in the room, and they asked you how you're still alive, you don't have an excuse.

"I'm not sure......."

Olivia says, biting her lip.

"I don't know about anyone else, but....... The abbot knows....... knows that I was with a group of nameless monks......."

Adriana says with a dark look on her face.

The man who handed Adriana over to Leviathan himself.

We don't know, but knowing that the nameless order was wiped out in a demonic attack would cast doubt on Adriana's survival.

You will inevitably face the question of how did you survive when everyone else was dead?

"......, I don't think you should go back to the monastery."

"...... Of course."

The inexplicable situation of being protected by demons is bad enough for law enforcement, wherever they may be.

So, if she chooses to remain silent, Adriana should not return to the monastery.

Adriana would rather be known to have died on the spot.

We should be grateful that this world is less developed in terms of communication and media.

The news of the Zodiac is slow to reach the monastery of Artouan in the Duchy of Saint Thuan. It would take a very long time for the news to reach the provincial cities of the Duchy of Saint Thuan.

There's no real-time information sharing, so Adriana doesn't have to live in hiding, but she'll have to live a quiet life far away from public power and influence.

"I don't think it's a good idea for you to stay at the Temple, so you should come with me for a while, I can find you a place to stay."

Rotary Club headquarters.

We should leave Adriana under Loyar's protection for a while and think about her whereabouts.

"Junior how?"

"...... Really?"

Neither of them know that I belong to an organization called the Rotary Club.

"I don't want to bother explaining it, so I guess it's just that."

"......Yes. Thanks, junior."

I didn't feel the need to brag about my affiliation with a criminal, if not criminal, organization, so neither of them know my background.

When I think about it, all I know about my connection to the Rotary Club is Harriet and Ellen and the Prince and the Princess.

And the Ganodab triplets who made fun of me for being a beggar.

"Let's move."

Keeping Adriana in the temple longer is not a good idea.

I immediately led the two of them out of the temple.



* * *



The atmosphere in the ecliptic was turbulent.

People were hustling and bustling to get somewhere.

-Demons have appeared.......

-I need to get back.

-The gate queue is backed up, and it's a mess.

-Don't you think the demons are attacking the ecliptic too?

-Maybe.

Rumors of a demonic presence in the southern ecliptic had already spread.

The horse-drawn trains were even more crowded during the festive season, making it impossible to consider them as a mode of transportation in the first place.

"I'll have to walk."

"Yes."

"I guess so."

There was no such fuss.

This is not the crowd that wandered around the ecliptic during the festival.

With the massive rush to get out of the ecliptic as quickly as possible, there was a commotion near the massive warp gate, not to mention the horsepower train.

-Please join the queue, there is no such thing as priority!

There were far more troops than usual controlling the gate queues, and even the small and medium warp gates were overcrowded.

-Let's go off the ecliptic and come back when it's quiet.

-Yes.

There seemed to be a significant number of people looking to move away from the ecliptic.

When the commotion died down, it seemed to be thinking about returning to the ecliptic and traveling home via a giant warp gate.

Yesterday's mayhem had every tourist in the ecliptic panicking.

I broke out in a cold sweat.

It was scary to realize that so many people were affected by my actions.

I killed Leviathan.

I still believe it was necessary, but it felt like the world was literally being turned upside down by my actions.

Demons.

And the devil.

I realized how much influence it had in this no man's land.

The Demon War is over.

After that, people would have had to gradually forget about demons and devils.

-The Demon King....... He's back.......

-Don't be an asshole, asshole!

-The demon is avenging himself! He's not dead yet! Artorius didn't kill him!

-No...... it won't.......

But because of my behavior yesterday, people were making assumptions and turning them into assumptions.

The devil is not dead.

Or, the next great demon is taking revenge.

Either that, or the surviving remnants of demons will continue to wreak havoc on the continent.

Many myths take on a life of their own and multiply.

Fear paralyzes people's rationality.

If the demons were truly seeking revenge, they should have attacked the ecliptic or the imperial palace, not the wasteland south of the ecliptic.

But no one talks about it.

-If the Devil is indeed resurrected....... Who kills the devil?

I was just worried that someone would have to kill the new demon for me, and who that would be.

Adriana and Olivia follow me wordlessly. As the ones who were saved by the demons, they should be the ones feeling the most confused by this situation.



* * *



This took quite a bit of time since we were traveling on foot.

It would take more than a day for people to ebb and flow out of the crowded ecliptic.

The gated side was crowded, and the other side was relatively deserted.

"But why....... Why did the demons....... Crusader Knights?"

"......don't know."

At Adriana's question, Olivia shook her head in disbelief.

They don't know why the demons saved them, and they don't know what their purpose was. It's too strange to even speculate.

It's not out of the question to speculate that the man walking ahead of you is actually the son of the Devil, and that you're raiding an unnamed order of monks instead of the Crusaders because you've used your minions to save them.

"The demons attacked the Crusaders last time."

"Yes....... That's right."

"I wonder if it's a vendetta......."

Adriana doesn't know it, but Olivia knows the truth about the last raid.

The corruption and depravity of the Crusaders, including their demonic captives.

I know the demonic attack was to free succubus prisoners. They're not attacking a nameless order, they're taking revenge on the former leader of the Crusader Knights, Reverie Lance.

You don't have to go there. The leader of the Crusader Legion, Revere Lance, is a war hero of the Demon War, and as such, an enemy of the demons.

He's out of power and weakened. So it makes perfect sense for Leviathan to attack at a time when he's out of power and weakened.

"Is the plural......."

Olivia's reasoning is logical in its own way.

Olivia understands that what happened yesterday was a raid to kill Revere Lance, not a nameless order.

Although the reality is anything but.

If Olivia can interpret the demons' intentions in that way, I'll be happy.

Of course, even if you think so, it's still a strange thing to have rescued Adriana and Olivia. Olivia murmurs, as if realizing something.

"It's a leap, but......."

"What is it?"

Olivia says, looking at me and Adriana.

"If the demons....... If you did what you did yesterday to get back at the Crusaders....... If they left us alone because....... because we were outsiders?"

"Is that ......?"

Adriana tilted her head at Olivia's comment.

"No, you don't. The place itself is inhospitable to outsiders....... The only reason they took us out is because....... The only reason I can think of is to prevent non-targets from being harmed......."

Olivia's reasoning is reversed. The attack came first and the rescue came later.

There's no reason to raid the Crusaders if your goal is to harm humans. So the intent is to attack the Crusaders.

But then you get this inference that they found outsiders there, and they didn't want to get them involved, so they pulled them out.

"Do demons....... care about such things?"

To the demons, all humans are enemies. Adriana didn't seem to understand what Olivia was saying.

It's almost as if the demons are good.

It's common knowledge that demons hate humans unconditionally and want to kill them. Naturally, that's what Adriana thinks.

But the demons did save them.

"So....... is a little weird."

"......I don't know."

Neither Adriana nor Olivia.

Overcoming deeply ingrained preconceptions seemed difficult.

Of course, saving those two came first, so whatever Olivia's reasoning is, it must be wrong.

So Olivia was left wondering what the heck happened yesterday and thinking it would be cute to write an impression.





