Episode 327.





Rotary Club headquarters are located in the southern ecliptic.

There are very few people in the neighborhood, and the property is quite large, so if you stay quiet, you're unlikely to have anyone come by, and it's not the best place to live completely hidden, but if you're determined, you can live completely unnoticed.

"You want me to take care of people?"

"Yes. She's my senior. Adriana."

"Oh, hello......."

Adriana looked at Loyar and ducked her head.

Adriana may not have grown up pretty, but she's not from the Zodiac, and she kept to herself until her time in the Temple, so it's unlikely you've ever heard of someone with the name Irine's Hound.

Olivia was the same way, so she was seeing Loyar for the first time.

It may not be a black organization, but the workings of these places are only known to those in the know.

They're both looking at the Rotary Club boss with the gray hair for the first time in their lives.

Even in his human form, Loyar is a great man who, because of the way he carries himself, is a beast even when he is still.

So Olivia and Adriana both froze slightly at the sight of a type of human they'd never seen before.

He was even more surprised when he realized that I had a boss like this.

In fact, Loyard is one of the people responsible for making the ecliptic so noisy right now.

The mastermind of the Paladin Raid. Demon Valier.

Accomplice. Lycanthrope Loyar.

Of course they don't recognize each other. Sarkegar is the one who rescued them, so Loyardo doesn't recognize them either.

"I'm going to need to stay here for a while for work, is that okay?"

"......Why not?"

Loyar looked Adriana up and down, and she flinched under his gaze as if she'd been electrocuted.

"I don't have a room, but I can make one up, and there's only you guys here."

The members of the club have gotten better, so they're walking around looking like people. Only Loyar, the boss, is still living like a beggar, even though things have gotten better.

Still, Loyar was worried about the rough and tumble people who had seen it all.

"Don't worry, I'm more than capable of getting ahead."

"Yeah, whatever. A Temple-trained kid might look sloppy, but he's got some fists."

Loyar didn't bother to ask what was going on, because he knew he was involved in yesterday's events. I looked at Adriana.

As Loyar said, it's entirely possible that the place could be unbearable for Adriana.

I don't actually know what everyone in my organization is like.

"If you're not comfortable here, I can find you somewhere else."

"Oh, no, it's okay....... Thanks, Reinhard."

Unable to be more indebted, Adriana nodded rather than ask where she was and what she was doing.

Loyaar seemed to understand what Adriana meant by keeping quiet here.

"Hmmm....... Where should I give the room......."

Loyar seemed to consider for a moment. He looks like he's sick of the world.

When I said there were no vacancies, but I could create one, it sounded like I was kicking someone out who was doing well.

Isn't this a bit of a sorry state of affairs?

Loyar seemed to consider for a moment, then motioned for Adriana to follow him and opened the door to the back of his office.

-delay

"Write here."

"......?"

"?"

Loyar rattled off what was obviously his room. Olivia, Adriana, and even I were surprised by the suddenness of the decision.

"That....... That....... I don't know what to call him, but....... sister....... room, isn't it......?"

"......Sister?"

"Oh, that....... Well, excuse me, but how do you......."

His eyes widening at the mention of big sister, Loyar grabbed Adriana's hand and dragged her into the room.

"No, you have to write it here."

"Is that ......?"

"Let me know if you need anything, and I'll get it ready for you."

With that, Loyar placed his hands on both of Adriana's shoulders.

"And I'll always call you sister."

After seeing Ellen, whom he always called Auntie, Loyar seemed to like Adriana, whom he initially called Sister.

"Oh...... yes. My sister."

"Heh."

I thought I could see Loyar's non-existent tail wagging furiously.

Apparently, listening to Ellen yell at me all this time has sent my training in a weird direction.



* * *



Ellen's been scratching and clawing all this time, and Loyar's fallen victim to his sister's words, but a good thing is a good thing.

I was nervous about leaving her alone in the middle of nowhere, but it was for the best. Adriana doesn't need to be out in the open right now.

Drop Adriana off at the club headquarters and head back.

"What is the world coming to......."

Olivia says, staring blankly at the sky.

"I didn't mean to imply that once the demon is dead, everything will be fine."

"......."

"Still, I thought it would stop so many people from being dragged off to war and dying for nothing......."

Having seen the devastation of war firsthand, Olivia knew better than anyone how terrifying it can be.

Olivia doesn't know about the revolutionary forces.

However, I knew that the Five Great Houses and the Empire were fanning the flames of war by setting up another confrontation.

"I'd rather the devil not be dead, and humans not be killing each other."

Olivia seemed to hope that the rumors of the people gossiping about the demon were true, to some extent.

It's always the outside that stops the division. Olivia seemed to have self-righteously conceded the need for a demon to some extent.

"That's weird. Don't go telling anyone that I said this."

Olivia smiles at me.

"What's the point of me telling you that?"

Adriana is in the care of the Rotary Club for now, but she'll have to find another home soon. The ecliptic is not absolutely safe, after all.

Far, far away.

For example, if you're in the Edina Archipelago, where Airi is located, you can rest easy.

Even if I do send them there, how do I explain that I have ties to that faraway island nation? I didn't think today was going to be convincing in the first place.

"Reinhard, what the hell were you doing there today, anyway?"

Olivia had the same question and asked me about the Rotary Club.

"It's like a homecoming from the streets."

I explained, briefly, about the Rotary Club.

On how he got here from a beggar organization.

"I see....... That's good."

Olivia smiles when I tell her that the beggars under the bridge are now living in a nice building with a roof over their heads.

The problem is that the boss, Loyar, is still an asshole.

"I'm also surprised, Reinhard, that you're involved in some sort of criminal organization."

I've been involved with them in the past, and the Thieves' Guild isn't without its connections, but I didn't correct Olivia on that idea.

In fact, we're now officially doing business with the Merchant Guild, so it's kind of an imperial thing behind the scenes.

"Hah......."

Olivia sighed anxiously.

She's got a lot on her mind, Adriana's problems, her own problems. With Levi Lance dead, I doubt anyone would try to make Olivia Lance a success, but it was a possibility. Throw in the demons, and it's going to be complicated.

And again.

Olivia didn't end up winning the tournament or being crowned Miss Temple.

Needing money, Olivia got caught up in all sorts of things and missed out on everything she wanted.

She's the one who's had the worst luck at the festival. She's probably stressed about a lot of other things, but this money thing is really bothering her.

We can't solve all of Olivia's problems.

However, I wanted to empower Olivia a little bit.

"You know what?"

"What do you mean?"

"A nursery school sponsored by a senior."

"ah......."

"That's on the ecliptic, right?"

"Ah....... Yeah. Right."

"Let's go there."

Olivia heard me and shook her head in exasperation.

"No, no, Reinhardt, you don't have to do that. It's my problem....... I don't need you to spend money......."

"Who's spending money?"

"......?"

He seemed to think I was going to pay for what he couldn't. Of course, it's natural to think that.

But alas, I'm not willing to spend the money.

"I'm not there to make a donation, just give me a tour."

"Huh? Ah....... Yeah."

Olivia hesitantly led the way.



* * *



There are orphanages that Olivia personally sponsors.

First of all, it's not one.

He had been paying his pocket money to Leverier Ranze, but when his finances got tight, he had no way to pay.

This meant that Olivia was only supporting organizations that she could afford to support. She's not going to support everything she can afford.

Without Olivia's generous donations, the organization would not be able to operate.

"There are two other places besides here?"

"Yes."

I was standing in front of a nursery school building in the middle of nowhere on the eastern outskirts of the ecliptic.

It's not a crumbling building. But the building itself was old and the facilities were dilapidated.

However, the grounds were quite large, with children playing in a central clearing between three buildings.

The nursery was unfenced, so all the children could see us approaching.

-Huh? Sister!

-Sister's home!

-Olivia!

"Ah...... guys."

The children flocked to Olivia as she often did.

"Sis, my leg is healed!"

"Mmm, Billy. Glad to hear it."

Olivia was dealing with an onslaught of kids asking her about this and that.

Olivia seemed like someone who knew how to love children.

"Sis, she got in a fight with Will again! You have to punish her!"

"Really? You, dude. Didn't I tell you not to fight with your friends?"

"But she started it, and she said I don't have a mom, and I don't have a map!"

"I do, dumbass, it's just that my mom is busy and can't come!"

"You're kidding, I know where your mom's grave is!"

"This!"

"Hey, man, I told you not to say nasty things."

But even though their conversations are at a younger level, there are some things they say to each other that really mess with each other's minds, like this.......

That's right.

Kids tend to do padlips surprisingly easily.......

It was the first time I'd ever seen Olivia so stern, so calm, so loving in the midst of the children's verbal abuse.

I had a feeling it was going to be like that, but it was kind of exciting to see it actually look like that.

For a moment, I was overwhelmed by Olivia's sudden appearance.

They started to focus on me.

"But who is this brother?"

"Is that your sister's boyfriend?"

"Huh? Oh, no, no, no....... A junior. A close junior."

Olivia blushed and shook her head.

I thought he was going to be like, "Of course he's my boyfriend," but he was so shy, and I could tell.

Why does this guy have a different personality here.

"Sis, you like this guy, you're blushing."

"Huh? Huh? Oh, no. No, no, this guy. Do you want to make fun of your sister?"

When Olivia blurted out, the girls giggled and asked what was so great about it, and the boys started giving me the cold shoulder.

I can tell by the look in your eyes.

What are you, asshole?

It's a look that may or may not actually say this, but doesn't mean much.

"What's your brother?"

"You go to the temple too?"

"Are you a good fighter?"

Under the young eyes of the boys' enemy, I was embarrassed.

My classmates are already kids by my standards, and this is even worse.

I don't know about Olivia, but I don't like kids and I don't know how to handle them.

Children are too far away from me.

As I stare at them and say nothing, they start whispering.

-I don't think you're good at fighting.

-Scary.

-No, they don't fight like that.

Dizzy.

I didn't come here to watch the kids.

I wonder if it's just boys.

Girls whisper, too.

-He's totally my kind of guy.

-You're gonna live off your face? You're an asshole. You can see it. That's the kind of guy that sucks up a girl and throws her away? A man should have money. Money is everything.

-You might have a lot of money.

-No, that's just natural dog hair. That's what contemplation does.

-You'd marry a bald fat old man if you had enough money, wouldn't you?

-That's good, I'm not going to die soon, and I'll pay for it.

-......Huh?

-And then you're going to stab one of those dudes in the face, you idiot.

-......Getting married again?

-Why can't I do it three times?

Kids who are exceptionally precocious talk about things that even my peers won't talk about.

What are these?

-But he's so my kind of guy.......

-Come on, you're a guy.

-She says she doesn't like him.

-Ugh, asshole. A lie, of course.

What is it?

What are they watching, listening to, and learning that's going to make them so stupid already?

I'm not here to play. I try to ignore the whispers as much as possible and watch the kids.

Tattered clothes.

It wasn't rags, but it was enough to tell me that I wasn't in an environment where I had a lot of extra clothes.

All in all, the kids dried up.

His nutritional status is also judged to be poor.

I realized that it was definitely an orphanage with poor conditions.

It's understandable that Olivia would want to keep her donations up at all costs, as even a small decrease in donations will have an impact.

"Hey, Olivia, student. It's been a while."

"Ah, yes. Sir."

As the children gathered, a middle-aged woman in a white dress stepped out into the clearing to greet Olivia.

He seemed like a nice guy, and after greeting Olivia, his eyes naturally turned to me.

"Ah, Reinhard. Greetings. This is Ms. Bell, the headmistress of the Cradle of Sunshine."

"Oh, hello. Are you a friend of Olivia's student......?"

"Yes, it's called Reinhardt."

She held out her hand to me, and I took it. It was a soft hand.

Obviously, you don't want to be alone here, so there were a few adults coming and going.

Ledger of the Cradle of Sunshine.

I don't like kids and I don't know how to deal with them. I don't know what to do with them. I'm lucky if it doesn't ring.

I'm not here for the kids.

I'm not here to make a donation.

I look at Olivia and say.

"Hey, why don't you take the kids over there?"

"......?"

"I need to talk to the director."

Olivia looked a little confused, but she herded the kids and headed the other way. Like the Pied Piper, when Olivia moved, the kids, boys and girls alike, followed.

A ledger who introduced herself as Belle.

"Ah, Mr. Reinhardt, is there something you want to talk to me about?"

"Yeah. Let's just. Let's go somewhere quiet."

This is not a story to tell in public, so I followed Ms. Bell's lead into the ledger room.

I didn't want anyone to hear it.

"What could it be, Mr. Reinhardt?"

In front of Ms. Bell, who had a nice smile on her face, I smirked.

"Explain that to me."

"Is that ......?"

"What hole are we supposed to shove the money down so the kids can look like that?"

After the Demon War, the imperial government immediately began to provide maximum support to the orphanage program for war orphans.

"We're spending so much money on our kids that we should be worried about their obesity."

Underfunded?

I know there's no way that could have happened to a nursery on the ecliptic, let alone anywhere else.





