Episode 330.





Has Adriana gotten to know Loyar well enough to bathe him herself?

Loyar seemed to like Adriana.

"You look great. I always thought I couldn't stand the smell of a dog in the rain."

Eleris smirks and says so, and Loyaar glares at her.

"Whether I wash it or not."

"When you go back, buy some insecticide and spray him. He's probably got fleas and lice from your body."

"Really? What are you doing to me? I don't have fleas or lice!"

"Without it, it's even weirder. Was it so filthy that no fleas or lice could live in it?"

"Shut up!"

Eleris is surprisingly prone to snapping at Loyar. Loyar responds quite well to the snark.

I wonder if it's akin to me punching a heriot.

Anyway, we were joined by Loyar, a gray-haired beast who had gone from dog to man in the rain.

"Okay, I didn't do a very good job of explaining last time because I was in a hurry, but I'm here to clear things up."

Last time, I did what I had to do without fully explaining the circumstances and intentions. After that, I had to go back to the temple and we didn't talk.

Sarkegar, among others.

Elise and Loyard didn't know, but Sarkegar needed to understand the situation.

"You were trying to save Olivia last time, and you were trying to save Adriana."

All three were silent at my words.

"Olivia shares the Tiamata with me, and she's the one who imprints the sacred magic on it, so I don't want her to disappear. Of course, I wouldn't do it just to take advantage of her, because Adriana, Olivia, and I are all important to me."

"Degrading....... too much affection for humans....... not."

Sarkegar looked worried and started to say something, but then fell silent. It was as if he realized he couldn't convince me on this point and gave up.

"What you want to know most right now is, why did you let the humans know we exist?"

"Yes, Jae-hyung, once the humans realize that a new demon exists, they will rally and try to find us somehow."

A demonic remnant rises to prevent the empire from splitting.

It's a good thing for the Empire, but for Sarkhegar, who dreams of rebuilding the Demon Realm, it's a handshake of handshakes.

But reasons are often made up.

"Sarkegar, I want to tell you something fun."

"What is it?"

"Leviathan Rancher, just before he died, asked me to join him."

"!"

The look of horror on Elise and Sarkegar's faces was priceless.

"If your faction wreaks havoc on the empire, you're good, and it's better to join hands."

"The leader of the Crusader Knights said....... such a thing......."

"That's what humans are for."

I lower my voice.

"They are willing to join hands with non-humans to kill humans for their own gain."

Human wickedness and selfishness.

I talk about it.

"Then....... Shouldn't we have just held hands......?"

"I told you, they wanted two things I couldn't give in to, so I couldn't negotiate with them."

I'm also not going to hide that Adriana and Olivia are very important to me.

"We're still a weak force right now, and if the humans split now, the Empire can take care of it, and by the time the Empire really needs to split, it could be all wrapped up."

"......."

"It's just not the right time, and the picture is that we're going to blow them up one by one when we've built up enough of a base, when we're all ready, and it's like a revolution, or the start of a Holy Roman Empire."

Sarkegar's expression changes slightly at my words.

It's a look that goes from doubt and questioning to searching for answers.

"The Holy Empire isn't going away just because Leviathan is dead. There are factions within the Great Houses that want to break away, and they may find another rallying point besides Leviathan."

"And they work with us when they need to."

"The Revolutionaries? They're no different. The Empire is a huge monster, and the monsters they have to deal with are big and powerful. The Revolutionaries? Of course they'd want to join forces with us if a new demonic force could shake the Empire."

"Of course, back in the days of the Ancestor Demons, they would never join hands with us. They're just trying to use us."

"We can only join hands now, when we're both underdogs, so to speak. To take on the monster that is the Empire."

"So, we're not here to bring humanity together."

"To let the anti-Imperial forces know we exist."

"So, we approach them one by one, and we exchange our utility value with them, so that we can discuss in detail the timing and timing of tearing their empire apart."

"So whether it's a revolution, the start of the Holy Empire, or the rebuilding of the Demon Realm, it's better for their purposes if they happen at the same time instead of sequentially at different times, right? It's an offer they can't refuse."

"This is the beginning of an anti-imperial coalition, so to speak."

The purpose is to show humanity that the Demons are still alive and well, and to stop their division.

However, depending on how you slice it, it's also possible to say that it's to reveal our existence in order to join forces with anti-imperial forces, and use them to our advantage.

Anti-Imperial Alliance.

It's all in the telling.

At my words, Eleris looked at me with a puzzled expression.

Even Elise, who knows my true intentions, is horrified. She thinks I'm lying about the future, and that this might be my true purpose.

Even Elise, who I told everything to, is surprised.

"Thank you for your wisdom....... to your wisdom......!"

Not to mention Sarkegar.

His question was answered.

It's bound to unravel.

It's a bit of an explanation, but I can do it if I really want to. If our priority is to bring down the empire, the revolutionary forces will take our hand.

They'll try to cut our throats after the empire falls, but it makes sense to join hands now with enemies later out of necessity.

First you take down the biggest enemy at hand, then you take down the smaller ones you've been working on.

If you try to do that, it can really happen.

"Any contact with the revolutionary forces will be in the name of the Darklands."

"Okay, degradation......."

Sarkeghar exclaimed, as if he hadn't realized how grandiose my plans were.

Actually, it's all a lie.

Revolutionary forces and the work of the Holy Empire.

While I'm in contact with those key players and exchanging information, all I have to say is, "It's not time yet," not revolution or empire collapse.

It's just a matter of stalling for time before the gate blows.

For the next year or so.

In the meantime, if I keep my feet tied, my purpose is accomplished. I just have to put off what happens next.

I feel like my head is going to explode just dealing with the gate situation, and I can't even begin to think about what my actions will lead to down the road when it hasn't even been properly resolved.

I was done explaining my intentions. Most importantly, I wanted Sarkegar to be convinced, and I think he was.

Sarkeghar left, eager to find a way to contact the revolutionary forces as soon as possible.

I don't worry about him because he's very good at what he does.

"Do you have anything to say?"

"Only if you say so, ......."

Loyar listened to the whole story, but he just sat there blankly. His mind must have been somewhere else entirely.

I'm done talking about it anyway.

"How's Adriana, how's she doing? She's doing better than I expected, seeing as she's even giving me a bath."

At the point where he says he's been washed, not that he's washing someone much younger than him, Loyar is in trouble.

"She's an angel compared to that brat, she's well-behaved, she's nice, she keeps offering to help me with things, and she's a pain in the ass."

I'm smiling just thinking about Adriana, even though she's not talking.

My sister is neutralized with a single blow.

Is this too easy?

Yeah....... I guess that's what dogs are for.......

Technically, Ellen's personality is that of a cat. She doesn't show emotion easily, pretends to be completely uninterested, and then suddenly sneaks up on you and sits in your lap.

I wonder if Ellen and Loyar were never meant to be together.

Adriana was wondering if she should be sent somewhere else.

It's only been a few days, and seeing Loyar like that makes me wonder if Adriana is doing well.

Of course, that's just Loyar's opinion, and Adriana's might be different, so I'll have to find out for myself later.

After Loyar exited the sewers, his gait somehow lighter, I took one last look at Eleris.

"What about Radia?"

"Hmm, she's very scared of me. I guess I can't help it, but, well, if you leave it to me....... I'm sure something good will happen soon."

Radia Schmidt was originally intended to be killed, but was spared at Eleris' request, so he trusts her to take care of herself.



* * *



Tuesday.

The commotion had died down somewhat. Most of the people who were going to get out had gotten out, and while the investigation seemed to be moving forward, it was in vain.

There would be no trace or traceability.

I was now in the student body president's office.

The student body president and vice president. These are the same people we saw last time we had a club budget funding issue.

Lane Carley, 5th year, Temple Student Council President.

Vice President, Hermann von Rogarius, 4th year.

They were both feeling liberated that the temple festival was over, but it was clear that they were still tired.

"You are about to go to see the Emperor."

Tournament winners are eligible for Emperor Enlightenment. I thought this might be a reason to cancel the Emperor Announcement, but it seems not.

Six players for the first through sixth grade tournament.

One unlimited tournament winner.

And it's unusual.

This time, Mr. Temple and Miss Temple are the emperors.

So it wasn't just me, but Ellen, who was there to hear about the process and the caveats of knowing the emperor now.

Mr. Temple is a stranger. He's an awfully handsome guy from the common class. He's in the fourth grade.

Not interested.

Despite the caveats, student body president Lane Carley seemed to have something on his mind.

I know what it is without you telling me.

Seven tournament winners.

Miss Temple, and Mr. Temple.

There should be nine people in total, but there are only eight at this table.

No Unlimited tournament winner, Radia Schmidt.

The disappearance of Radia Schmidt.

That was going to be a major problem, too.

The Imperials might assume that Radia Schmidt is a member of an unnamed order, and that she died in the last incident.

But missing is missing.

Those who know anything about the nameless order will know that the search for Radia Schmidt is also tied to this case.

If there are people who saw me and Radia Schmidt in the Aligarh shopping district, and there are people who remember it, the problem becomes complicated.

In a way, I also took a risk to save Adriana and Olivia.

If that's a problem, then let Radia Schmidt go free and make her commit perjury.

Maybe Eleris' choice not to kill Radia Schmidt will somehow come back to bite me in the ass.

The Road to Knowing the Emperor.

But there's one person who should be there.

Escorted by the imperial guards, we left the temple.

Originally, only tournament winners had the honor of announcing the emperor.

The reason we're calling out Miss Temple and Mr. Temple this time is pretty obvious.

"......I'm hungry."

It's probably because Ellen, who's sitting next to you, mumbling something about being hungry with a fierce look on her face, has been crowned Miss Temple.

She is the younger sister of Lagan Artorius and a classmate of Bertus and Charlotte.

You're probably wondering what Ellen is like.

And the Emperor knows that I have improved Charlotte's condition.

Saviolin Tana told me that one day the Emperor would call on me.

It was a bit unexpected to be the winner of a tournament, and to be sent to meet the emperor, even with Ellen.

Since I was on my way to meet the emperor, I was accompanied by the royal guard, so my transportation was a little different than usual.

Instead of taking the magic train, I was able to use the warp gate beyond the temple exit to go directly to the gate at the entrance to the Imperial Palace.

Ellen didn't seem too impressed with the whole situation.

As if the emperor wanted to see you. His usual scorched-earth look.

I know, I'm a little bored, but it was fun to see Ellen being a bit of a dork for the first time in a while.

......No.

But when I think about it, shouldn't I fear this situation the most in the world?

The only thing I can think of is that I'm more of a douchebag than Ellen.

Thinking nothing of it, we walked into the Yellow Castle.

Just as we did last time, we piled into the waiting tram and began our journey to the Imperial Palace.

Everyone was in awe as it would be their first time riding a tram inside the Yellow City.

"There's a tram."

Ellen seemed a little curious if it was the same for her.

"It's big, so it should be."

I was rather unimpressed. Without it, it would be rather inconvenient to move around inside the planet as it is.

"Did you see that?"

Ellen's question made my breath catch in my throat.

"No?"

Here we have the imperial guards and students who don't know any better.

No one should know that I once came to Imperial Emperatos on business about the Palace of Spring.

I don't want Bertus to know that I was instrumental in saving Charlotte's life.

Ellen nods at my words and looks out the window.

The Winter Palace and the Spring Palace could be seen in the distance. I wonder if Charlotte and Bertus are there.

On the tram that stopped at the Central Palace Tetra, we all hopped off and walked in formation.

The main gates of the central palace were wide open. Everyone seemed to be overwhelmed by the solemn, majestic, if unspectacular, appearance of the Central Imperial Tetra. Again, it was a palace whose simplicity made it seem majestic.

As I walked through the palace's main hall and into the alcove, I saw a line of nobles and commoners alike, and in the deepest part of the alcove in the center, someone sat on a throne atop five daises.

A middle-aged man with a golden crown and scepter and a red cape.

There was the imperial emperor Neliod de Gradias.





