Episode 332.





You have a demon to kill, so focus on getting stronger while we buy you as much time as we can, and the Empire will give you as much support as we can.

It's funny, but it's the way things are. Actually, that's me, and it's not fair.

Emperor's Day has come and gone, vacation has begun, and the last days of the year are upon us.

At the end of the day, a group of like-minded individuals gathered in the Class A dormitory to party a bit.

I cooked the food, and everyone was there except Bertus. For once, we hung out in the dining room with all the Ganodab death squads and Kliffman.

I did the food, and Ellen sat next to me.

"Oh, no....... Reinhardt you....... done with this?"

"What can't you do?"

The dog's eyes widened as it was the first time he had ever tasted my food. He wasn't too fazed, though, as he's been known to eat off to the side.

It was one of those days where you just eat and play.

Of course, our veritable douchebag, Liana de Granz, went on a booze-fetching spree at the Duchess.

"Boo-rah-rah-rah!"

"Drink up!"

Of course, no one else drank it, just me and Riana, and we got really drunk, and then I was subdued by Ellen and Riana was subdued by Harriet.

We were subdued early, and luckily, we didn't get caught by the inspectors.



* * *



It's a new year.

We've decided to stay in the ecliptic because we don't know when Sarkegar will make contact with the revolutionaries and when Eleris will ask us about the Vampire Council.

As much as I'd love to follow Ellen to her hometown, I can't.

What a shame.

"You can go alone."

"Who doesn't know that?"

I was walking next to Ellen, who was dragging her huge trunk along.

I'm not sure when Ellen will return from her trip back home, but she'll be gone for at least a few weeks.

The Temple is indeed out, and all Ellen has to do is enter the giant gate in front of it.

You can even get a free pass with an imperial coat of arms, so you don't have to wait in line.

It's great if you can get through the gate quickly.

What to say.

It's a shame, really.

They say they'll be gone as soon as school starts.

Ellen's hometown is a literal backwater that doesn't even exist on a map.

Ellen tilts her head at me from where she's dragging her trunk and the gate is in the distance.

"I'll be there."

"......."

Ellen shakes her head when she realizes I'm staring at her.

"Shall I go?"

"......?"

"If you tell me not to go, I won't go."

I'm going to lose my mind.

I told you not to come in like this!

"No, you should go. Your parents will be worried, they haven't seen your face in a long time."

Ellen's parents are probably worried about how their daughter is doing. I have a lot of work to do, and I may be gone from the ecliptic for days at a time, so it doesn't make sense to ask Ellen to stay away.

Ellen stared at the gate for a moment, then at me for a moment, then at the door.

Suddenly, he pointed to a cafe down the street.

"How about I stay a little later?"

Ellen says there's no rush, and she can kill some time.

"Uh."

Ellen smirked at my knife-like response.

I ended up ordering a drink at a cafe and wandering around, delaying my departure by almost six hours.

It wasn't like we were talking about anything really interesting, we were just sitting there, watching people walk by, and if we were hungry, ordering dessert or something.

"......."

"......."

This is it.

A soldier on leave is ambiguously killing his girlfriend because he doesn't want to break up with her when he gets back. Of course, the roles are reversed, as Ellen is the one going and I'm the one staying.

Ellen shakes her head in disbelief as their vision blurs.

"Hey, why don't we just go tomorrow?"

I swallowed the lump in my throat that was about to come out in favor of that answer.

"......No, this is clearly a picture of me leaving the day after tomorrow, so just go."

"......."

Ellen's mouth pops open.

"No, I'm not saying this in the sense that I want you to go fast, but it's definitely going to happen."

"I know what you mean."

After wasting time, Ellen stood at the gate.

"I'll be back."

"Yeah, be careful."

I don't know what you're looking out for, but that's what the horse said.

"You be careful, too. Whatever."

Ellen nodded and walked toward the giant warp gate.

Wistfully, I watched Ellen as she walked through the gate.

Ellen looked back in my direction just before she entered the gate, gave me a quick wave, stayed still, and then floated through the gate.

What to say.

Him and me.

They're really getting on each other's nerves.......

Not that that's a bad thing, but.......



* * *



"Can I try this?"

"We haven't done any stability testing yet. What if something goes wrong?"

"Are you kidding me?"

"Yeah, I might die."

"Well, yeah......."

I lifted the vial of mysterious blue reagent to my mouth and set it down.

Magical Research Society Mansion.

I had just come to check on the progress of the moonshine and power cartridges.

It's like I'm some kind of overseer, and it's not really that different from that. I'm also the president of the Society for the Study of Magic.

Christina, the alchemy major, says she thinks she's got a handle on it now, and I was going to taste it, but she said it might kill me if I got it wrong, so I put it down.

"So when do you think it will be finished?"

"Well, I'm not sure, because I'm honestly thinking it's a miracle I made it this far......."

Christina is already thinking that what she's gleaned doesn't make sense. After all, the Society for the Study of Magic is less than half a year old.

But even in the original, this is a very fast-moving object. So I'm sure it will be finished before the end of this vacation.

"It's funny....... I know it's funny to say this, but....... I should say fateful. There is such a thing."

She was ordered to make something that didn't make sense. But in the process of figuring out what to do, she seemed to feel a sense of fateful dissonance.

"Well, that's good."

"Yes."

I can't even get to the part about me knowing the future.

Christina has no problem.

The problem is the other way around.

"Reinhardt......."

"......Uh, why."

"Would you like to try this......?"

Anna De Guerna.

She's one of the main players in the alchemy experiment with Christina. Anna gives me a sullen look and thrusts a mysterious pink fluorescent substance at me.

"This....... What is this?"

"It's good for you......."

"Oh, no. I, I'm healthy enough, I don't need to get better....... Me, sorry."

I'm so scared of him!

Every time I come here, he's trying to sneak something in, but his intentions never seem pure!

I can't do anything to her in the same way I can't with Riana. She seems to have some kind of favor with me, but I don't know what I'll do to her if that favor turns to malice.

"Anna! Didn't I tell you to stop trying to feed Reinhardt weird things?"

Fortunately, Christina restrained her, and Anna put the vial back in her arms with a sulky look.

"Chet......."

I'm really scared.......

Every time I come here, I remind myself not to accidentally eat anything.



* * *



Next up, of course, were the power cartridges. Moonshine and Power Cartridges are key to the purpose of the Magical Research Society.

-Woof

In a safe room in the mansion's basement, designed to withstand as much impact as possible, I could see Herriot clutching an artifact of blue ore, eyes narrowed in concentration.

-Woof!

The bluish artifact vibrates, glowing and pulsating.

Me, Adelia, and the little senior, Redina, watched it with bated breath.

The vibrations felt by the bluish artifact gradually intensify.

-Quack!

-Bam!

Eventually, the power cartridge exploded and shattered. Herriot was unharmed by the protective field he'd deployed around himself, but the blast was enough to blow off an arm if he'd been caught unawares.

"...... blew up again."

Adelia sighed, as if the earth had gone out from under her.

"Does it happen often?"

"Almost."

Herriot emerged from the safe room with his hair sticking up in a ponytail, though the blast had been deflected by protection.

"Why risk it?"

"If ...... doesn't do it, what the heck does it do?"

As if to say, "Come up with another way to get in my face," Harriet prodded, her hands on her hips.

"Well, I don't have anything to say about that, but....... No, but you're still worried."

"I know you're worried, but this is the only way to go."

In the Magic Institute, Heriot is the best at manipulating mana. As such, she is the only one who can attempt to manipulate the mana inside the unstable cartridge and use it as if it were mana in her body.

If a clumsy guy fails, it's hard to tell if it's because he's clumsy with his horsemanship or if the cartridge itself is faulty.

That's why he said he always does the power cartridge experiments.

In recent years, it seems like they've succeeded in putting horsepower into cartridges, but they're having trouble running them.

Every time a cartridge blows up, so does your budget.

"What's the problem?"

"I can feel the artifact's mana synchronizing with my body, but it's still weak, so I don't think the circuitry will hold up if I try to cast a spell."

"Is it a matter of durability?"

"I don't think it's necessarily that."

"Juniors, let's review the circuit design again!"

I can't even understand what three magic majors are saying, but it's not like they're not making progress at all, and it seems like they've finally gotten to the halfway point.

Moonshine and power cartridges.

I have a feeling it won't be finished until next year.

Honestly, I don't care if it's not finished until next year.

Both of these are things that were helpful enough after the gate debacle, so if we can get them done before the gate debacle, that would be a huge boost.

Heriot has succeeded in drastically reducing the time it takes to cast spells. So all you need is magic power.

When the power cartridge is complete, it will be a force to be reckoned with.

And the one that inspired Herriot to awaken a new way to use magic.

"I think you should use open-ended."

"Do you think so?"

"I'll take it or leave it!"

Little Ledina.

Herriot mimics Redina's talent.

With Redina's no-casting talent, the true power of the Power Cartridge would be unleashed.

Things are going well, but eventually the bitter water rises.

It's just that I think what we're doing here is leading to war.

Because these kids are about to go into a fight that's going to kill and be killed, and somebody's going to die.

I don't want to deny that it's necessary, but I don't feel good about the fact that everyone is going to get hurt in the end.

After some back-and-forth, the trio decided that once they had a direction to go, Adelia would design a power cartridge based on the new blueprint.

"Hey."

"Why?"

"I'm heading out of the temple for a bit, do you have a minute?"

Herriot was up to something.

"Researching dimensional magic, we should get started."

Herriot's original role is to research dimensional magic.

Now that the tournament was over and I was on vacation, I felt like I could really get back to researching dimensional magic.

"You do it, why not me?"

"Just come on in, you idiot!"

Herriot dragged me along as if to tell me to shut up and follow him.



* * *



Harriet and I walked out of the Magical Research Society mansion. Herriot wore a small backpack. I don't know what was in it.

"How's Ellen doing?"

"I suppose."

We all know that Ellen went back to her hometown.

"I'm kind of curious about what Ellen's hometown is like. Right?"

"It's a small town, what do you want to know?"

"Well, it's also the hometown of Lagan Artorius......."

a.

Come to think of it, Ellen's hometown is also the hometown of Lagan Artorius.

Think of it as a visit to a warrior's birthplace.

However, it is not known to the general public what village Lagan Artorius is from, because if it were, it wouldn't be a village anymore.

Leaving aside the question of whether or not Lagan Artorius' sacrifice was deserved, it's clear that Herriot has a personal liking and respect for the warrior. Who wouldn't?

"Do you want me to ask her if we can hang out later?"

"...... That's your choice, but remember, it's a rural area."

"Why not? It sounds like a nice, quiet place, like a fairy tale."

"What the hell, you think turning a faucet in a place like that is going to produce water?"

"......a."

Don't think that anywhere on the continent, the base of life is going to be similar to the ecliptic. When I pointed that out, she got a little freaked out because she hadn't thought of that.

"You'll be lucky if you don't pass out in a conventional restroom."

"Conventional......? What's that?"

Harriet shakes her head, as if she's never heard such a word in her life.

Yeah, there's no reason for you to get the importance of a toilet seat into your head.

"Hmmm, I never thought I'd see the day when I'd have to explain to you about a poop bucket, so listen up, poop bucket."

"Well, well, well, if you're going to talk dirty, don't!"

"In a neighborhood that doesn't have water and sewer, you just dig up the ground and bury a giant barrel or something, and then you put a toilet on top of it, and then you go to work......."

"Ha, don't do it!"

"Of course, the feces don't go down the drain, they pile up. Every time you go in, you look down and see all the traces of life that have accumulated over the years......."

"Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't!"

"But when it's all piled up, it's scooped up into a big pile, and then mixed with straw and aged......."

-Bam!

"Stop it!"

Eventually, she was punched. Herriot has a vivid imagination.

It was like I was trying to imagine if what I had heard had finally stuck.

"No, no, no....... Nonsense....... Smell....... Don't you?"

"Why not?"

"Then how do you....... work....... work?"

"I'll put up with it."

"Ugh, woo....... ugh......."

Herriot is a wreck. Even if you've seen the worst on a desert island, it's still going to be traumatizing.

You'll pass out the moment you walk into a conventional restroom, apparently.

"Just because you live in a fairy tale doesn't mean you live in a fairy tale."

"You are so evil!"

Harriet, annoyed that I was shattering her illusion when I didn't have to, took the lead.

"I thought you didn't go to places like that?"

"I didn't know!"

"Are you feeling sorry for Ellen right now?"

"Shut up!"

Herriot eventually broke down and begged me to shut up.



* * *



Harriet and I emerged near the massive warp gate at the Temple entrance. The atmosphere of the Ecliptic was still turbulent, but the commotion had died down, so it wasn't as overwhelmingly crowded as it had been, except for the queue at the warp gate.

"Dimension Magic......."

Despite the lame excuse of "wanting to go to the otherworld," it seems that Herriot had been working on his dimensional magic research in the meantime, as I had asked.

Of course, I was busy with other things, so I didn't get much done.

"First of all, remember when I said that dimensional magic is being used in bits and pieces for this and that?"

"Right."

"Do you know the difference between dimensional magic and spatial magic?"

"Do I know."

I know there's magic, but I don't know how it works, so I'm not sure I'd understand it if Harriet explained it to me.

Herriot and I took me to a secluded clearing outside the temple.

The Temple's warp gate was visible in the distance.

"I can't use teleport yet, but I'm sure you've seen me use blink."

"Right."

"Here, look."

Herriot seemed to focus, and soon he was three steps to the right of his spot, with a whimper.

"This is Blink."

"Uh, yeah."

I think I found a place off the beaten path so people wouldn't panic if I used magic.

"It's a concept of moving my body, not unlike teleportation. The concept of swapping the spatial coordinates of my body with a targeted location....... You don't understand, do you?"

"Uh, not at all."

He must have seen my eyes go out of focus as I explained, because he sighed in frustration.

"After all, teleportation and blink are spatial magic."

"Isn't that similar to space and dimensionality?"

"umm....... Similar, but a little different. In magic, dimension is a higher concept."

Herriot points to a warp gate in the distance.

"The warp gate system is not a spatial magic, it's a dimensional magic."

"What exactly is different?"

"Ummm....... I don't know how to explain it, there's a lot of magic involved with portals and gates, but it's basically just gluing space and space together."

Herriot spreads his right and left hands wide.

"Imagine that my left hand and right hand are each a gate of the same family, and the magic that allows these spaces to be connected in one or both directions, as if they were actually separated but attached. That's a gate."

"What....... Sure."

It's not like I haven't been on a warp gate, either. A warp gate is a portal that creates a space that functions as if it were attached to another space.

"My body moving, creating a portal between space and space, do you understand the difference?"

"Is this because there's a higher magic to connecting spaces together?"

"I don't know if it's right to call it higher, but the basic premise is completely different. The spatial movement series is about accurately calculating my spatial coordinate points and the target coordinate points, and the gate is about creating a portal between two spaces that are separated."

Traveling through space is like a warp gate or teleportation, but the basic concept is completely different.

"Of course, it's not necessarily wrong to call teleportation-type magic dimensional magic, but gate-type magic is a more subtle form of dimensional interference."

We've talked about how the idea of dimensional magic is rare. This is because most magical systems use it to some degree.

"It's actually not that hard to figure out how to get to the otherworld you're wondering about."

"...... is it?"

Easy? What are you talking about?

"With infinite horsepower and the right knowledge, it could be done."

"You mean no?"

"If we knew exactly where the Otherworld was, we could somehow open a portal to it with infinite magic. Not a normal portal, of course."

"You mean no?"

"Yes."

Herriot's answer was straightforward. The method itself is easy.

It's just that there's no such thing as infinite magic power, and we don't know where the otherworld is, so we can't do anything about it.

However, in the end, having infinite horsepower is the least necessary of the two conditions.

Warp gates are supposed to be connected to the otherworld anyway, which means they don't have to fulfill the requirement of infinite magic power.

Aside from my own little epiphany, Herriot was staring at the warp gate in the distance.

"But then I realized, in my own research, that it's a warp gate."

"Uh."

"It's a much more advanced form of magic than I expected, and it's highly classified. Very little is known to the public, and it's closely guarded by the Magic Society and the Imperial Family."

"I suppose so?"

"Of course not. Just anyone can't build a warp gate."

A warp gate would be a critical piece of infrastructure for humanity, so it would be well-maintained and its technology would be highly secretive. Herriot looks at the warp gate and scratches his head.

"So I was kind of curious."

"What?"

"I wonder if I can create a private warp gate, and if I do, can I link it to that warp gate. If someone can interfere with the warp gate system's own portal....... That's a bit of a problem, isn't it?"

Herriot didn't foresee the Gate debacle.

However, they did seem to recognize the dangers of the warp gate itself.





