Episode 333.





To use a modern analogy, Herriot seemed to be thinking about the possibility of someone hacking into the Warp Gate server.

It shouldn't be impossible. If you have knowledge of warp gate design, you should be able to create a private warp gate and it should function exactly like an existing warp gate.

Also, a warp gate is connected to all warp gates.

Let's say you can create a warp gate that connects to the otherworld.

This leads to the conclusion that by creating a single gate, we can scatter everyone through it to the continents.

It's entirely possible that you don't need to create one.

If you make a single warp gate a warp gate to an alternate universe.

Any warp gate on the continent can cause an outpouring of otherworldly monsters.

I felt like I was walking on thin ice.

How to open a portal to the Otherworld.

How to hack a warp gate system.

All they need to know is that the continent is ready for a gate crisis at any moment.

"So, eventually, I think I'll have a better understanding of dimensional magic once I have a better understanding of the warp gate system, but, you know, that's classified, and I can't find out....... I'm not sure I can do that on my own."

Herriot sighed heavily. I do have information, but it's top secret, and I can't access it. Herriot's status is very high, but what he wants is top secret, both imperial and magical.

"......That, I think I can help you with."

"You?"

I pulled the imperial crest from my bosom.

"What. Why would you want to......."

"I got it a few days ago."

Imperial Coat of Arms.

Wherever you go, you will have the full cooperation of the Empire and be treated as if you were royalty. Herriot was surprised and embarrassed to see me carrying the imperial crest.

"What can I do with this?"

There's a good chance it won't work, but it's at least something to talk about.

I can't ask him to teach me the warp gate system itself, but I can ask him to share his knowledge of dimensional magic.

For a moment, Herriot is frozen, but then his face lights up.

"Gee, really? Is it working?"

"That's something I don't know yet."

"Go, uh, come on, let's do something, anything, quick!"

Herriot is a wizard.

He was more excited than I was about the new knowledge he was going to gain.



* * *



I don't know if the Imperials will ever give me the top-secret information about the Warp Gate, but I always have an open line of communication.

Bertus seemed to be staying in the Winter Palace for the holidays on top of this, while Charlotte was back in her Royal Class dormitory.

You don't know when you're going to get sick, and you want to be as close as possible to what you can do about it.

So naturally, Saviolin Tana was also back in the Royal Class dormitory as warden, just in case.

So naturally, it would be Charlotte, not Bertus, that I and Harriet would visit.

"Dimensional magic research?"

"Uh, for academic reasons, he wants to do some research, and the Empire has a lot of knowledge about that, doesn't it?"

Naturally, I didn't tell Charlotte about the otherworldly bullshit.

"Hmm, so what's in the temple isn't enough?"

Charlotte is not a mage, so it didn't make sense for her to seek imperial cooperation in this area.

I explained this to a confused Harriet.

There is a great deal of research on dimensional magic, but it is highly classified and inaccessible to the Imperial Family and the Magic Society, which developed the Warp Gate system.

"If it's classified, there's probably a reason it's classified, so I don't think it's something I can easily determine. But I might be able to ask the Imperial Ministry of Magic for some cooperation."

"Me, really?!"

Herriot bounced in place with delight.

Even if you're a princess of the magical Duchy of Saint-Thuan, it's not every day that you get access to classified imperial research.

In the break room, Charlotte scribbled on a piece of paper and handed it to Harriet.

"I'll tell you what, but not right away, but tomorrow you can take this to the Imperial Ministry of Magic."

"Thanks, Huang....... Thanks, Huang....... Oh, no, Charlotte!"

"Hmmm. Something like that."

Charlotte looked at me and gave me a coy smile, like she was doing it for the look on my face.

"Reinhard, come see me later."

"Yeah."

Charlotte asked if she had anything to say.

Harriet is dumbfounded the entire way back to her A-level dorm because she had gotten the permit so easily. After staring at the permit for a while, Charlotte folds it up in her arms and gives me a questioning look.

"But come to think of it, are you the Empress....... I mean, why are you so close to Charlotte?"

Harriet seemed to be thinking about it. She seemed to realize that there was no reason for me and Charlotte to be friends when we were in different classes. She even asked to talk to me in private.

But isn't it a little late to ask that?

"Handsome."

"...... How the hell am I supposed to respond to that?"

Herriot looked genuinely annoyed.

and.

This guy is a real dick.

Harriet stares at me like I'm not kidding, like I need to tell her the real reason.

"Hey, why are you and I so close?"

"Huh?"

At my reverse question, Herriot's brow furrowed in thought, as if he was thinking about the old days.

I can see so much of the past flashing by like a zooming light.

It started with me getting a slap on the wrist for saying something to a crazy classmate who was talking down to the seniors.

Afterward, you'll remember all the times you've been nicknamed Pikachu and cried in the street.

And the memories that follow.

"Well, yeah......."

Herriot's complexion began to pale.

"Me....... like you....... What the hell....... why did we get friendly......?"

A man with a high ego, noble origins and great talent, who was teased by a street beggar as a punk, befriended him.

They don't think this makes sense, even to themselves.

"There are people in the world who like to be bullied, and I guess that's you."

"No, no, no, no, you idiot!"

Herriot's face fell at my point.

"Really, really how did I. How did I. How did I. How did I....... How did I get to......?"

"Yeah, whatever you say."

"What?"

Honestly, I didn't set out to befriend Herriot, it was just one of those things that happened.

It's one thing to tease her and think she's cute, and then feel bad when she cries, so you're nice to her.

Not everything is going to go as planned, and some of the things that don't go as planned are good things.

"It's no different than Charlotte."

Just like how I became friends with you, how Charlotte and I became friends can only be described as accidental.

There was no way I could get to know Charlotte when I was in a different class, hiding the fact that I was Valerie. Charlotte was the first to approach me about finding Valerie.

"......something like that."

Herriot mumbled something to himself.

And a while later.

-Pak! Pah-pah-pah!

"I'm so mad at you! You! You really did this to me! Why did you do this to me! Why!"

"Aww, you're always hitting me these days!"

Harriet blushed and patted me on the shoulder.

It didn't hurt at all, which is kind of sad.



* * *



Herriot will continue his research into dimensional magic with the cooperation of the Imperial Ministry of Magic. I'm not sure what he'll discover along the way, but if he knows one thing about magic, he knows ten, so there's a good chance he'll find something.

Just talking to you today has given me a few clues.

The gate situation is a dangerous clue that this is a very easy thing to break if you know how.

After a while, I headed back to the Class B dorm because Charlotte said we needed to talk.

"Hello?"

"Uh."

Charlotte was waiting for me in the dorm common room.

No one was in the break room to see what the others were doing. It was a big departure from the original.

Saviolin Tana took up residence, and Ludwig's desire to be strong was awakened.

So while Ludwig would normally be traveling during this break, it seems that he has decided to spend this winter break training with Saviolin Tana.

Good is good, and this is better than the original plot. Charlotte poured me a cup of black tea, and I sipped it, still not recognizing the flavor.

Charlotte sipped her tea and looked out the break room window at the winter sun.

"I've seen the king. With Ellen."

"I did."

"And you have an imperial coat of arms?"

"Right."

Charlotte set her teacup down and carefully placed her hand over mine, which was still clutching it.

"......."

There was a certain emotion in Charlotte's eyes.

It was a light of sorrow. I'm sure Charlotte knows what it means for me and Ellen to be given the imperial crest.

I'll give you unlimited privileges, so put your life on the line in the fight against the devil.

I know that's what it means, and so does Ellen, and so does Charlotte.

"He might be behind this. I'm thinking about it."

"...... is it?"

Charlotte already knows that Valier is no ordinary person.

Despite knowing that, I didn't make any further contact with them to cut them off unsuspectingly.

If Valerie was behind this, Charlotte, who knew Eleris' whereabouts, could try to capture her at any moment. Of course, it wouldn't be easy.

Charlotte stares out the window.

He was still holding my hand still.

"If that child is indeed the heir to the surviving Demon King, what am I supposed to do?"

"......."

Charlotte looks at me.

There were tears in his eyes.

"That you have to fight for your life with him. I hate that."

Charlotte's grief was coming from a place I didn't expect.

Bali is important to me too.

As the master of Tiamata, I have been chosen to stand with Ellen against the Devil.

Not wanting Valier to get hurt, Charlotte was still keeping Eleris's whereabouts a secret. If she suspected Valerie of being behind it, she could have gone after her at any time, but she didn't.

But things are different now.

I was horrified to think that since I had been chosen to be the Devil's arch-enemy, I might one day die fighting for my life against him.

Me and Valerie.

You think you're at a crossroads where you have to choose one or the other.

Charlotte's sadness is understandable, since we don't know that they're both the same thing.

For me, I need to find Valerie. At the very least, he should be able to confirm whether or not he's guilty.

But Charlotte couldn't do anything about it because she was afraid she'd find out something she couldn't take back.

Eleris must either leave the ecliptic or relocate.

For now, that much is certain.

I trust Charlotte, but her trust in Valerie is shaky.

Because of me, the same being.

"I'll tell that wizard to run far, far away."

"......?"

"That should do it."

Charlotte was stunned, as if she had heard something unexpected.

"I don't believe for a moment that the heirs of such a shattered Demon Realm and Demon King will become a force strong enough to threaten the Empire in such a short time."

"At most, there are a few strong demons alive, but what can we do with them?"

"I'm the one who will fight the demon if it later proves to be dangerous, and I'm entitled to make that decision."

"And we don't even know if the kid really had anything to do with it yet, so don't feel too guilty."

It's all a lie.

I have to tell that white lie in front of Charlotte without changing my complexion.

You're not sacrificing, but you're pretending to.

Charlotte looks at me blankly.

My way of saying you don't have to go after him right now, because I'll take the risk later.

When Charlotte finally hears the words, she begins to sob in front of me.

"Sorry, Reinhard......."

Charlotte seemed to feel so sorry for me, knowing what the right choice was for me, but not being able to make that decision easily.

Than Charlotte is sorry for me.

A guilt a dozen times greater than that was weighing on my mind.

"And now....... about that child....... I'll forget about him completely......."

Charlotte says this is her last favor and mercy to Valier. From now on, she will always stand by Reinhardt's side.

Valerie Reinhardt told me.



* * *



I hadn't thought about this issue.

Charlotte is aware of Valerie's suspicions, but she doesn't expect Charlotte to dig into them.

But it was unexpected that his faith in Bali would be shaken by his concern for me. This was after the Emperor had given me and Ellen our imperial crests.

Given the prominence of the demonic forces, it was inevitable that Charlotte would try to learn more about Bali's whereabouts at some point, if only for my sake.

That's why I immediately went to see Eleris.

"You should move your residence to....... ."

"We're going to have to be careful about contacting people on the ecliptic. We're going to do most of our communications through the Rotary Club. There will be a delay in communication, but I don't think it's worth it."

"Yes, degradation, I see what you mean."

Eleris' subterranean chambers.

Eleris understood well enough that the circumstances that had changed since my announcement to the Emperor and Charlotte's state of mind required a change of residence.

Normally, that would have been the end of it, but there were other things to worry about in Eleris's lair these days.

"It would be a shame to keep this child locked up here like this, so maybe he should go somewhere where he can be more free."

-cringe

"I didn't say anything, what do you care?"

None other than Radia Schmidt.

Radia shuddered at my gaze.

I was the only Temple student who happened to know that I was the heir to the Demon King. Elise wouldn't have bullied or abused me, given her personality, but Radia had a very bad complexion and was withdrawn.

"Well, I was able to save Olivia by doing something stupid anyway......."

Call it self-serving.

If Radia Schmidt hadn't pulled her stunt, I would have had to watch with open eyes as Olivia made an extreme choice and fell into the clutches of Rivera Ranze. Or not even realize that Adriana is dead.

Radia was cowering on the floor, shaking as she watched me.

The look that says you'd rather be dead.

I don't have any feelings for Radia Schmidt anymore, but I can't do that if I'm going to let her go.

There's a limit to how much you can be swayed by a little recognition, and Radia Schmidt knew too much she shouldn't have known.

"So, what are you going to do?"

"Well, I think he should go to the council side for now, where he'll be able to....... He won't be able to run away, so he'll have a little more freedom, and a meeting might be called soon."

Vampire Council.

Known to humans as High Epiax.

Elise seemed to be thinking of taking Radia Schmidt there to stay for a while. It wouldn't take long to organize the shop.

"Is that a date?"

"I'm sure it will be soon, and I'll pass along the schedule to the club when I have more details, so if you're there at the appointed time, I'll be there to pick you up."

"Okay, okay."

Radia won't know what's going on. I squatted down in front of a terrified Radia Schmidt.

"Senior."

"Yes, yes......."

Radia Schmidt on the brink of snowfall.

He was a fanatic, but his determination and faith were easily shattered by the mere mention of vampirization.

Even if they wanted to trust me because I was an apostle of God, that was impossible now that they knew I was the devil.

Radia Schmidt has no choice but to break.

"Elise isn't such a bad...... thing."

"......."

"At least he's better than me, so you can be more comfortable."

-tuk-tuk

I patted Radia Schmidt on the shoulder and stood up.

Radia intends to leave it to Elise.

If it's broken, it's broken, and if you adapt and get used to it, it's just that.

"Here we go."

"Take a look, degradation."

Elysees crosses the ecliptic.

I felt like things were finally starting to come together.

In fact, rather than being in full swing, I'm afraid we've gone full circle.

The thought kept coming back to me.





