Episode 334.





Her actions were swift. Realizing that Charlotte de Gradias might be on her trail, she moved in that direction.

"It's going to be cold, you should dress warmly."

Of course, since it's winter and they're headed to the polar regions, Elise dresses Radia Schmidt in a thick coat and snowsuit.

Other than that, Elise packed only the very important things she needed to take with her.

Eleris wasn't thrilled about leaving the ecliptic. It was a place she could always return to.

But his heart was heavy, knowing that his return to the Vampire Council was the beginning of something bigger.

Something is about to start.

Not knowing if it would save the world or destroy it.

Hoping Valier's words are true. Eleris casts Mass Teleport.

-huiuiui

Known to humans as Castle Epiax, but originally used as a meeting place for the Lord Vampire Houses.

Eleris arrived at the snowy castle with Radia Schmidt.

"...... here?"

"Have you been here before? The last time I spoke to him, he said you were on a group mission to the Temple."

"No, I'm new to......."

"There's probably no one there but us....... but don't stray far from me, just in case."

Radia followed Eleris, who led the way with a grunt. Eleris pushed open the side door to the cold, barren castle.

-hhhblack....... 흐흑.......

"Whoa, whoa. Who's there! There's......?"

Radia was stunned by the sobs coming from all directions.

"It's a ghost."

They're just lowly bugs, but they're getting on her nerves. Radia Schmidt's face turns blue as she watches the ghosts tear through the walls at will.

What the hell am I doing here.

Normally, one would feel compelled to destroy the unholy, but the fear deeply embedded in Radia Schmidt's consciousness made her weak.

Eleris's calm footsteps echoed in the cool, dreary hallway.

"I'm not going to keep a close eye on you from now on. You don't know where you are, and even if you did, there's no one around here for hundreds of kilometers. If you run away, I'll come after you, but remember, I'm not doing it to punish you, I'm doing it because I'm afraid you're going to die."

Radia Schmidt could only nod in response to Elise's words.

"Don't worry, I'll make sure you have something to eat, something to wear, and a place to sleep."

Only a mage with access to teleportation could even reach this environment. So if I left Radia here and Eleris went away, she would be left to dry up and die.

"But if you kill yourself because I'm not monitoring you, I'm going to turn you into a vampire for crying out loud."

Elise looks back at Radia with those words.

"Got it?"

"It's ......."

"When we determine that you are safe, and with his permission, we will release you unharmed. We don't know when that will be, but it won't be forever."

The words seemed to ignite a small spark of hope in Radia's heart.

The vampire in front of him wasn't the evil vampire he'd imagined, at least.

They may be evil in being, but they are not evil in disposition.

Radia Schmidt is finally convinced in the face of Elise's kind, sad smile at her.

That's why Radia Schmidt is hopeful.

Hope.

Not realizing that it's always a recipe for greater despair.

-Jerbuck

Then, Eleris stopped walking at the sound of distant footsteps.

"There must have been a sailor....... there."

Someone, other than a ghost, is in EpiAxis.

Eleris stops in the hallway of the castle and sees someone walking in the darkness of the hallway. Eleris looks toward Radia and brings her index finger to her lips.

"Don't say anything. Don't even look at me."

At the words, which sounded like a warning somehow, Radia nodded and bowed her head, her expression stern.

Someone approaching from the hallway soon emerged from the darkness.

Gray hair, black eyes. An elderly gentleman dressed in a black suit and carrying an old-fashioned, patinaed wooden cane.

"It's been a while, Elise."

"......It's been a while, Antirrhinus."

To Chuck, the old man in front of him looked much older, but to Radia Schmidt, the respectful deference he showed to Elise, who could only be a young woman, was foreign.

"I heard there was a meeting going on, so I came in a little early to hang out, but....... You've brought something out of the ordinary."

The man called Antrianus looks at Radia Schmidt, who is trembling with her mouth closed behind Elise.

"And now you're going to bring something even worse?"

"Don't describe it as grotesque. He's my lord."

The words brought a smile to the old man's lips, who was called Antirrhinus.

"Lord....... Lord......."

"......."

Eleris's expression hardened at the disbelief.

"Does the young devil know who you are?"

"You don't know, and you never will."

"Oh no, then everyone on the council will have to keep their mouths shut."

Radia Schmidt didn't know what was being said.

"They will soon begin to gather one by one. When we are all here, this meeting called by the Lord of Tuesday will begin."

With a questioning smile, the old man called Antirianus slowly walked away from them. Eleris looked at Radia.

"Radia."

"......."

"You can talk, now."

"Oh, yeah......."

As if she'd been told to be quiet and knew she'd get in trouble if she spoke, Radia only opened her mouth after Eleris' words.

"I don't think anyone is going to harm you, but I don't think you should talk to any beings other than me."

Elise looks at Radia and says.

"Remember. You're the only human here."

Eleris cautioned firmly.



* * *



Southwest of Cernstadt, Second Empire, Alteration Zone near the border.

A place where most people don't even know such a town exists.

Rizaira, a mountain village.

Home of Lagan Artorius and Ellen.

After a long absence, Ellen returned to her home village of Rizaira. The villagers are happy to see her, and she's comfortable with her hair tied up in a loose bun, just like she used to.

I talked to friends from back home who I hadn't seen in a long time and told them about the ecliptic.

Everything that didn't excite Ellen was amazing to Rizaira's children. Like the magic train, for example.

The village celebrated Ellen's return from vacation with a feast. There was a feast of meat and bread.

After the feast, which was very large for a mountain village, Ellen went for a night walk with her parents for the first time in a long time.

On a ridge north of Rizaira where night had fallen, Ellen sat in the center of her mother and father.

Ellen talked about this and that.

Stories about her time at the Temple, and the many new friends she made.

The parents were very happy that Ellen was doing well, pure and simple.

Such.

Ellen's heart was growing heavier and heavier as she recounted all the things that were nothing, but could not be nothing after all.

I started with the lighter stories, but when you take those away, you end up with the heavier ones.

I don't want to talk about it, but I have to.

Ellen is back in her hometown for vacation.

She came back to rest, but Ellen had something to tell her parents.

What to say.

The full moon shone brightly in the winter night sky.

After sitting still for a while, Ellen spoke up.

"I think the demon is not dead, or a new one has appeared."

"......."

"......."

At that, both of Ellen's parents' faces hardened. For just as Ellen had lost her brother to the Demon, they had lost their son to the Demon.

The name Demon was never one I was comfortable with.

"I met His Majesty the Emperor the other day."

Ellen's parents listened to the story in silence.

"Do you think you can fight the devil....... I heard something like that."

Ellen's mother gently took her hand. Her father put his arm around her shoulders.

"Me, I still don't understand you."

"Still, if it's the Devil who wants the things I love to disappear, if it's the Devil who wants that."

"I'm going to fight the devil, that's what I said."

Ellen looks at her parents.

"I'm sorry."

They had lost their son in a battle with a demon, and now they might have to lose their daughter in the next battle with a demon. Ellen didn't want to cause her parents such grief.

But Ellen knows.

If only Ragan Artorius could stand up to the Demon, only he could stand up to the next Demon.

You're not alone there.

Ellen can make that decision because she has people to fight with.

If the world is going to force him to defeat the devil, he might as well accept his fate. In front of a daughter apologizing to her parents.

In front of her daughter, who decided to fight for her life at such a young age.

Ellen's mother and father stare at each other for a moment.

"Ellen, may I speak with your mom and dad privately for a moment?"

"Yes."

"Hold on a second."

As if they had something to talk about, Ellen's mother and father left her sitting still and headed off somewhere.

Ellen stood still and looked up at the sky.

When her brother was outside doing this or that, Ellen didn't know what her mother and father said about him.

Other times, he would return briefly in the middle of the night, quietly stroke Ellen's hair as she slept on the bed, and then leave.

He always shared the important things with his mother and father, and he wasn't always there.

Ellen doesn't know what her parents thought about her brother's decisions and behavior.

However, I do remember getting a slap on the wrist from my dad, who was always very kind to me, when I made a bad comment about my last brother's appearance.

It was a rainy day.

Mommy and Daddy would have been sadder.

Ellen still hated herself for it.

Now, years later, the parents see their daughter making the same choices as their son.

She didn't know what that would feel like.

Will my parents object.

I lost my son to that, and I don't want to send my daughter into that kind of danger.

So what should we do?

If you don't fight, Reinhardt will have to fight alone. Of course, Reinhardt won't be alone, but if you're left out of the equation when there should be at least one more person with the Holy Grail.

If the world wants a second warrior, and there's no Ellen.

Reinhard will be forced to become a second warrior.

Keeping Reinhardt out of a fight with an unidentified powerful entity makes him even more dangerous in an already dangerous fight.

Therefore, Ellen didn't have the option of avoiding the fight.

After a while, my parents returned.

The mother takes Ellen's hand.

"My daughter."

Ellen meets her mom's sad eyes.

"Can I change my mind?"

"......."

Naturally, you would be against it. I've already lost my son, and the thought of doing the same to my daughter would be devastating.

Ellen looks down at the snow.

"......Sorry Mom. Dad."

You have no choice but to fight.

If I were alone, I wouldn't know.

If he doesn't jump in, Reinhardt will be left standing alone before the devil.

This made Ellen feel even more guilty in the face of her parents' sad request. Neither mother nor father spoke for a while.

It didn't take much convincing or begging.

If she's talking like this, you know she's going to be stubborn.

Parents know their children best.

"Well, can I go somewhere with Mom and Dad for a minute?"

"Where?"

"You'll know when you get there."

The mother takes Ellen's hand and helps her up, leading the way.

Both Ellen's mother and father were accustomed to walking in the mountains, so even in the middle of the night, they never got lost.

Ellen's family arrived in a valley near Rizaira.

It's a familiar spot for Ellen. It's where she always went to play in the water as a child.

She slowly approached the valley's fairly large frozen waterfall and stroked its still, frozen walls.

"......?"

Ellen couldn't help but be baffled by the scene before her.

Suddenly, the center of the frozen waterfall cracked open, as if space itself had warped.

The ice hasn't broken, it's just pushed through the space itself, creating a gap.

"This, this....... What is this?"

Ellen was bewildered by the sight and couldn't find the words to speak. But her mother and father nonchalantly took her hand and led her into the center of the falls.

This is Ellen, who has lived here her whole life.

But this was the first time I'd ever seen a space like this behind a waterfall I'd often visited.

I've also seen a few times where the back of the waterfall is blocked in the first place.

But behind it was a cave.

"Ellen, follow me for now."

Mother led the way, while Father manipulated something beside her. An eerie glow began to fill the cave.

In the pale blue light, Ellen walked slowly into the cave, following her parents' lead, not understanding the situation.

"Your brother was never meant to be an adventurer in the first place."

"What....... is that?"

"Originally, we were going out of town to find 'some stuff' because Ragan was good at it, and that's what the town meeting decided."

Ellen didn't know any of that.

I thought Lagan Artorius was just being adventurous and shooting around, but that's not what he was doing at all.

What kind of place is Lizaira.

Ellen realized she had no idea where she had lived her entire life.

"So you see a lot of people, you go through a lot of things, you make a lot of friends, and in the end, you realize that the things of the world are more important than the things of the village....... kind of thing."

"That's....... What is that? My town is....... What is that?"

"Later."

The mother grabs Ellen's hand.

"I'll tell you later, my dear."

It was my mother's words.

"One of the things Ragan set out to find, Ellen, is the ramen you have."

My father's words.

The cave soon began to take on the structure of a building.

In a hallway with manicured walls, the pale light revealed countless passageways and corridors to Ellen's eyes.

Ellen couldn't see what was there. As if they had been told exactly where to go, in a cave inside the waterfall, Ellen's parents headed for a certain place.

-pot!

The cavity lit up, and Ellen could see something in the center of the otherwise empty cavity.

There, his cloak glowed like a blazing flame.

"This....... This is......."

Ellen's eyes widened to tears when she saw it.

"This, along with your ramen, is one of the two things Lagan went to find."

Cloak of the Sun God.

Shalam's Relic.

Lapelt.

There it was in front of Ellen's eyes.

Mother, holding the Sun God's cloak, slowly approached and carefully draped it over Ellen's shoulders.

"May the favor of the moon and the sun be with you."

With that, she kissed Ellen lightly on the forehead.





