Episode 336.





Why should I die for you.

Olivia pushed her way through the mourners, who had frozen at her words, and out of sight.

"Disgusting."

Olivia said with a stern look on her face.

"Being human, it's so disgusting."

With her last shreds of humanity gone, Olivia covered her mouth and muttered, "I'm sorry.

After being confronted with humanity's ugly nature so many times, Olivia seemed to have lost what little compassion she had left for the human race.

"Don't be so hard on them, they don't know what they're doing."

"......."

Olivia clicks her tongue.

"Yes, you did. It would have been different."

Olivia looks at me.

"I would have said she must be a dirty, filthy bitch to be saved by demons, and that she should be burned at the stake."

Olivia's eyes changed.

In Olivia's eyes, which always looked a little sad, I could see an abyss. It was similar to the look in Radia Schmidt's eyes.

The malice and disgust of humans eventually broke Olivia.

I couldn't argue with Olivia's statement.

I couldn't argue with Olivia's statement that humans are disgusting when they don't know and disgusting when they do know.

"Demons? Yeah, I don't know why they saved me. But if he's really trying to recreate the demon world and kill everyone."

Olivia squeezes my hand.

"I fight to protect the people I love, a few of them. I would never fight for those things."

Olivia pulled me into a hug.

Like Ellen did.

Olivia decided to fight, too.

However, the underlying reason for this was a very different attitude from Olivia's.

And so, it was bound to be different.



* * *



Olivia was an outgoing person to say the least. She was sweet and kind to many people, but she was also very determined.

But even they break when pushed to their limits.

He was getting tired of gently rejecting and pushing away the many people who clung to him.

Recent events have pushed Olivia to a psychological breaking point.

Olivia felt betrayed when she realized that the orphanage she had been supporting was embezzling funds and starving children.

And at the end, I faced people who used tears as a weapon to force me to be a scapegoat.

Realizing that there is absolutely no reason to live a life for such people, Olivia is transformed.

If she had to fight a demon, she would, but it wouldn't be for humans, Olivia said.

If I felt that way, I'd probably join forces with the next devil for the destruction of mankind, and if I knew it was me, I'd come around.

But I didn't want to take advantage of Olivia's brokenness. I didn't want to give her some weird mission to accomplish, to someone who would be a pity to leave alone.

After all, it's not like I want the world to end.

Of course, Olivia's behavior wasn't all that different from her usual self.

-off. Don't be annoying.

-Neh, neh? Uh, sister, what are you doing......?

-What do you mean, I've told you several times I'm not going, and you don't get it? Are you an idiot?

-Gram....... nothing....... what....... Uh, sister......?

-If you're an idiot, why do you keep making me say the same thing dozens of times. Hey, look me in the eye. Look me in the eye.

-Uh, you're scaring me. Go, why are you suddenly.......

Since then, I've seen Olivia fire off a few harsh words at someone.

Radia Schmidt wasn't the only one calling for a return to religion.

Perhaps it was the fact that Olivia had been responding to such demands with an embarrassed refusal up until this point, that made her respond to such words and demands with more than just a cut and dry refusal.

I think that's a good thing.

-Ah, Reinhardt, would you like to have lunch?

But when I see him bullying a junior like that, and then smiling broadly at me.

You know, the one that comes running out of nowhere, smiling and throwing his arms around you.......

What to say.

Because my sister seems to have become an even crazier bitch than before.......

Some....... I'm afraid.



* * *



My sister is different.

Still, on the surface, the changes seemed positive.

It's because Olivia is such a nice person that people who try to push themselves on her, even when they don't feel like it, keep sticking around and won't let go.

In a good way, it makes you look human.

When Olivia stormed out, no one seemed to dare to speak to her, even if they were afraid to.

Olivia doesn't use force against anyone. If you try to do something with force, you're going to get your ass kicked.

So I thought it would be in Olivia's best interest to come out strong.

One day during one of those vacations.

"Are you ready?"

"Yeah."

I met Elise in the forest south of where the Rotary Club headquarters are located.

"I'm going to explain the council to him now, and I want you to remember it well."

Meeting with the Vampire Council.

To that end, she began to give me a list of things to watch out for.

The outcome of today's meeting will make a big difference in the future.

So, there was no room for error.



* * *



-Flash!

Teleporting back to Castle Epiax, the winds were blowing harder than before.

The castle, in the midst of a bitter blizzard, seemed even more eerie than before, perhaps because of the beings within.

"And Radia?"

"I told them not to leave the room while the meeting was happening."

"Good."

Sickness.

He doesn't really care for her, but now that she's with him, he does. He's scared out of his mind, and now that he's here, he can't afford to make a fool of himself.

-Snarl

I use Sarkhegar's ring to return to my Valerie form.

The second thing you do in the name of Valier, not Reinhardt.

Attending the Vampire Council.

A meeting of the heads of the five Lord Vampire families.

The last time I was in a Temple group mission, we were meeting in a mafia game, and it was both terrifying and hilarious to think that the same place was now home to the Lord Vampires, a group of people who could turn an entire continent on its head if they showed up.

I opened the door to the conference room and walked in to find four people already seated at a round table.

They weren't part of the demonic realm, so they didn't exactly bow to me.

Some looked intrigued, some looked disinterested, some looked condescending, and some couldn't guess the intent.

"Nice to meet you, I'm Bali."

I'm old, and I'm not part of the demonic world.

So I decided to call them by their honorifics, if not as politely as possible.

And a chuckle echoed through the chilly conference room that made me afraid to take a seat.

"The master of the non-existent is here."

Something that doesn't exist.

He was referring to Darkland, which was long gone. I didn't bother to respond to the taunt.

The vampire who laughed at me.

She was a pale stranger with luscious red lips.

Beauty aside, there was something distinctive about her.

I wasn't too surprised, as I had already heard it from Elise.

"Nice to meet you, my name is Lerouen, Gazoo, Thursday of the Seven Nights."

Waiting ears.

There's only one thing it says.

She's an elf.

A long-extinct elf was alive, labeled a vampire.

The idea that road vampires are ancient beings was realized just by speaking to the first road vampire.

An elf is an elf.

Even more surprising was what was next to him.

"Good to see you, little devil."

A gravelly voice came from the man sitting next to her.

"Gazoo, Galash, the Friday of the seven nights."

Huge, with skin as hard as a rock.

Red eyes and tusk-like teeth protruding above the lower lip.

Galarsh the Orc Vampire.

It was a weird feeling to hear, but it was also very intimidating.

The Lord Vampires are supposed to be brilliant wizards, but you look like you should be wielding a stone axe, not a vampire.

Then there was the vampire, looking at me curiously.

"Hello Archdemon! I'm Gazoo Lucinil of Wednesday, and I'll take care of you! I'm the older one, so I'll be easier to talk to. Okay?"

"......Yes, whatever."

A vampire with somehow high tension.

She looks and acts like a little girl.

'They're all unique in their own way, but they're not ferocious. They've been around for a while.......... They're all pretty mild-mannered, as far as demand goes....... I think it's safe to say they're harmless.'

She has the appearance of a young girl vampire, but.......

They're not human in the first place.

Obviously.

I heard it was a homunculus.

It was unthinkable that a homunculus could become a vampire. I'm not sure who made that homunculus, and I'm not sure how it became a vampire.

Lucinil is perhaps the most unusual of the Lord Vampires here. Lucinil was looking at me curiously.

And finally.

"It is an honor to meet a great man."

An elderly gentleman removes his bowler hat and bows deeply to me.

"I am Antirrhinus, the Gazoo of the Saturday of the Seven Nights."

He stared at me with a smile whose intentions were unclear.

He was human, I was told.

Aside from Eleris, Antirrhynchus is the most normal-looking person in the room, or rather, the least normal.

In fact, Eleris warned me to be wary of Antirrhinus. His intentions were unknown.

Tuesday's Elise.

Lucinyl in demand.

Thursday's Lerouen.

Friday's Galash.

And Antirrhinus on Saturday.

Five of the seven nights would be the current power of the Vampire Council.

"Okay, let's go ahead and run the meeting with the Archdemon in attendance."

Antirrhinus declared the last day open.





