Episode 337.





The heads of all five vampire families look at me.

"There's no getting around it, we need your help."

They were probably right.

Because that's all the last heir to a fallen state has to say to a fringe faction.

Lerouen opens his mouth to speak.

"I'm sure the Heir to the Demon Realm is aware that we did not participate in the Great Demon War?"

"I know."

The corner of Lerouen's mouth twitches.

"The Vampire Council did not join the Demon War when the former Archdemon, Demon King Valier, the most powerful being in the world, was alive. Why would we, who did not cooperate even when the Demon World was strong, join hands now that it has fallen?"

You know I didn't help you when your house was still standing, and now that it's fallen, I have no reason to help you.

That was the sound. Lerouen looked at the prince of a world that didn't exist with a sneer.

Galarsh stares at me, too.

"The Vampire Council owes the Darklands nothing in the first place. Our existence and yours were never necessary or beneficial to each other. Even the uncanny power of the Archdemon could not dominate us, and so the demons of old have left us alone, and we have stayed out of the affairs of the Darklands. It was a longstanding unwritten rule, though not codified. Until the lords of Huayo swore allegiance to the Darklands."

Galarsh wasn't laughing at me like Lerouen, but he saw no reason to cooperate.

The next person to speak was Lucinil, the little vampire, if not a child.

"Archdemon, what do you intend to do with rebuilding the Demon Realm anyway?"

Rusinil asks a more innocent question, one that gets to the heart of the matter.

"You're going to kill all the humans? You can't do that. They say it doesn't have to be human blood, but there's nothing like human blood. I don't want to die in tasteless blood."

"I don't intend to kill all humans, and I don't think it's possible."

"Really? So you're saying you kill half of them?"

Why are you so obsessed with killing this and that?

"I could spend the rest of my life just trying to get Darklands back to some semblance of strength, and even if I wanted to, it would be difficult."

"Hmm, I guess so. I mean, it's not like they're going to be able to get away with it....... Even if Archdemons outlive mere mortals, they'll never be as good as that last Darkland....... Hmmm......."

Lucinil says this, and then starts to scratch his head as if he's thinking about something. Finally, Antrianus of Toyo looks at me and smiles gently.

"Isn't it absurd, Great One, that you don't dream of war, yet you need power?"

"Without the power to protect ourselves, rebuilding wouldn't even be possible."

"Demon wars were started to defend themselves, not to destroy each other, although humans did start the invasions."

The idea of self-defense is really just an excuse.

"If the humans see the reunited Darklands, they will crush them, and we will have to bleed to protect the still-fragile forces of the Darklands. How and why we must do so is a matter of....... I'm not sure I understand."

Lerouen nodded his head in agreement, which was echoed by Galarsh.

Rusinil didn't seem to be listening to the back-and-forth conversation about what she was thinking.

"No matter how you slice it, we have nothing to gain by cooperating with the Archdemon, and even if we did want something, there's no way he could give it to us."

Lerouen has a point. I don't like the sneer, but I can't help it.

There is no reason for the Vampire Council to cooperate with me, and they have nothing to gain from me. If I have an alliance with them and they need help, I don't see why they shouldn't.

I have nothing to give, and they have nothing to gain.

"That's a different story. Can I try that?"

At my words, Antirrhinus smiled gently and nodded.

"There's time left for immortals, so let's do it."

"It seems that the Great Demon War is over, and the Five Great Houses are now seeking independence."

Lerouen and the others were dumbfounded.

"What was that supposed to do?"

"Humans banded together for the Great Demon War, but once it was over, various factions and interests didn't disband and started to have other ideas, most notably the Crusader Knights, who wanted to create an independent state of the Five Great Houses."

Formation of the independent state of the Five Great Houses.

Lerouen and Galarsh's faces hardened at the words. Divine power is an antithesis to vampires, and the mention of a religious nation seemed to make them nervous.

"Of course, the last time I was here, I killed a man named Leviathan Lance, the former head of the Crusader Knights and a key member of the faction seeking independence, along with Eleris here."

There was a threat, but it's gone.

Lerouen shakes his head at my comment.

"I've already eliminated the threat of the council, so if you want to show your appreciation, you can cooperate....... Is that what you're saying?"

I shake my head, wondering if Lerouen meant to imply that I owed him a favor for taking care of an enemy you'll have to fear in the future.

"That's not true at all, if I said that, you'd just wipe your mouth and say what the hell?"

"Yeah, right?"

Lerouen watched me with a narrowed brow.

"But that's what Leviathan Lance said before he died, that he was willing to work with me. That if he wanted the Empire to be weak, he should have left himself alone."

"I see, that's what I've been wondering, too. You would have benefited greatly from letting the anti-Imperial forces go."

It's all in the details.

Just like seeking the cooperation of the Vampire Council under the guise of rebuilding the Demon Realm when you're not interested in rebuilding the Demon Realm, you'll end up with a whole bunch of stuff.

The reason for killing Reverie Rancher is all about tacking on.

"If I leave it alone, the independent state of the Five Great Houses will belong to Leviathan, so why would I let that happen?"

"......?"

"That's what I'm supposed to eat, right?"

I said, and this time they all looked confused.

Except for Eleris.

Eleris's mouth dropped open in shock. She realized what I was talking about.

"......Eating the power of the Five Great Houses. What does that mean?"

When asked how the devil could come up with such an outlandish idea and if I thought it would work, I put my hand on the table.

-Snarl

"I am, the champion of Tuan."

The vampires' pale complexions turned white as they realized they were holding something in their hands.

"Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh!"

-Bam!

Lucinil leapt in place, and then fell backwards into the water.



* * *



Tiamata is like the undead's equivalent of a seizure button.

Elise freaked out when she first saw it, and she still can't look at it properly.

Lucinil grew aggravated, Lerouen drew back in horror, and Galarsh frowned grimly.

"Ho, ho, champion of Tuan."

Only Antirrhinus was looking at the Tiamata in my hand with a rather curious expression.

It's not going to happen, but for the sake of road vampires who might have a heart attack, I've back-summoned Tiamata.

"I didn't mean to threaten you, but you know what I mean."

The undead had had enough of seeing the last thing they wanted to see.

"You thought your heart was going to fall out of your chest, asshole!"

Rusinil was furious, pacing in place and screaming at the top of her lungs.

"I'm sorry, but if you don't show it, you can't prove it, right?"

"If there's such a thing, you should at least give me a heads up that there's such a thing! Tiamatarani, ugh, that's so offensive!"

He even holds out his arm to Lerouen to show her, saying he feels like he has chicken pox all over his body.

"Tsk, tsk, that's not possible, Lucinil."

At that, Lerouen clicked his tongue briefly and patted Lucinil on the head.

"It's sprouting, it's sprouting, it's sprouting!"

Anyway.

With the exception of Antirrhinus, it was clear that Tiamata's arrival had caught everyone off guard. Even Elysse's heart sank.

"It's a particularly dangerous object for an undead like us, but I can see what you're saying. Are you saying that with your status as Champion of Tuan, you will be able to become the master of the Great Lord's forces?"

"I don't think it's impossible."

Leverier Ranze wanted Olivia at his side, but he didn't think it was impossible to unite the forces of the Five Lords in Reinhardt's name and become their master.

"Okay, Great One, so why did you seek a council when you could have just as easily maneuvered them behind the scenes, actually become their master, or forged a united front with them?"

Now we get down to business.

I cross my arms and stare them in the face.

"Because if I were a representative of the Five Great Lords or something like that, I'd wipe you all out for not cooperating."

This time, Antirrhinus's expression hardened.

"It's a nice picture, isn't it?"

"The Champion of Tuan, the God of Purity, creates a force uniting the Five Great Houses in a new name to exterminate the vampire faction, and becomes its leader."

"The purpose is the extermination of the undead. The first targets are the Lord Vampire families."

"If a large group of Crusader Templars came to crush your faction, one by one, do you think you could handle that?"

This is not a threat as a demon, but as a champion of Tuan.

"You're threatening me, little devil."

Galarsh looks at me with fury in his eyes.

"You're right, I have nothing to offer you, so you're a hundred times right that we shouldn't be doing business in the first place."

"I can't give you anything, but I need your help, so what can I do?"

"It's blackmail."

"I'm sorry. Do you think I want to do this to the elderly? All the beams in the house have been ripped out and blown away, but I have to do what I can."

-Snarl

Once again summoning Tiamata, I placed it on the table.

"I need your help, or I'm going to kill you all."

The smile finally faded from Lerouen's face as he sneered at me.

"Wow, what a ridiculously cool asshole."

Rusinil chuckled in disbelief.





