Episode 338.





The already chilly atmosphere was made even colder by the bombshell that if you don't cooperate, I'm going to be attached to the Five Great Houses, and I'm going to start hunting Lord Vampires with a vengeance.

Lucinil stares at me, arms crossed in disbelief.

"You think you're going to get out of here alive if you talk like that? You don't value your life? You think even if you had a Tiamata, we wouldn't be able to rip your head off with our eyes closed?"

"I'm sure she'll figure it out, because she's always done it no matter what."

"Me, degradation!"

The one who was most surprised by my comment was Elise herself.

I don't think I was expecting it to go this way at all.

"......Now, aren't you trying to eat life too raw?"

"Don't you think you should try? You're free to try to kill me, but if I somehow escape, you'd better be prepared for what happens next."

The words are fierce, but I have no real intention of fighting, so I summon Tiamata back.

I know enough to know that stroking their egos is not a good idea.

But in the end, I didn't have much more than blackmail to play.

There's nothing to give and no reason for them to cooperate.

If I can get them to help me by swallowing my pride and getting down on the floor and begging, I'll do it.

But that's not going to get you cooperation.

So the best I can do is this.

"Well, technically, the Five Great Patriarchs are more powerful and bigger, so it's to my advantage to join them, but I came to the council first because I thought it would be polite to come here first, since we're closer neighbors, and if I wear the mask of Tuan's Champion and become the Five Great Patriarchs' mascot, I'll inevitably be forced to make a relationship with them."

I think it's a bit of a cop-out to say that we're here first because we have bigger clients, but we're here because we care.

Galarsch didn't hide his displeasure, and neither did Lerouen.

They already seemed to resent me for making such an outlandish statement. Lucinil was the same way.

"Let's work together."

But.

Out of the blue, Antony has expressed a willingness to cooperate.

Everyone panicked.

"......? Yes? What?"

However, I was the one who panicked the most.

No.

Why?

"Why are you surprised? You said you wanted cooperation, and I will cooperate, Great One."

Antirrhinus is looking at me with a questioning smile. Lucinil glances nervously at the old gentleman.

"Antirrhinus, what else are you up to?"

"Just, isn't it interesting that one of the holy relics of the Five Lords, even that Tiamata, has fallen into the hands of an Archdemon?"

The old gentleman looks at me and smiles.

"I mean, can't you sense the malice of the gods?"

For the first time in history, a demon became the master of Tiamata. Even an Archdemon.

"Even if you lose everything for nothing, even if you achieve everything you dream of, how can you not go along for the ride when there's nothing but fun to be had?"

There was a dark malice in Antirrhinus's eyes.

Other people's misery, happiness, sadness, and joy.

Such wickedness, that by watching it, they would appease the free gift of eternal life.

"Are you insane? Antirrhinus."

At Galarsch's words, Antirrhinus only smirked.

I could see why Elise had warned me to be wary of Antrianus. He was the only Lord Vampire who'd ever told me he'd cooperate with me, and it made my skin crawl.

I'm glad to hear they're working together, but I didn't expect it to be in such a bizarre context.

"If someone who has lived this long is sane, that's more of a problem."

Antirrhinus' statement that he had lived long enough to be insane, and that every decision he made was the same as that of a madman, was surprisingly persuasive.

"Well, I, Antirianus, head of the Toyo clan and household, will cooperate with the Demon King, and I'm sure there's more fun to be had than a Demon War, so if you mess with the Demon King, I'll consider you messing with me."

"I really don't know what she's thinking, do you, Lerouen?"

"......is it a day or two?"

Apparently this was not the first time Antirrhinus had done this. Antirrhinus decided to cooperate, and slammed his index finger on the table.

"Anyway, as immortals, we have a lot of time, and we don't have to decide everything in one sitting, so why don't we take a few days to talk about it?"

Antirrhinus stares at me and says, "Yes.

I could see the intention was to take a break, clear my head, and have a conversation.

That's a good thing for me.

There's nothing scarier than a favor for no reason.

I feel like he's breathing down my neck all the more because I'm being showered with favors for no reason.

I felt this weird pressure.

"You, you sneaky little Archdemon, need to talk to me."

Lucinil wagged a finger at me as if to say, "That's good. Eleris looked at me and nodded in approval.

I feel like the nicest kid in the room just turned into the one who hates me the most.



* * *



Antony's intervention brought the council to a halt, and whatever his intentions, it's clear that his decision to cooperate had a ripple effect that changed the mood.

Leaving the conference room, Rusinil motioned for me to follow him and led the way without a word.

A homunculus vampire with silver hair and red eyes.

Gazoo of demand.

Eleris had said that Lucinyl would be the most harmless of the three, but it was clear that she was the most upsetting once it was revealed.

"Where did you learn to be so mean, did the devil teach you that?"

I ate a padlip or something like that, but I didn't actually think anything of the Ancestral Demon King, so I wasn't upset.

"It's in my nature."

Lucinil led the way, then turned to look back at me from the window, where I could see the blizzard raging outside.

"You're not doing yourself any favors by doing that."

Lucinil stares at me, still, and says nothing.

"I don't care if it's Antrianus or me who decided to cooperate with you, Lerouen or Galarsch must be really upset."

"I'm sure you did, but so what, it's all I can do."

"It's the rebuilding of the Demon Realm, it's Nabal, and I might die before then."

It's a ridiculous ending, with the Lord Vampire himself being killed while threatening the Lord Vampire's family, but Lucinil's cautionary tone, rather than anger, convinces me that Eleris wasn't so far off after all.

"I was intrigued by the idea of you being Valerie's successor, but I'll always remember you as a very arrogant, clueless, and overconfident weirdo on a subject that you have no clue about."

Being a flawed personality, Lucinil seemed to have developed a very negative perception of me.

"By the way, I want you to know that the reason I chose to work with you after such a bad first impression is not because you're pretty, but because I personally owe Elise a favor."

But apart from that, Rusinil seemed to have decided to work with me.

A debt to Elise.

I didn't bother to ask what it was. I didn't expect her to answer. Lucinil bit her lip in annoyance and glared at me.

"Chet, Eleris must have known I was going to do this."

I don't know what she owes me. But I do know that Elise let me into the Vampire Council because she knew that Lucinil's debt to me would make me reluctant to cooperate. I think that's what she meant when she said it would be harmless.

Gazoo on Wednesday and Saturday.

Both promised to cooperate with me for their own reasons. Lucinil crosses her arms and shakes her head.

"Anyway, you've got the cooperation of three out of five families now, so why don't you go home and stop making a big deal out of this?"

Apparently, they decided that my continued presence at the council would do nothing but get on Lerouen and Galarsh's nerves.

"If we're going to do this, shouldn't we try to convince them?"

"I had a feeling he would. What a shameless bastard."

Lucinil clicked her tongue, kicked it, and sighed.

"Follow me."

Rusinil pulled me back, as if to say this wasn't the place to talk about it.

Leaving the palace building, Lucinil walked through the snow, her feet sinking in.

-Whoooooooo

Needless to say, my feet got stuck in the snow when I tried to walk through the snow on a tiny subject.

"Erai."

-Bam!

Lucinil stretched out her hand once, and a shockwave exploded, blasting the snow in all directions.

"The council must have built it in the wrong place. Why did they build a palace in this place where it snows all year round, I don't understand?"

"......The Lord of Demand wasn't around when this palace was built, was he?"

"This place was built so long ago that there was a Sunday and a Monday, and I'm not even sure when that was. They've done a lot of renovations, of course. It must have been really crude in the beginning."

Rusinil grumbles that he has nothing to do with the council's positioning. He leads the way through the blizzard, and I follow.

"I don't know if this is the right way to put it, but I'd like to know your career order. Can you give me that?"

"Experience? Oh, you mean age?"

"Yes."

Rusinil holds up a finger as if it's no secret.

"As you can see, Lerouen is first. Then Galarsh, then Elyse, then me, and finally Antrianus."

Lucinil and I left the main palace and arrived at a space that we could call the Outer Palace.

"Ugh, this place is haunted by ghosts. What's wrong with this place?"

-Uhhhhhh.......

Lucinil clapped her hands together, as if frantic with the ghostly cries coming from all directions, and the ghosts scattered and vanished into thin air.

A vampire saying it's a bad place to live is a bit of a stretch.

"It's not a one-day thing, and even if you kick it out, it keeps coming back."

A parlor-like room in a star palace. Lucinil sat on a worn couch, and I sat across from him.

"I don't know what Antirrhinus is up to, but whatever it is, he wants to convince Lerouen and Galarsch, right?"

"If you can."

"We've all lived so long that we can't fathom a little deviation, can we, little Archdemon?"

"Right?"

"How did we all end up as vampires?"

You can't be born a vampire.

All of them have states before they became vampires. Lerouen would have been an elf, Galarsh would have been an orc, and Lucien would have been a homunculus.

"That's all different, isn't it?"

"They can't all be the same."

Leaning her chin on the armrest of the couch, Lucinille stares at me.

"Because I don't want to die."

The five great road vampires.

The only reason they became vampires is because they didn't want to die.

I wasn't expecting there to be a big reason, but it felt a little odd that they ended up converging on that reason.

"Antirrhinus said he became a vampire because he couldn't decide whether to be a lich or a vampire. He said he thought it would be more uncomfortable to be a skeleton than to never see the sun, but now that he's a road vampire, if he wants to see the sun, he can, albeit painfully, so he's pretty lucky. Anyway, I became a vampire because I didn't want to die."

No.

That's kind of creepy in its own way, but yeah.

"I was a homunculus. A homunculus is an unstable magical creature. I was exceptionally stable, but I didn't have a concrete lifespan, and I knew that death would come at some point, and I was terrified of facing it, so I tried everything I could think of to keep from dying, and the last thing I did was vampirize, because I didn't want to die, either."

Lucinil looks at me.

He started to say something, then shut up.

"Anyway, everyone has their own specific reasons, but at the end of the day, I became a vampire because I didn't want to die."

The circumstances of Lerouen, Galarsh, and Eleris are not explained, but Lucinil suggests that their escape from death was vampirization.

"So in a way, your threat is the one that works best for us, because the thing we fear most is death."

The only way to get through to the immortals, who have had almost everything they've ever wanted in their long lives, is to threaten them with death, for they fear death.

"But that's only to a certain extent, after all. We've been around for a very, very long time, and it's not like we've been the only family for generations, and the family has changed hands a few times. How do you think that happened?"

"......I don't know, it's just me."

"There's no way vampires of our size could have been hunted down and killed."

I read something in Lucinil's eyes.

"Is it suicide?"

"Yes."

Boredom.

"Most of the time, that's what happens when five families change heads. Well, there are other times, but that's none of your business."

Powerful vampires hiding in places far from the world can't be killed. They're not powerful, and they don't reveal their existence to the world.

So there's no way for them to be replaced other than by giving up their lives.

"What, does that mean I'm not afraid of death after all?"

You become a vampire because you don't want to lose your life, but if you're a road vampire because you've lived so long that you're bored with life, then you can't get anything out of risking your life, right?

"No, on the contrary."

Lucinil smiles coyly.

"I've lived so long, I'm about to get tired of living......."

There is sadness in the vampire's eyes.

"You still have a reason to live."

So I'm going to come back and say that these people must have a reason to live.

The fact that you haven't given up on life yet is proof enough.

Lucinil was giving me information.





