Episode 339.





A life so long inevitably involves boredom, and so the Lord Vampires, tired of living, turned their backs on the world.

So for the five families still clinging to this life that is sure to be torturous, there must be at least one reason to live, Lucinil said.

So for them, life still matters.

"Of course, it's only a nuisance if you kill us, but if it's really possible, Leruen and Galarsh might be willing to cooperate. After all, your lifetime is only a short time in our eyes, and when you consider that we'll be spared the trouble of helping you in the meantime, and we'll have one less debt to pay to the Darklands, it's not such a bad deal."

The Demon Realm and the Council have had a rocky relationship, but in exchange for helping to rebuild the Demon Realm, the Council is indebted to the Darklands.

They even have a Tiamata, so they can do whatever they want to bother you with. I've even already had three lords promise to cooperate with me.

Lerouen and Galarsch are now in the minority. Lucinil narrows her eyes at me.

"So, since I'm going to cooperate with you, things are going to take care of themselves and work out in your favor, so don't pull any weird shit like you did earlier. Got it?"

"Don't worry, I'm not the kind of guy to do that for nothing."

"No, you're just being a jerk, it's called contemplation."

......How did you know?

Are there any traces of what you've done and said on Valerie's face, and is it okay for a vampire from Homunculus to rhyme?

Anyway, thanks to Elise, it looks like Lucinil is going to be on my side in the first place, and Antrianus is going to be on my side too.

And what do you know.

As for the other road vampires, I honestly don't know yet.......

"How did Eleris end up with this guy as her lord....... Ugh."

Why is he so nice?

It's a bit of a chatterbox, but in the end, he explains things to me and gives me advice, so it's more than harmless, it's endearing.

Rather embarrassed by my overzealous favor or not, Lucinil flopped down on the couch and crossed her arms as if she didn't care anymore.

He told the other road vampires that he had a reason to live.

That's like admitting that Lucinyl has at least one reason to live.

"I don't know if I should ask you this."

"When in doubt, it's polite not to do it, Archdemon."

"What's Lucinyl's raison d'etre?"

"You're doing it again, you're really not that smart."

Lucinil looks at me with a frown.

"Why, if I tell you, will you do something for me?"

"We can at least think about it together, right?"

"Horses are liquid gold. Horses."

Lucinil crosses her arms and stares up at the castle ceiling. Lucinil murmurs to herself, not exactly a secret.

"I want a soul."

I felt my breath catch in my throat at that vague statement.

With those words, I felt an immeasurable sense of woe about my long, long life as a homunculus and my life as a vampire.

I want a soul.

What does that mean.

I don't want to be human, I don't want to be something else, I want to have a soul.

We don't know if only intelligent races have souls, or if some creatures do and others don't.

Just to be clear.

As a created being, a homunculus would have no soul.

Lucinil wants what he lacks. He turns his head toward me and laughs.

"Is it pathetic, that a being of this caliber would even dream of such a thing?"

"......No, not really?"

I'm sure it's a desperate problem. I can't completely empathize, of course.

I want to have a soul.

Rusinil didn't explain why he wanted it.

"It's just something. It's not like it's going to kill me."

The way he said it was condescending. I can only hope for that, he said, as if he had no great aspirations or desires.

But.

Lucinil must have lived an unfathomably long time with that one desire.



* * *



While Valier was talking to Lucinil in the Star Palace, Eleris was talking to Antirrhinus.

"Antirrhinus."

"Yes, Elise."

"What are you up to?"

At that, the old gentleman merely smiled in embarrassment.

"The Devil says you need help, so I offer to help, but you ask me what I'm up to, so I don't know what to tell you. Heh."

"In the meeting during the Demonic War, you said that you didn't intend to cooperate without even thinking about it, but this time you're willing to cooperate, doesn't that make you suspicious?"

Lerouen and Galarsch's reaction was understandable.

That's why it's strange that Antirrhinus didn't think twice about helping.

"That's right......."

The old gentleman still wore his gentle, kindly smile.

"Demon Kingdoms wasn't fun, and this looks like fun."

"......Funny?"

"Yes, fun."

Antirrhinus, who had been smiling the whole time, cautiously opens his eyes.

The vampire's red eyes stare at Eleris.

"If you're going to endure a grueling long day, don't you think you should have a little entertainment once in a while?"

"Entertainment......?"

No matter how much they agreed to cooperate, Antirrhinus was approaching this as a time-killing exercise, and it was Eleris's idea of a backlash.

"You'll have to say....... You'll have to go to....... Antirrhinus."

"Ah, my apologies, Elise. I didn't mean to belittle or disrespect you....... But what's there to be upset about, whether I'm cooperating out of the goodness of my heart or because it's entertainment."

-Taktak

The old gentleman taps the floor of the castle with the tip of his cane and smiles.

"It's true you want to help, isn't it?"

With those words, the old gentleman brushed past her. Eleris stared at the back of Antirrhinus' head.

With the help of a council, it's like having a thousand horses in Bali.

Is it really right to hold the hand of that sinister vampire?

Eleris wasn't so sure about that.



* * *



While the council is in session, there is time for it to be properly concluded. That's why I had to stay in the castle of Epirus for at least a few days.

"Hey, Archdemon."

"...... Why?"

Now that he had my attention, he started following me down the hallway whenever I got up.

"Honestly, don't you appreciate me offering to help?"

"......Thanks, but why is that?"

Lucinil stares at me.

"I'm just curious about the taste of arc-demon blood. Do you mind if I suck a little?"

"What, what are you talking about!"

I almost had a seizure at the suddenness of the words.

Is it okay to say something like, "I'm going to get a glass of water"?

"No, you think I'm going to turn you into a vampire? I'm just going to give you a taste. Just a little. Oh, I'm really curious. Really. Can't you do that too?"

"No! What are you talking about!"

"Oh, just a little bit, really just a little bit, huh? I'm just curious. Who's eating it?"

It's scary.

No, before that, if he tries to turn me into a vampire for real, will it be real?

I'm so scared.

It was then that I realized I was face-to-face with the best of the vampires.

I'm not doing anything wrong here, am I?

He seems like a nice guy, but he's really nice, right? He's not going to suddenly bite me on the head and say, "You're my slave from now on," is he?

Well, by the way.......

He's still a kid, though.

I think it's kind of like, if he bites me, I'll draw a little bit of blood or something.

Suddenly, I was imagining myself being bitten by Galarsh around the nape of the neck.

That is.

It's not fast, it's eaten......?

b.

I wonder if I made a mistake coming here.

"Awww, are you really going to be an Archdemon and do this for me?"

"Don't say things that don't make sense!"

I raced through the castle's corridors, Lucinil pestering me with short-distance spatial travel at will.

"Hey, just give it to me! Give it to me!"

It was clinging to my waist, making strange noises.

Eventually.

I slung the Lucinyl around my waist and went to find Elise.

"Lucinil......."

Eleris looked down at the younger vampire, sickened that Lucinil wanted my blood.

"I really want to know!"

Lucinil insisted on drinking the arc-demon blood.

"Degradation....... If you don't actually vampire, but you put the blood in some kind of container and make them drink it....... I can give him a taste, but....... If the wounds on his body are....... I don't think that's a very good idea."

a.

There was a way to do that. Lucinil looked at me with an "Ohhhh!" when she heard how.

"Oh, that works! Yay! Just like that."

"No, what blood did you leave behind?"

Demand is real in a different way than I'm used to.

We argued for a while, and I was the one who finally gave up.

At this rate, they're going to sink their teeth into my neck in my sleep.

Honestly, I gave up in frustration.

"I don't know why I'm doing this, but I'm doing it because you said you'd help me."

"Yes."

In the end, I stabbed myself in the flesh and bled into the treat Lucinil had brought me. Elise looked at me nervously, as if she was afraid something might happen.

The funny thing is, I've come to realize that I don't mind this level of pain.

"Me, degradation. The wound is...... ugh! Ugh, you, it's too deep!"

I was fine, but she was getting restless.

I gave her a few drops of my blood, and she licked the plate and looked at me.

He looks a bit puzzled.

"Empty."

That was all I could think of to say.

I couldn't figure out why he was upset that my blood was tasteless.

I'm pissed off for nothing.



* * *



The wound on his arm was stitched up by Eleris. Tiamata's divine powers were not normally available to her.

Lucinil muttered something about how Arcdemon blood tasted fishy, and went off somewhere to finish his business.

We were going to be here for a few days, so we had to eat.

And it turns out I wasn't the only one who needed a meal here.

And then there's Radia Schmidt.

I dined with Radia Schmidt on the preserved food Elise had airlifted in. Radia froze when she saw me, but when I told her I was here to eat, she ate without a word.

"What do you have now?"

Radia's room was quite spacious, as if she had picked and chose where she wanted to stay.

There was a crackling fire in the fireplace, a bonfire burning, the room was smoky, and there were things that shouldn't have been there, including a bed, a couch, and a desk.

I was going to be lonely in a remote location, and Elise seemed to want to make sure I had everything I needed.

It's a polar environment.

The size of the room itself and the standard of living would make you believe it's royalty.

In fact, this is a palace.

"Once the council is finalized, you'll be able to move around freely. For now, bear with the inconvenience."

"It's ......."

Radia stared at Eleris and nibbled at a piece of bread.





