Episode 340.





It's a frightening night in High Epirus.

The blizzard never stopped. However, the suspiciously well-paid EpiAxes are not draught-proof.

Of course, that doesn't mean the castle isn't smoky, and it's in Epiax that it gets even colder and chillier at night.

However, the actual owners of the place are unaffected by the cold.

Night of the Ephex.

The elven vampire Leruen and the orc vampire Galarsh sat across from each other in the conference room.

"Lucinil will probably cooperate, right?"

"Yes, because I've been apologizing to Elyse for not being able to join her in the Demon King Battle."

"Hmmm. Well, it's Lucinyl, but......."

Lerouen looked toward the hallway with a narrowed brow.

"I don't know what the hell Antony was thinking."

Lerouen's long ears twitched downward. Vampire councils don't convene often, but they've been around for a very long time.

Though they don't see each other often, they've seen each other for a very long time. Except for Antrianus, who had been in Gazoo for a relatively short time.

That's why Galarsh knew that Leruen's long ears drooped when he was troubled, when he was sullen.

"He's an inscrutable bastard, and it's questionable what his succession actually looked like."

Lerouen's ears perked up at Galarsh's words.

"......That's what you were thinking, too."

"Wasn't that what you were thinking on some level?"

"Well, I've heard of Antony doing some questionable things, but I can't say for sure......."

Galarsh nodded at Lerouen's seemingly reserved response.

"Maybe, but I'm pretty sure."

Galarsh's red eyes stare at Lerouen.

"He must have killed Toyo's squadron leader, Gaju."

"...... Is there a reason for that?"

"If Maximilian had chosen his own death, as Antony had said, and Antony was the next in line, then Maximilian would have created the Stone of Wisdom, but there was no such thing."

"...... did."

Reason to live.

The goal of the former House of Toyo was to create the Sage Stone, an illusory object that is said to be the pinnacle of alchemy. To do so, they became vampires and became the House of Toyo.

After Maximilian's sudden death, Antony appeared, asking to be his successor. Under suspicious circumstances, Gallus was suspicious of Antony from the beginning.

Maximilla would not have chosen her own death, but would have been killed by Antony.

Lerouen shakes his head at Galarsh's words.

"By the way, is it even possible for the clan to kill the patriarch in the first place? That would be impossible."

"Antirrhinus was a sorcerer before he was a vampire."

"...... did."

"Maybe there was a way, a way not to be dominated."

Galarsh mumbles to himself, crossing his muscular arms over his chest.

"Antirrhinus became Lord of Toyo twenty years after becoming a vampire. Now, that's got to be suspicious."

"......It should be."

Twenty years is a long time, but to them it's only a moment. In their eyes, a member of the Toyo named Antrianus has made the province too dangerous to enter.

Antirrhinus is suspected of killing his predecessor and taking over.

It's their business, after all, and they have no reason to interfere. Even if they did, it would be an internal family matter.

But regardless of the facts, we both agree that Antirrhinus' intentions are unknown and dangerous.

That's why she's wary of Antony's willingness to cooperate.

"But this time, cooperate with the devil......."

Galarsh mumbles to himself, a serious look on his face.

The seriousness of an orc's expression is very different from that of a human.

From a human perspective, that looks like trying to decide who to chew to death.

"Who knows, maybe he's planning to kill the Demon King and make himself the new Demon King when the Darklands are restored."

"...... Oh, no, he's not an Archdemon."

Lerouen shakes his head as if to say that's a far-fetched idea. To Lerouen, Galarsh murmurs softly.

"There are plenty of ways to do it."

The words sent chills down Lerouen's spine and his ears perked up. To have an Archdemon would be to have a demon. Whether or not Antrianus had a reason to do so, if he wanted to, there would be a way.

Galarsh crossed his arms and considered, then his eyes narrowed as if he had made a decision.

"I will cooperate. If only to keep an eye on Antrianus."

"......Yes?!"

Lerouen's eyes widened at the sudden decision.

"I can't stand by and watch his shady behavior any longer."

"......I didn't realize Galarsh hated Antony that much."

"Lerouen, I hate you even more. Why do I have to keep explaining things to you when you've forgotten everything?"

Oblivion.

Lerouen laughed at that.

"That's how you stand the test of time."

In 200-year increments, Lerouen erases his memories except for the most necessary ones.

This is why they are the longest-lived of all road vampires and can exist without going insane.

This is why Galarsh is so frustrated when he has to explain things to Lerouen, who sometimes forgets what happened in the past.

It's not like they don't want to talk about it because it was a long time ago. They actively ask about what happened in the past. As if they find it very interesting to hear about things they didn't know they did.

Galarsh is sick of it.

"Do you know why Maximilia wanted to make the Sage Stone?"

"I don't know....... Oh, right. Was that it? Lucinyl?"

"Yeah."

Galarsh says still.

"To give Lucinil a soul."

A wise man's stone that can perform any miracle.

The end of alchemy, the object of every alchemist's dreams, even though everyone knows it doesn't exist. Maximillia, the High Priestess of Toyo, sought it.

That's why Galarsch doesn't believe Antrianus when he tells him that the former lord of Toyo has taken his own life.

If Antirrhinus killed Maximilla.

"Hmmm."

Lerouen's ears perked up, and she smiled coyly.

"Is it because you're worried about Lucinil, after all, and not the devil or the demon world?"

Galarsh frowned at that coy smile, as if it wasn't worth a damn.

"Maximilia and I had what you might call a friendship."

His expression alone was enough to stun a half-dozen Zhang Zhengs, but Lerouen's expression was as if he were teasing a child.

"That's it."

Galarsh nailed it firmly, as if not to be misunderstood. At that, Leruen looked at Galarsh with a look that seemed to sparkle.

"What about me?"

"It's just an annoyance."

"Seo Canal......."

Lerouen's ears drooped sullenly.



* * *



I took Lucinil's advice and, as long as things were going in my favor, I didn't bother to say more bullshit or say anything that would provoke Galarsh and Lerouen.

I'd already gotten the cooperation of two of the Lord Vampires, which is quite an accomplishment. If Galarsh and Leruen ultimately refused to cooperate, I wasn't going to attack them.

"I'll cooperate."

But the next morning, I was surprised when Galarsh said he would cooperate.

What is it?

Did he have a change of heart overnight?

Why?

But it didn't look like the gruff orc vampire had caved in to the death threats, and it didn't look like he'd gained any favors I didn't already have.

I feel the same way as Antirrhinus. Why do I feel cheap for helping?

"After all, work is best done together!"

Lucinil jumped up and down excitedly, clinging to Galarsh's strong arms.

There was something the size of a rat clinging to his arm, like a cicada.

"Don't bother."

-Pak!

"Yuck!"

Of course, with a sweep of Galarsh's arm, Lucinil was sent sprawling to the ground.

"Ouch, that hurts, you freak!"

"You know me, I don't like people clinging to me, and I'm a monster."

Lucinil chirped beside him, but Galarsh was ignoring him, as he often did.

I feel like this.

One of the oldest Lord Vampires in the world is acting like a real child, and the other old vampires, except for Galarsh, are watching it like they're watching their granddaughter, and Galarsh is the only one who finds it repulsive.

This.

I wonder if it's just an old man with too much age.......

It's called the Vampire Council.......

Maybe not so formal.......

I felt like I was watching some kind of bizarre roleplay, and it was starting to get a little distressing.

You have a group of elderly people living alone, and one of them has severe dementia and is just acting like an asshole.

I don't know about Elyse, of course, but I'm pretty sure she's a road vampire with a posse back home, so she's not living alone.

"In any case, I will cooperate fully with you."

"Then....... That naturally leaves one."

At Antony's words, everyone's eyes naturally turned to one last person.

Leruen, an elven vampire.

"......How did I end up in the minority, in one day?"

As I scoffed at the arrival of the King of Nonexistent Things, I had only Elise by my side.

Regardless of the specifics, Lerouen is now a lame duck in the Nakdong River.

"Oh, no....... If I say I'm going to cooperate here, you'll think I'm getting carried away and acting out of character......."

Lerouen narrowed his brow in annoyance, stamped his foot, and sighed heavily.

"Whoa....... Well, Galarsh said yesterday that he'd side with them, and I've been thinking about it, and I've been thinking about it, and I've been thinking......."

Lerouen shrugged.

"I'm here to help, but you should know that I'm not going to swear allegiance to you with my life, and I'm not going to ask you to be a vassal, or anything like that."

Loose cooperation, not loyalty.

But it's enough for the opponent. Antirrhinus smiled wryly at me.

"With this, you hold the power of the five vampire families, great one."

I'm the one who asked for help, and I'm the one who got it.

But somehow, I kept getting the odd feeling that things were working out the way Antony wanted them to.

Still, an achievement is an achievement.

I succeeded in forging an alliance with the five Lord Vampire families of the Vampire Council with my bare mouth.



* * *



I didn't think it would turn out this well. I thought I would have been successful if I could get at least one or two willing to cooperate, but I managed to get all the Lord Vampires to cooperate.

The point is, their cooperation is good, but don't get too optimistic. Don't assume that they'll be completely on your side.

It's not a partnership, it's a collaboration.

Antirrhinus, who calls me a great man, is the most off-putting of them all.

Of course, I didn't just get the power of road vampires.

You've gained the power they have.

Antirrhinus explained to me the clans of each family.

The council is a meeting place, not a place where they live.

Lerouen said the clan's stronghold was in the northwestern part of the continent, in a large coniferous forest called the Linewood.

Galarsh makes his home in the southern part of the continent, in a desert region called Gelkorgis.

Antirrhinus said he was based in a provincial town in a country called Alpinera, one of the empire's tributary provinces.

The three of them had clans, whether close or distant from the human world.

"As I'm sure you're expecting to some extent, I'm alone."

Eleris said that she is the only member of the clan. This is what we've been expecting since Eleris is the head of Hwayo, but hasn't mentioned a clan.

"Me neither."

Lucinil was one of those who didn't have a clan. This was somewhat to be expected, as she was not the type to lead a group.

The mighty Lord Vampires, and their clans.

I felt like I had an army with a few words.

I was shaking in my boots because I knew I was dipping my toe in the water, and I was getting somewhere.

Now, I can really go to war.

The weight of the thought is suffocating. But I couldn't dwell on it. I decided to stop the gate at all costs.

"I sought you out because I needed knowledge, not force, technically."

Everyone stares at me as if to ask what that is.

This could be the key.

If the key is right, I'm free of everything that's been bothering me.

Hopefully this can be the start of it.

"One, if you know how to open a portal to the Otherworld."

I ask the Lord Vampire and powerful sorcerers for the secret that will save me from a terrible fate.

"Second, if you don't know, do you know of any magical orders that might know of such a thing and their whereabouts, such as the Black Ord or Cantus Magna."

Not to mention the look of horror on everyone's face.

"Portal to the Otherworld?"

Lerouen shook his head.

"Why do you want to know that?"

Galarsh showed me what an orc looks like when he's panicking.

"...... I've never heard such a bizarre thing in my life."

Rusinil seemed to have given up on understanding.

"Isekera......."

Antirrhinus looks intrigued.

In the end, it came down to why would I want to know that, apart from anything else.

They won't believe you when you say you're doing it to save the world, and you've gotten their cooperation in the first place in the name of rebuilding the demon world.

"The Darklands have lost a lot of power, almost irreparable losses, and even with your help, it will be difficult to bring down the empire."

I don't know if I've ever sounded more hollow, but I had to.

"So I'm trying to reach out to otherworldly beings."

It's not like I'm going to call in an army from another world, because there are too few people in the real world to raise my hand.

I couldn't help but notice that their faces got even more bizarre as I spoke.



* * *



There was an uproar.

Why would they help me when I'm not even sure the otherworld exists?

Lerouen and Galarsh, in particular, were horrified, saying that while they thought I was weird, I must be crazy.

He says things that make so little sense that they're almost scary now.

Lucinil opens her eyes and looks at me.

This kid is crazy.

This is how we've come to think of it.

Antirrhinus even chuckled at how surprised he was by my comment.

It's kind of creepy to laugh at that.

"If it can't be done, it can't be done, and there's nothing to lose by doing it. Who says there's no other way?"

Something that can't hurt to try.

It's just something that we can discuss, and it's not something that we can say yes or no to, but in the end, it's just an excuse.

So in the end, the answer to the first question, do we know?

By the looks on their faces, Lerouen, Galarsh, and Lucinil hadn't thought about it.

Antirrhinus did the same.

The Vampire Council doesn't know how to get to the other side.

"Okay, I don't need to know, so what about the next question?"

About a magic coven that would know such a thing.

Once again, the response was lukewarm. No matter how long they live, these immortals are somewhat bored.

So you can't be sensitive to the world's information.

By the way.

"If you mean Cantus Magna, I was once a member of that organization."

Antirrhinus had said that out of the blue.

"Gee, really?!"

"Yes, Lucinil."

It wasn't me who let out a new sound, it was Lucinil.

Apparently, all the other road vampires in the room were just as baffled as I was.

"That was before I became a vampire, too......."

It was the key to Antony's access to the Cantus Magna.





