Episode 341.





Antirrhinus was active in the Cantus Magna, not just aware of it.

Lucinil was more flustered than I was, so she jumped out of her seat and asked.

"Is that, is that okay, it's not like you're going to be in a place where you can just drop in and out, right?"

"Of course not, Lucinil."

His body was leaning more and more toward Antony, as if his eyes were about to go beyond the twinkle in them.

"Then how the hell did you get there?"

"They paid with their lives to get out of the association."

Antirrhinus crossed his arms in front of him.

They tried to kill him for trying to get out of the association, and now he's alive.

The attitude was that it was obvious what had happened. Antirrhinus was in the Cantus Magna, he was getting out of it, and there was a fight along the way.

I was that way before I became a vampire. Lucinil's mouth hung open, dumbfounded.

"Antirrhinus, why did you end up in the Cantus Magna in the first place?"

Elyse, who had been observing the situation, suddenly asked him.

"Ugh....... I wanted to be immortalized."

He points to his body.

Load the vampire's body.

"Not this half-assed immortality, but eternal immortality."

Even the body of a vampire who has overcome the sun is only half the story.

From what I've heard from Lucinil, he was torn between being a lich or a vampire and decided that being a vampire would be less uncomfortable, so he became a lich.

The old man's appearance seemed to be due to the fact that when he was really an old man, he couldn't find a way to be fully immortalized and became a vampire.

"It's not really my place to say, but Antirrhinus seems to have a way of saying ugly things that you don't mind hearing."

Lucinil's words made Antirrhinus chuckle.

"Haha, existence is ugly, isn't it, for everyone, but especially for us?"

The other Lord Vampires didn't really argue with him. Lerouen looks at Antrianus with interest.

"So, there's no way to be immortalized?"

"I don't know."

At that, everyone's faces got weird again.

I don't know.

"The Cantus Magna collect alcohol, but they don't collect it to use it. They don't even look at what they have, so generations pass and they forget what magic they have. I took a chance and tried to look at their arcana, but I was caught, and I've been disassociated with the Cantus Magna ever since."

He joined a magical order to become immortal, but was eventually discovered and fled after the battle.

What to say.

It was a little embarrassing to hear him say something that sounded like the epitome of an evil wizard.

I wonder if this is what the road vampires used to be like.

Antirrhinus, who searched for the perfect way to become immortal, failed miserably, and when faced with the choice of becoming a lich or a vampire, chose the vampire.

It's kind of ugly, but I feel like it's not so ugly because it's said so bluntly.

"Then why are you collecting sobriety? If they're not going to use it and forget what they have?"

Rusinil asked.

"Is it true, as the rumors say, that you protect the world by sealing away dangerous magic.......? Is it true?"

Lerouen asked.

What is the purpose of Cantus Magna, the Sobriety Hunter.

I didn't know either, so I wondered what Antirrhinus would say. The Magical Order is neither good nor evil; they have their own agendas.

"No, no. Absolutely, absolutely not, lol. Haha....... They never, ever have good intentions like that."

Antirrhinus burst out laughing at the comment, as if it were too funny, and Lerouen glared at Antirrhinus, ears perked up to see if he was in a bad mood.

"So what's their purpose?"

At Galash's question, Antirrhinus wiped the corners of his mouth to wipe the smile off his face, and Najik said.

"For the completion of Akasha."

"......akasha?"

Even the road vampires looked like they'd never heard of it before.

I think that's Akasha.

Akashic records or something. Although I don't know if it matches the concept exactly as I remember it.

"I don't know if I should call it an artifact or not, but....... Of course, I don't know what it looks like. But an Akasha is an artifact that holds magic. A cantus magna is an artifact that is meant to be filled. Though I don't know how much it needs to be filled."

"So, technically, they're not hunting for booze, they're cramming magic into it to fill it up, and since they've already got it in there, they need to put new magic in there, and that's why they're looking for booze. Of course, they develop new magic themselves, but since booze is inherently complex and esoteric in its recipes and composition, it must have a lot of capacity, right? That's why they have their eyes on booze."

A mysterious artifact named Akasha, apparently some sort of object that can hold magic within it.

The purpose of the cantus magna is its completion. For some reason, it gave me chills just hearing it.

"What happens when Akasha is complete?"

Antony shook his head at my question.

"I don't know. Though the head of Cantus Magna, or one of its leaders, might know."

What happens when Akasha is finished. Is it a threat to the world?

Is it a bit of a leap to say that the completion of Akasha will cause a gate to open? What the hell is going on with the completion of a very powerful artifact whose identity and purpose is unknown?

"So, whether it's possible or not, let's assume it is. If Cantus Magna can access the many spells and spirits that he's gathered in Akasha over the years, it's possible that there's a spell that opens a portal to the Otherworld. It's not a certainty, of course, but what is certain is that it contains most of the magic that exists and has ever existed in the world."

You've been collecting alcohol for a very long time, so if you can open an akasha, you might be able to figure out how to open a portal.

"Of course, it's been a long time since I was in Cantus Magna, and more time has passed, so they've probably stored even more magic in Akasha than they did in my time, or maybe they've already completed it."

The possibilities are endless.

I don't really need magic to open a portal to the otherworld, and if such a thing exists, my purpose is to destroy it.

The Cantus Magna collects not only sobriety, but magic itself. As such, they will study publicly available magic as well as their own.

If there really is such a thing as magic that can open the way to the Otherworld, it's in Akasha.

We don't really need that magic, but if Akasha has it, how does the gate thing work?

But there was a definite sense that I was getting closer, step by step, to the truth of the gate situation, which until now had been a blur.

We don't know what happens when Akasha is finished.

But now you should know.

Akasha's completion may be the link to the Gate debacle.

"I would like to know how to make contact with Cantus Magna."

Antirrhinus.

It seems suspicious and dangerous, but in the end, he was the key.



* * *



"I don't know what Akasha is, but those guys look really dangerous, and I think I'm about to meet some really dangerous people for something that's a do-or-die kind of thing."

Lucinil urged, as if it were a very bad idea, but Antirrhinus shook his head.

"Putting aside whether that's possible or not, if you can have Akasha, it doesn't matter how you get to the other world, because Akasha is a source of power in and of itself."

"Well, I guess....... I guess so......."

In the end, it didn't matter how I got there. I only asked for the Otherworld because I wanted power. In the future, I'll just say I want Akasha because I need power.

"And again, you don't know, do you, Lucinil."

"......what?"

"Isn't it possible that Akasha might contain a way for you to have a soul, just as it is possible that there is a way to true immortality that I haven't found?"

At that, Lucinil stared blankly at Antrian, as if in shock.

Rusinil said he didn't know why, but he wanted to have a soul.

I don't know what magic Akasha holds, but right now it's a jar of possibilities.

Just as I don't know if what I want will be there, I don't know if what Lucinil wants will be in Akasha.

"Antirrhinus, if you knew that, why didn't you tell me until now?"

Antrianus narrowed his eyes at Galarsch's blunt question.

"If it were that easy, I wouldn't have ended up giving up my immortality and becoming a vampire, and even now, if you ask me to go up against Cantus Magna, I'm not sure I want to."

Antirrhinus looks at me.

"Of course, in a situation like this, it's a different story."

If you have to fight, you may not have to fight them directly.

I could pit Cantus Magna and the Black Order against each other, and no matter how that fight ends, I'll be the one to secure Akasha.

"I, I....... I'm....... I'll help you."

Rusinil stood up and said to me, as if possessed by something.

It is Lucinil's desire to have a soul.

"This is why I didn't tell you about Akasha, Galarsh."

At Antrianus' words, Galarsch crossed his arms.

"I can't believe you gave me a clue and then deliberately didn't tell me."

Antirrhinus didn't tell him about Akasha, knowing that Lucinil would hang on to it if he got a clue.

But Antirrhinus deliberately said that Akasha might contain the magic to fulfill his wishes.

It seems clear that Antirrhinus wants Akasha, too.

But I don't want to take the risk, so I'm going to let Lucinil take the risk for me.

If you leave us alone, me, Lucinil, and Elise will risk and sacrifice ourselves to reach Cantus Magna.

I appreciate the information, but he's a sneaky bastard.

"So, you're saying you know where Cantus Magna is?"

"I know, but of course they've moved on by now, because it was a long time ago and they lost me."

The current location of Cantus Magna is unknown to Antony.

"So, unless Cantus Magna has the coveted sake, it's next to impossible to find them."

In the end, Antony's words were no different than what I had told Elise the day before.

It takes sobriety to find sobriety hunters. Better to let them come to us than to find us.

"Okay, we'll think about that later, there's no urgency right now."

Not yet.





