Episode 344.





Terrace, where Bertus and I used to chat from time to time.

There, Bertus rides in the car, his hands shaking, and drinks his tea, likewise shaking until it spills over.

I kept my head down, unable to look at Bertus.

I wanted to die.

Bertus will want to kill me.

"What the hell....... Why did you do that?"

Bertus Nazik says.

"...... money, because."

"......money? What does money have to do with cross-dressing?"

"Well, there's this thing called....... so......."

"A cross-dressing contest? A festival?"

"......."

"Things are looking up, aren't they......?"

"It can't hurt to have it......."

"......."

Head down, in a creepy voice, asking why the hell she was cross-dressing.

This.

Isn't this what I deserve?

I think this is the climax, right?

I don't think I've ever been in a worse situation in my life, and now that I've gotten what I deserve, I think I can trust that it will be nothing but happiness from here on out.

-Moon

Bertus barely took a sip of his tea, and I watched him set it down with a floating hand.

"What the hell. No what....... Oh no."

Bertus didn't seem to know what to say.

It's an unmasked Bertus, but not unmasked in the usual sense, but unmasked in a different way.

"Huh. Well. What is this....... Uh. Huh......."

"......."

Bertus had a flashback to the day he'd met her in cross-dressing.

Me playing dagger with the knights.

My hands were shaking.

I had a bullshit alcoholism or something.

All of that.

All those moments.

It was all me.

"......."

"......."

In a shitty mix of self-doubt.

"Holy....... Fuck."

I ended up sitting there, guilty as charged, listening to Bertus take a nasty douche.

"......I'm sorry."

"What's there to be sorry for, asshole! Yeah, because you say you're sorry! I didn't do anything, uh, different. I'm not! I'm not! I'm not! I'm just, uh, you're, uh, a brother! I'm just, uh, in good faith! I'm just, uh, this is crazy!"

"Whoa, who said what?!"

Bertus eventually exploded.

I apologized for nothing, which only earned me more abuse.



* * *



Bertus's gaze shifted toward me.

A madman who will do anything for money.

Fortunately, Bertus didn't seem to have a grudge against me and didn't want to spread rumors.

I staggered into my room with a disembodied look on my face, as if even mentioning or thinking about it was contaminating my mind.

I thought I might somehow be found out about my participation in the cross-dressing contest, but I never thought I would have to confess.

"......."

It was a hellish feeling, but more than that, it was cathartic.

A chance encounter with Bertus led to an odd turn of events that led to a backtrack.

When you start prying about where you came from, where you're from, and the details of your past, no matter what excuse you come up with, there's bound to be a hole.

No matter how much I make sure I'm on top of things, it doesn't change the fact that I'm the same person who came out of nowhere last year. And that's not a hard thing to figure out once you start digging.

Bertus could see me from the wrong direction and realize who I was.

I'm glad I confessed to the cross-dressing contest so that Bertus could psychologically disengage from the crane. Even if he's pissed, Bertus isn't going to dig into this.

Crossdressing Mission.......

As great as the rewards were, they could also come out of the woodwork.

He knew it was dangerous, but he did it anyway.

However, the real danger was coming from the cross-dressing contest.

If Bertus had gone behind my back without asking me directly, I could have been in real danger.

But.

Why would I want to be embarrassed and die when my life was in real danger?

I was stuck in my seat for a while.



* * *



There was an incident where Bertus' mind and mine exploded at the same time, but Bertus was too busy to be seen in the Royal Class dormitory.

A number of events that even I can't quite fathom now were igniting.

Ellen hadn't returned yet. Eventually, I had to do my own routine.

Worry and anxiety don't solve anything.

I've been training with Olivia in swordplay, but my focus lately has been on manipulating magic itself.

-Woof

A smokehouse where you are alone.



[The horsepower reading reaches 20 (A-)].

[Special condition achieved].

[The 'Manipulate Magic' and 'Sensitize Magic' talents evolve].

[Acquired 'Talent - Magic Dominance'].



In the mirrors of the performance hall, I could see my refined mana enveloping my entire body.

In the end, I succeeded in reaching one of Ellen's talents, magic control.

I almost got busted for a cross-dressing contest, and I sold a lot of noodles.

This allowed us to get very close to disenchantment domination.

I honestly had no idea what I was getting myself into when I got the Energy Sense and Manipulation talents. However, it was clear that those two talents helped me quite a bit, as I was able to eventually earn Enchantment.

I was able to use Enchantment without self-suggestion, and now I have the top talent, Enchantment Domination.

The horsepower rank is now A-, which is very high.

-curl!

A torrent of energy surged through his body, making his enchantment feel unlike anything he'd ever felt before.

The maneuvering of horsepower is more sophisticated and detailed, and the power itself is stronger.

It doesn't end there.

As I get used to it, the Magic Control talent will make me stronger.

I'm not going to be on the same starting line as Ellen. She's still going to be better than me, and she's going to get stronger faster than me.

It's just that you can walk a little faster now, thanks to tons of cheats.

You shouldn't be satisfied with this.

The moment I get complacent, I'm done. I still have a long way to go.

Nevertheless, I feel like I've gotten a lot more out of my understanding and utilization of enchantments with just one talent, Mastery of Enchantments.

I'm getting stronger unusually fast.

It's understood that such anomalies can be tolerated in the name of royalty, but how far can this go?

After training on the range, I returned to my dorm, showered, and changed.

-Tweet!

-Talk!

I saw a sparrow tapping its beak on the window of my room.

-Drupal

He opens the window and soon a sparrow flies into the room, too scared to draw the curtains, and the sparrow soon takes human form.

"I see degradation."

"Uh."

Sarkegar was always dressed as a maid when she entered the dormitory.



* * *



I was sitting in a chair, and Sarkegar was standing still in the center of the room with his hands clasped together.

"Demand has arrived."

"I bet you did. What do you think?"

"I was a little confused because I hadn't been handed anything, but after hearing the situation, I'm taking over."

Honestly, considering Lucinil's age, I don't think it's right to say that she's in charge. I think it's also right to say that she's in charge because she looks like a child.

"It hasn't been exposed to the outside world, has it?"

"Yes, I came to you late at night, secretly and alone."

Sarkeghar is also undercover. So Lucinil would be careful not to expose himself to the outside world.

I briefed Sarkegar on what had happened at the Vampire Council.

"That's more than I could have imagined."

"That's right. I honestly didn't see it coming either."

Sarkegaard was pleased that things had worked out much better than he had expected.

"You'll have to be careful, though. I don't know much about road vampires, but from what I've heard, this guy named Antrianus seems dangerous."

"Yes, but you can't grab it by covering your hand."

It's not a time to play favorites, so even if someone is suspicious, you have to work with them.

"And Cantus Magna and Akasha....... I don't think it's too dangerous."

"Yes, but it's very likely that what I want is there, and that's already a very powerful force in itself."

"Clashing the Black Order and Cantus Magna and taking the fish out of the water seems ideal, except we don't know what the hell this Akasha thing is."

Is it right to provoke cantus magna without knowing what akasha is?

Sarkeghar seemed to think that I could covet Akasha enough in terms of wanting power. Whether or not that was possible.

"It's becoming something of a picture, Jaehang."

Sarkegar smiled grimly. The Vampire Council has gained power, and the House of Demand has joined the ecliptic to cooperate.

Sarkhegar was purely pleased that the four demonic factions were now forming something that could be called a force.

By the way.

Please don't smile like that with that sweet face.

I'm getting cognitive dissonance from smiling like that with such a worldly face!

Of course, that wasn't the end of the story.

"What about contact with the revolutionary forces?"

"We don't want to get carried away, so we're looking carefully. We don't know the whole gang, but we have a pretty good list of people who were definitely involved."

Sarkegaard showed me a list of people.

The list goes on and on, including Oscar de Gradias.

Most of them were bureaucrats from commoner backgrounds, and a few were nobles.

"There are a lot of abandoned illegitimate children, especially in aristocratic families."

"I suppose."

Sometimes illegitimate children of noble families are admitted to the Temple with their surnames hidden. They might have been admitted to the Orbis class.

A child of noble blood but abandoned.

It is possible that the anger could turn into a desire for revolution. Most of the names would have been well vetted by Sarkozy, so the participants would be certain.

But in the end, there's no need for nagging.

What I need are the key players. It's my job to contact them and establish a working relationship with the demonic forces.

And in Sarkozy's roster, I soon found a name I recognized, if not familiarity.

I pointed to the name.

"This guy may not be the head of the organization, but I'm pretty sure he's very important."

"I think so."

Owen de Getmora.

The Merchant Guild Master's name was there.

The Merchants' Guild Master has provided the Magical Research Society with a large amount of research funding. He paid me for my ties to the imperial family.

I haven't had any requests or contact from the Merchant Guild since then, but they've been siphoning off money. The Merchant's Guild pays for all of the supplies that go into the Magic Train Shop business, and I've never had a problem with them.

Sarkozy's investigation revealed that such a merchant guild master must have joined the revolutionary forces.

"The guy who funneled money to me because he wanted ties to the imperial family is backing revolutionary forces behind the scenes......."

We don't know if he's just looking for money or if he really wants to revolutionize the world.

If he's the boss, he's important because he's the boss, and if he's not, he's important because he's the path to the boss.

"Okay. You'll contact Owen de Getmora, in Darkland's name if you need to, and I may be able to do so face-to-face, depending on the situation, so keep that in mind."

Sarkegaard looked thoughtful.

"You have to keep in mind that they might be intimidated by the name of a demon and not want to join forces with us, Jae-Hyung."

"Hmm, I don't think so."

I was a little skeptical when Sarkegar said there might be a negative outlook.

"They don't realize that once they're caught, once we turn them in to the Empire, terrible things are going to happen to them. They're going to have to work with us from the moment they're caught, or they're going to die."

The revolutionary forces must choose. If they don't take our hand, they can only know that we can bring them down in other ways. We don't have to do it ourselves.

Once you have your list, you can hand it over to the empire and that's it.

Although you might deny it.

The Empire is on high alert due to our alliance with the Crusaders. Add to that the additional threat of revolutionary forces, and they will do everything in their power to eradicate them.

So they won't be able to turn away from us.

"I admire your wisdom, Jae-hyung."

Contact with the revolutionary forces is left to Sarkegar.

"Get Lucinil's help if you need it, you're probably more likely to need magic than I am."

"Okay, degradation."

Sarkegar is assisted by Lucinil, who is staying with us for the time being.

One day at a time.

As things progress, one by one, in Valerie's name.

I will become increasingly distant from my identity as a Reinhardt.

I watched as Sarkegar flew away as a sparrow.





