Episode 346.





To get to the Edina Archipelago, you'll need Lucinil.

The situation was not urgent, but there was no reason to delay, so I entrusted the Rotary Club with a letter to Count Argonne Pontheus.

I had to be careful where I went, and even with the Ring of Sarkegar, I wasn't going to show up at Count Argon Ponteus' house in person.

I left the Rotary Club headquarters and headed to the prearranged rendezvous point.

It would be a while before I could reach them, so I waited until the night.

The rendezvous point is in the lower Irine region, just off the ecliptic.

It was very off the beaten path.

If you have time to spare, you can wait, but if you're in a hurry, this isn't the way to go.

I'm staying at Count Argon Ponteius' mansion because I don't have a way to get to him right now, but I know I need to find a way to get to Lucinil more easily.

How I killed time by the river in the dark.

-Snarl

A whitish mist seemed to gather from thin air, and soon took the form of a silver-haired girl.

-Wear

"How are you, Archdemon?"

She lands lightly on the ground and looks up at me.

"Welcome."

"Yeah, here we go."

"But what was that, was that a teleport or something?"

"Huh? Ah....... This?"

Lucinil's entire body briefly blurred and turned to mist, then re-materialized.

"It's a vampire ability. Not teleportation, though I can move fast."

The ability to turn into mist. Eleris had never demonstrated this ability. I wonder if it's an ability only the Clan of Demand can use.

If so, do different clans have different unique abilities?

While I was wondering that to myself, Lucinil put her hand on my waist.

"Anyway, do you need me?"

"Yes, you need to go somewhere with me right now."

"Where?"

"It's called the Edina Archipelago in the southern part of the Empire, do you know it?"

At my words, Rusinil crossed his arms in disbelief.

"I don't know how old I am, but I do know a little bit about geography. Though sometimes the countries I know are gone."

I wondered if that was too condescending a question to ask of a man who never loses after a night out. Lucinil looked at me and shook her head.

"But what's that island nation to the south?"

"I have a meeting with someone."

If I tried to explain it to Lucinil, she wouldn't understand, so I just said it.

But I think Lucinyl's attitude is, whatever I do, I'll do it myself. I don't think she's going to be for or against it.

Lucinil looks around.

"Okay. I don't think there's anyone around to see, so I'll just go ahead and do it, but it's a bit of a distance, so I'll have to cast it a few times in a row."

"Yes, let's go."

Lucinil concentrates and begins to cast Mass Teleport.

Lucinil or Eleris.

They have very different personalities, but they're both reliable.



* * *



The Edina Archipelago, located at the southernmost tip of the Empire, is so far from land that it's out of range of even the largest warp gates, and would normally require a ship to reach.

The archipelago has its own set of warp gates for traveling between islands, but it is not connected to the continent.

-pot!

Lucinil cast teleport several times in a row.

I was able to reach Razak, a port city in the Edina Archipelago, where I had once been when I came to visit the Duke of Granz's villa.

As soon as they reached the outskirts of Razak, Lucinil's eyes lit up.

"Wow, is it snowing here?"

The Edina Archipelago was no tropical paradise, but it was winter, and the snow was falling heavily around them. Lucinil pawed at the snow.

"You've seen it all over ......."

Didn't you say something like "I'm tired of snow" back then?

"Archdemon, is it the same snow that comes from a place where the wind blows like it's going to rip your cheeks off, or is it the same snow that falls quietly in a quiet, cozy-looking port city like this?"

"What's the difference?"

"Wow, it's pretty refreshing to see a guy who's been around a lot longer than me acting like a cranky old man."

First of all, it's bizarre that Lucinil hasn't lost his sensitivity after all these years. Anyway, on the outskirts of Razak, we were looking at a port city covered in snow.

"Anyway, who do I need to meet with?"

"I have a....... who owns a bar. I have a friend, a coworker, something like that."

Honestly, I don't know much about Airi except that she had pink hair. I could have stopped by last time, but I didn't. Lucinil tilted her head as she heard me.

"A tavern? What the hell does your grand dream of rebuilding the Darklands have to do with your buddy running a tavern in the southernmost corner of the continent?"

"I'd like to think of it as the first step toward imperial gold control, but it's kind of complicated and vague and hard to explain."

"...... Yeah, I'll see what I can do about that."

"That's good."

Lucinil stared blankly at the falling snowflakes, assuming that was the case.

He's helping me with this, that, and the other, but he's neglectful. It's like, take it or leave it.

She still wondered what my intentions were.

It's up to you. I'll help you, but if you die, it won't be my fault.

It feels like this.

I'm guessing this isn't what you meant by versatile?

"Anyway, don't call me Archdemon anywhere anymore, I don't want to get any weird looks."

I know there's no way anyone would recognize me after coming all this way, but I'm not Reinhardt anymore, I've changed my face into something completely different.

"Okay, Reinhardt."

"Let's go."

Not Reinhardt, but Reinhardt. It's not exactly a rare name, so I figured I'd go with it.



* * *



I entered Razak and asked for Airi's bar. I didn't even know the name of the place, I just asked if there was a bar with a lot of women in the neighborhood.

The last time I was here, I was already famous enough to cause an entire city to have a family breakdown or something, so I figured I could just bite the bullet and get there.

"......?"

But a passerby saw me asking and frowned.

"When are you talking about?"

"Is that ......?"

"That bar has been closed for a while."

After saying that, the passerby stormed off.

Closed?

I'm sure Elise has been busy with the ecliptic and hasn't been keeping up with Eddie or the archipelago.

What has happened to Airi since then?

"Things are a little weird, aren't they?"

"...... Really?"

Rusinil and I stared at each other, but there was no way the two of us staring at each other was going to answer the question.

I walked a bit further down the street, stopping passersby to ask. Most of the answers were that they knew about the bar, but that it had been closed for a while, so there was no point in trying.

"Oh, that bar? What a shame, I used to go there quite often......."

He was a street drunk who looked like he was going to get really drunk. A drunken man was nibbling on a crisp.

"What about that guy at the bar or....... Are they okay?"

He frowned at my question.

"Are you okay? Are you okay? Heh, heh, heh. Heh, heh, heh......."

He chuckled and brushed past me, as if he'd heard the ridiculousness of my question.

What's going on with Airi and the succubi?

Did you get beaten up or killed for being a succubus?

It seems like there were quite a few instances where the business was actually doing well, but the family broke up.

It became such a problem that citizens were complaining about it, and it became a public outcry......?

The number of such horrible cases was spinning in my head.

I grabbed the next passerby and asked.

This time it was a middle-aged woman.

"There used to be a famous bar in Razak with a lot of extra pay, but it doesn't seem to be open now. Do you know what happened to it?"

"......Why is that?"

The middle-aged woman frowned at me, a stranger getting straight to the point.

"It's not like they were hurt or anything......."

"Are you hurt? I don't think so."

"......Yes?"

"They're bitches that wouldn't take a ghost, what could they possibly hurt, I hope they go to hell, tsk tsk!"

The middle-aged woman snorted and walked away, as if she were an asshole.

What is it?

What the heck is going on?

The answer came from the next person.

"Oh, you mean the girls?"

I didn't notice any signs of regret or that he wasn't interested in drinking.

"I've been out of the liquor business for a while now, and I've been selling debentures."

No.

What the hell is this?

The old man I spoke to pointed in the direction of Razak.

There was a fairly large stone structure that stood out from a distance.

"He doesn't do business with penny-pinchers like us, but mostly with ship owners and nobles leading trading fleets, which is pretty cool, considering he's shut down his original business."

You're not screwed.

In fact, it was going so well that I didn't even need to sell it. As a passerby walked by, Lucinil grabbed my sleeve with a puzzled look.

"Is this that....... imperial gold coin?"

"That....... I think so."

"No, what gives you the idea that you didn't see it coming?"

I was just saying that you should try to get your hands on some imperial gold, but they've already closed the bar and turned it into a payday lender, is that it?

How much money did they make?

Lucinil and I walked toward the building the passerby had pointed out.



* * *



Airi's bar was thriving, so the regulars seemed to be sad to see it turn into a payday lender.

Usury, loansharking, and moneylending.

I think that's what it's called, but the stone building Rusinil and I arrived at was the size of a financial institution.

As usury grows, I wonder if it's any different from financial institutions.

I was expecting to see a busy bar in the middle of the night, but when did they build a building like this?



[Angel capital].



And the entrance to the tall building was embossed with the business name.

"I don't know much about finance, but I think angels and payday lenders are a really bad combination."

"......I think so too."

To Lucinil's mutterings of disbelief.

Even in the middle of the night, it was glowing from within.

And there was a commotion at the entrance.

It was a young woman in a black suit and a middle-aged man with a belly.

It wasn't Airi, but I had a feeling it was one of the succubi I'd rescued.

"Oh, come on, just this once. How many times do I tell you that money is tied up. Huh?"

"Captain, how many times have I told you to make sure you meet your interest payments, because we're tight on money, and we've been known to get screwed if we don't, so I'd like to offer you a lower interest rate in exchange for making sure you meet your payments, and how many times have I told you to be very careful about the penalties for missing payments?"

"Am, I know, I know, I know, of course I know, but did you think it would work out this way? I'll give you just one week, just one week, and I'll double the interest on the money I can't pay. No! I'll triple it. Seriously, I don't know what happened to you, but suddenly you're out of money. This hasn't happened before, has it?"

"Captain Ai, I'd love to be able to do that for you, given our history, but it's not something I can decide on my own ship....... I've been firmly cautioned to only do as I'm told, and this isn't about the amount of interest, and I've had one big project fall through because I arbitrarily extended the deadline and our financing got stuck, so I'm really sorry, Captain."

"Yuria....... Please, please. I'm the captain of a Lenos-class trading vessel. You know I'm not the kind of person to begrudge you a few pennies in interest. I've never beengrudged anything in my life. Please look at my face. Do you think it makes sense for me to go bankrupt for a sum like this? Do me a favor, and I'll make it up to you later."

I felt like I had a headache watching the whole thing unfold.

What the hell is that talking about, that?

At the middle-aged man's insistent pleading, the succubus called Yuria let out an exasperated sigh.

"I can't help it, you and I have a history, but I need you to know that this is the only time I'm going to miss a deadline, and the next time I do, I need you to think of it as my neck going down with it, not yours, okay? As much as you value me."

"Well, when have I ever not kept a promise to you, huh?! Well, except for this one, hehe!"

"Well, I'll give you a week's lead time, but you'll have to be ready next time, and you know I can't do that on my own, right?"

"Sure. In a week's time, I won't be able to pay the principal as well as the interest!"

The middle-aged man walked away with a hearty laugh after being assured that he would be granted an extension on his interest payments.

The Capital employee, a succubus named Yuria, looked at us as we stood dumbfounded at the Capital entrance after the man left.

"Are you a visitor?"

"Well, sort of, but......."

At my words, Yuria scratched her cheeks in a rueful way.

"I'm sorry. Angel Capital only provides financial services to select VIP clients, so we're not accepting new clients. Unless you have a letter of recommendation from an existing member, you're out of luck."

Loan sharking.

But it's not a loan sharking business targeting the common man.

We don't know how he got from the bar to here, but it's clear from the size of it that he's done something big.

I don't look like Valier, and I don't look like Reinhardt, so you won't recognize me.

"Tell the boss that the 'one remaining family' is here, and he'll understand."

"......!"

There are many ways to invoke Airy.

Not blood, but one family member left.

Darklands royalty.

Aside from Airi herself, I'm sure you'll understand that I'm the only other one.

"...... will take you, come here."

And if Yuria was a succubus, of course she would understand.





