Episode 349.





Somehow, I ended up going to Darklands during my summer vacation and now I'm going to Darklands during my winter vacation.

Of course, the companion goes from Ellen, the next warrior, to the Empress and the Continental First Sword.

And the place Ellen and I were headed to is also an entry point in Darklands.

This time, the castle is located deep in the Darklands. The Allies have been marching in a single-point burst, so they've targeted the castle and succeeded, but they haven't explored the area around it.

While adventurers are continuing to explore the Darklands, they haven't covered much ground.

There were only three of us, myself, Saviolin Tana, and Charlotte, and we didn't need an escort or entourage, and we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.

"We'll have to go through quite a few warp gates, Your Highness."

"Yes."

Supply was a problem for the Allies, so they built warp gates every few miles as they marched to replenish their supply. Naturally, during the war, those warp gates would have been key interception points for the Demon King's forces.

The plan is to reach the Eggsian Forward Base via the massive warp gate, and then follow the Allied advance route directly to the Demon City.

It will take some time to activate the dormant gate, but the warp gate was placed directly in front of the post-war Demon Castle, so the actual travel time shouldn't be too much.

Charlotte looked nervous.

For Charlotte, the castle must have been a hellish place.

You go back to a place you never want to go back to, hoping that there might be some clue to your condition.

So I'm sure Charlotte is feeling a lot of mixed emotions right now, and I'm sure I was too.



* * *



At this point, the city is in the hands of the Empire. They may have taken it, but they're not done scouring and searching the entire castle.

Through the Eggsian Forward Base, my party traveled quickly through the warp gates, arriving in front of the demon star at a speed that made me wonder if it was possible to get there so quickly.

"......."

"......."

Charlotte and I were speechless when we saw the desolate state of the demon castle.

A giant gray castle under an azure winter sky.

The city of Demon King still bore the marks of the fires of war that had swept through it.

The walls bore the marks of numerous magical and siege weapons.

"This is....... Mawang."

Saviolin Tana, who did not participate in the Great Demon War, is seeing the Demon Castle for the first time. I do not know with what emotion she gazes upon the vestiges of the great human victory.

I had no intention of advertising our arrival, not that Bertus would know anyway. Besides, it would be a nuisance to have bigwigs show up at the garrison.

So the three of us donned our robes once we reached the Demon Castle.

"Greetings, Your Majesty. I am Count Alfrid, acting in the capacity of Commander-in-Chief of the garrison of Demon City."

Also, the commander, who must have been briefed in advance of our arrival, was the only one out to greet us.

I could tell that Charlotte and Savior Tana were careful not to cause any unnecessary fuss.

"Ah, I see. Pleased to meet you, Count Alfrid."

I'm sure Bertus has a sense that Charlotte's power is demonic. He's just not using it as a weapon.

That's why she's here, to inspect the garrison. Charlotte explained in a low whisper to me.

While not always active, the garrison seemed to be well supplied with warp gates. There were proper buildings around the castle, not tents, and the troops seemed to be spending more time searching and researching than fighting.

Led by the commander, Count Alfrid, we made our way to the garrison headquarters.

Our visit, while not top secret, was not overt. Our arrival today was known to only a few people in the garrison, including the commander.

Count Alfrid seemed to think of me as a mere attendant.

After a short meal with the commander, he took us to the command center's leadership room.

Charlotte's ostensible purpose is to check on the status of the investigation of Mawang.

On the table in the middle of the map room was an architectural model of the castle, and the walls were covered with drawings of the castle's aim.

"The Demon Castle is huge because it's where the Demon King used to live, so we haven't fully explored it yet."

"...... Is that enough?"

"Yes."

The architectural model even detailed the collapsed castle of Mawang Castle.

In reality, the planet was very large.

Just as the Emperor Emperatos was very large, the Demon King was no different.

Unlike Huangseong, which had one palace each in the east, west, south, and north, Mawangseong had a very large Mawang Palace in the center, with numerous other buildings around it.

"In fact, there are still areas where the traps are active, so we're navigating a bit more cautiously to avoid casualties until we have a better idea of what's going on......."

Charlotte's words sounded like a rebuke, like she hadn't gotten to this yet, and the commander muttered something under his breath.

"It's not a rush job, so I think we should proceed with caution. I didn't mean anything by wood, Commander."

"Thank you, Your Majesty."

The castle is huge, and we're still not done searching for it.

This is because there are still areas where traps are active.

For the exterior, we have a mockup that we can build as we see it, but that doesn't mean there aren't still some unknowns in the targeting diagram.

Still, the commander pointed to the reticle and the three-dimensional model and began to explain.

An adjunct building that rivaled the palace in size was the barracks.

It was quite a strange feeling to have a garrison commander tell me something I didn't know as a demon prince.

"The barracks probably had a standing army stationed there. However, no barracks, no matter how large, could possibly hold the number of demons and monsters of the caliber that fought us during the Demon War, so we assume that they must have summoned resident demons from other regions."

"I suppose so."

The number of troops in the city of Mawang at the time for the Battle of Sucheng far exceeded its capacity.

In peacetime, not wartime, there wouldn't have been that many troops in Mawang Castle, the commander added.

"The first floor of the ground level of the palace has been identified as having facilities for living, including dining and banqueting halls. And do you see the center of the palace, this central courtyard?"

"Yes."

The center of the demon palace was open, and there was a large clearing in the middle of it.

There were destroyed columns and statues.

Everything was detailed, down to the shattered wreckage.

It's a mockup, but it's enough to give you a sense of the enormity of the fight that took place here.

"Do you happen to have....... here."

Charlotte looked at the Commander, who nodded.

"Yes."

A huge clearing in the Demon Palace.

"This is the place where Lagan Artorius and the Devil fought."

The center of the demon castle, where the battle between the warrior and the demon took place.

I didn't see the battle, but Charlotte and I heard a roar that sounded like the world was falling apart.

Charlotte shuddered slightly, and I swallowed hard.

Devil's Trail.

Charlotte vaguely thought that if she touched it, she might learn something or solve her condition.

"I need to go to this place."

So, it was kind of natural for Charlotte to say that.



* * *



The castle is very large, so we traveled on our own horses.

I had learned to ride at the temple, so I was able to get on the horse without too much trouble.

Since the castle was a research area, no one was allowed to live inside unless they had a special mission.

As such, there was one large town, called the Garrison, that surrounded the demon castle.

We don't know if there was ever a village of demons in the vicinity of Demon Castle. If there were, they would not have existed, and if there were, they would have been swept away in the vats of war, leaving no trace of them.

"What areas have been secured so far?"

In response to Charlotte's question, the Commander says.

"For now, the annex buildings are all secured, and the Demon King has confirmed that there are no active traps above ground, but the basement is still dangerous, so please refrain from walking around. As long as you don't head too deep underground, I don't think you'll have any problems roaming freely."

This means that there is nothing to be found on the surface of the planet.

Whatever it is I need to know, I'm going to have to go underground to find out. Charlotte asked again as she rode beside the Commander.

"Are there many soldiers who have been trapped?"

"It's not just soldiers, either. Experienced rangers and knights, as well as mages, are often caught. We're lucky if they're only injured, but those who fall victim to mind-affiliated magic traps can have their minds destroyed, which is why we're more cautious about exploring the underground."

"Hmmm....... Is that it?"

It's not a dungeon in the middle of nowhere, it's a trap in a demon castle.

Charlotte gulped when I told her that if you messed with it, you could be killed, or worse, crippled.

Even with Bertus's problems out of the way, the planet isn't exactly a safe place.

Several times, the commander assured us that we shouldn't go to the underground area because it wasn't known where it was safe.

But me, Charlotte, and Tana would think the same thing. If anything, the clues are underground.

We soon arrived at the entrance to the Palace of the Demons, which is huge and grand in scale.

The girl he thought was a poor hostage in the Demon King's castle was actually an empress, and she was terrified that she was going to die before she could be rescued.

Returning with Dyrus, he obtained the teleportation scroll and rode his horse at full speed to escape the clutches of Duke Salerian's knights.

Without me, Charlotte would have died.

What's Charlotte thinking?

Thinking about the horror, the pain, and the terrible times.

"......."

But the glimpse I got of Charlotte's face was filled with sadness. She didn't seem to be thinking about anger and pain.

It knows what you're thinking without you asking.

You're thinking about Bali.

He saved her life, but then suddenly disappeared, and after corresponding with her for a while by letter, he cut himself off.

Someone who now has to think in agony about what the hell they were.

My name is Reinhardt, and I am now at Charlotte's side.

"Let's go in."

Charlotte, dismounting from her horse, said grimly.



* * *



The path to the main hall of the Demon Palace wasn't too complicated. It's just that it's so huge that you have to pass through long, wide corridors and several halls.

The castle still bore the marks of the battle.

"Of course....... Your Majesty knows best, but....... After the Demon King's death, the demons all surrendered."

"I suppose so."

As they walked, the commander pointed out the signs of battle as they passed through the great halls of the palace.

"So most of the tracks inside the palace belonged to a group of warriors."

"Oh, I see."

The gates of the Demon City would not fall until the Demon King's death.

And since all fighting stopped after the surrender, there was no fighting between the demonic and allied forces inside the palace.

The traces of broken statues and statues, collapsing walls, etc. are the work of the demonic forces and their warriors inside the palace.

The commander walked through the palace, explaining this and that.

There was a certain pride in his tone.

A great victory for humanity.

And the castle is like a museum documenting that victory.

They seemed to think so, and they weren't far off.

Standing in front of a crumbling wall in a huge hall that was probably a dining room, the Commander says. He stood in front of it, suddenly ministering.

A single white flower was placed on the spot where he stood.

"Ragnar Olfy's body was found here."

The location where the body of one of the warriors was found.

After the Demon King's death, all the bodies would have been picked up, so there would have been bodies of the warriors scattered around the Demon King's castle where the battle took place.

As the bodies are recovered, the location of where they were found will also be recorded.

"And over there, the body of Archirion, one of the Four Thousand Kings, was found."

Ragnar Olfy.

The person in your party who held the Ranger position.

I had never set up the Four Thousand Kings, so I had never heard of Archirion.

I set it up so that my party of warriors would die one by one as they defeated the Four Heavenly Kings.

In the end, only Ragan Artorius remained to face the demon.

I did it because it's a cliché to defeat the Four Heavenly Kings one by one and die one by one, but I didn't really think about it.

Perhaps there's a reason why the Four Horsemen took on a party of warriors one by one.

It's impossible to know at this point.

Savior Tana and Charlotte followed their commander's lead and stood still and bowed their heads for a moment of silence, which I did as well.

I wouldn't call it a tour, but the commander led us as if it was his duty.

This time it wasn't a hall, but a huge corridor, and there were white flowers that looked like they hadn't been there long.

It was like having someone bring you flowers every day.

The pillars in the hallway had collapsed, and somewhere among them, the commander held another moment of silence.

"This is where Mullern's body was found."

Wizards in a party of warriors.

"With the body of the succubus queen Reina, one of the Four Heavenly Kings."

Reina, Succubus Queen.

Airi's mother.

It was a name I'd heard before, so it didn't carry the weight of nothing.

The commander stares at the signs of collapse as he speaks.

"The succubus queen, Reina, was a serious problem: on nights when she exerted her influence, tens of thousands of soldiers were unable to fall asleep for fear of being possessed by her, and those who fell asleep without being able to overcome their drowsiness often never woke up."

He emphasized several times that the true fear of the Succubus Queen was that it was monstrous in nature.

While the wick may be extremely powerful or unable to enter the minds of those trained in anti-magic, an unspecified number of soldiers without such resistance have fallen victim to Monma.

"In fact, it was probably the Succubus Queen and her clan that killed the most Allied soldiers, aside from Larken Simonstein."

At the mention of Larken Simonstein, Saviolin Tana flinched slightly.

Is it an illusion?

The commander said, and walked ahead again.

"Given the circumstances, I'm wondering if it wasn't a matter of amplifying my powers beyond their limits to save my companions from the Succubus Queen's powerful mesmerizing spell....... I'm thinking."

The commander, Count Alfrid, has since visited each of the places where the bodies of his men have been found.

The original plan was to see the site of the battle between Lagan Artorius and the demon Valier, but Charlotte wasn't too keen on the idea.

The amount that he feels obligated to make sure they do because they saved his life.

When they passed the spot where the cleric Sheydin had died, and reached the spot where Lagan Artorius and the supposedly last two remaining mages, Seizaria, had died, the commander was silent.

"The bodies of Larken Simonstein, the First Lord of the Four Heavens, and Seizaria, the Demon Swordsman, were found here, and it is believed that the battle between Lagan Artorius and the Demon King took place shortly thereafter."

Larken Simonsteidt.

Airi and I were told that he taught us swordsmanship. I was a jerk and Airi was an honor student.

Of course, I don't know much about him.

"......."

However, Saviolin Tana watched the scene of what must have been an epic battle with a stony expression on her face.

"As for him, I wanted to kill him with my own hands."

Savior Tana's fingertips trembled slightly.

Neither Charlotte nor the Commander said anything. As if they already knew.

I'm pretty sure I'm the only one who doesn't know why Saviolin Tana is saying that.

Sensing my doubt, she looked at me and gave me a rueful smile.

"He was my teacher."

"......Yes!?"

The sound was completely unexpected, and I couldn't help but jump. Both Charlotte and the Commander stared at me in shock.

"No....... You learned to wield a sword from a demon?"

"......?"

"Hmm?"

Saviolin Tana crosses her arms, muttering to herself.

"I guess you didn't know." Well, how could you not know....... It's possible. Larken Simonstein is human."

The first of the Four Heavenly Kings of the Demon Realm was actually a human?

Isn't it kind of a big deal that I don't know this? Luckily, I'm from a small town, so I feel like I can get away with it.

The bones are smoldering.

"A traitor to the Empire who deserves to be chewed up and killed."

Silent fury burned in Savior Tana's eyes.

Speaking of which.

'Yes. The prince and princess learned swordsmanship from Lord Larken Simonsteid, who was the first King of the Four Thousand.'

The title of a sir.

Come to think of it, it's a fitting title for a knight.





