308.





Unlimited tournaments are a far cry from the first-year tournaments I experienced.

Many of the participants were seniors from the Royal Class or former Orbis Classes, and none of them were so good that they could be ignored even if they were from the regular class.

First, of the finalists, the Melee class had awakened to the power enchantment.

It's true that many people don't become enlightened until they graduate from Enchantment, but that means there are those who do.

This is the place to see who is the strongest in the Temple. As such, enchantments should be built into the foundation.

Some brackets are designed so that people who are close to winning in the first place don't meet in the preliminaries and get knocked out.

As I watched the Group A match, I caught a glimpse of the strange female senior who had spoken to me earlier in front of the dorm.

-Ladia Schmidt, 6th grade, Royal Class!

She was also a tournament competitor.

It seemed like she was the favorite to win before Olivia's name came up.

Was it competitor conscious, like if Olivia didn't compete, you were almost certain to win, and then all of a sudden Olivia competed and you felt like it would make it harder for you to win?

Olivia is a year behind, so she should be in 6th grade.

This means that Olivia and Radia Schmidt would have been in the Temple for a long time.

But Olivia's been doing some crazy things lately. I can't imagine Olivia being in bad blood with anyone.

Radia Schmidt, 6th grade, Royal Class, B-2.

Whatever he was thinking, the important thing was that he was very good.

I could feel it in my hands, but seeing it in my eyes was something else.

"......that's a lot."

"Sure."

After watching Radia Schmidt's main event, Ellen and I couldn't help but agree.

Paladin family. A monster that uses both divine and magical enhancements.

She walked away with a clean win, and the people in the next match, winners and losers alike, were incredibly talented.

Even if I had won first grade, I wouldn't be able to show my business card. I wasn't particularly proud of myself for winning first grade, but I couldn't help but think that I still had a long way to go when I saw how good the seniors were.

I don't know about Ellen, but I'm not there yet.

The crowd was also on the edge of their seats as they watched the students battle it out with their enchantments.

Charlotte didn't seem to care about any of this, but she was paying attention as she listened to Saviolin Tana's commentary from the sidelines.

It was quite helpful to listen across it.

Who's going to win this time, who's going to act this way in this situation, the outcome is already decided, etc. Saviolin Tana was pretty much right.

Of course, there were those who weren't interested at all.

"Adelia, wake Harriet when she comes out."

"Huh? Ah....... Yeah."

Riana slashed at the thigh of Adelia, who was sitting next to her.

Me-Ellen-Liana-Adelia

Since they were sitting in this order, he lay with his head on Adelia's side and his legs across Ellen's thighs.

Ellen stood still as if she didn't care, but I didn't.

"Do you want to fuck in a skirt?"

"I don't care if you're wearing shorts."

Riana lay back as if it didn't matter and tried to run her hand under her skirt.

Well, what the heck!

-Bang!

"Yuck!"

"......."

And just as she was about to do so, Ellen, who hadn't moved, slapped Riana's thigh with a loud crack.

"Stay still."

"Uh, yeah......."

Ellen stared at Riana, and Riana nodded as she lay there with a dazed look on her face.

Ellen clutched at the hem of Riana's skirt as if she were afraid Riana was going to make a fool of herself.

-Bang! Quack!

In the meantime, two of the enchanted students were getting into a rough fight.

It's not hard to follow visually, but it's a battle of monsters that I'm not sure I'd win if I stood in front of it.

Now, it's time for Herriot to take on those guys.

How the hell are you supposed to deal with kids who aren't confident in themselves?

We're @Mr_Parker.......

You're good at this, right?

I'm so anxious I'm going to lose my mind!

It's not like you're mentally going through a hard time because you lost, right?

-MoonMoonMoon

"Stop dropping your legs."

Ellen finally said something to me.

No, but I'm not sure what to do with my anxiety.

-Haah.......

From somewhere, I heard the earth sigh, a sound very similar to my own.

It wasn't the sound of a sigh that made me suddenly focus on something else.

I'm not sure what to say right now, but it felt very similar to me.

It was familiar.

-Honey, stop it.

-You're not even anxious?

-My kid will figure it out eventually.

The Grand Duke and Duchess of Saint-Thuan sat side by side.

When you think about it, it's festive season, so it's not that unusual for the Grand Duke and Duchess of Saint-Thuan to be at the Temple. Herriot was even competing in an unlimited tournament, so it was only natural that they would come to watch.

The seats weren't very close together, so I don't think the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan recognized me.

But it was clear that both me and the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan were thinking the same thing.

I was doing it, so I was definitely the crazy one around here.

This....... But.......

Should I go say hi......?

I think we've cleared up that misunderstanding.

It's not like your friend's parents came all the way here and you didn't see them, and it's not like you didn't see them and say hello.

But I'm not sure I'm supposed to say hello.

What to do?

Once that's done, let's think about it.

Anyway, it's nice to have someone who shares the same anxiety.



* * *



Third match of Group C of the Grand Finals of the Unlimited Tournament.

That was Herriot's first bracket.

The only first year, and also the only Magic major in this tournament, is Royal Class First Year A-4, Herriot de Saint-Ouen!

Herriot stood still, dressed in a long-sleeved outfit that looked comfortable for the activity, not a school uniform.

A first year, and a magic major at that.

Even the most casual observer already knows that Herriot is at a disadvantage.

Naturally, the Royal Class first years were there, as well as Riana, who had been lying down and was now sitting up properly, looking out over the pitch.

Her opponent is Isa Shelkin, a senior in Eleanor's class.

Whoever it is, they'll have access to disenchantments, as will all of the main eventers in the Unlimited tournament.

He's listed as being from the regular class, but it's entirely possible that he was a transfer from the Orbis class.

Armed with a sword.

Herriot was unarmed because he was a magic major.

The Unlimited tournament is a best-of-five, best-of-three format starting with the round of 