Episode 351.





The palace was so large and sprawling that it took quite a while to explore each floor. Most of the rooms were empty or dusty, as everything of value had been taken.

There were spaces that looked like libraries without books, or warehouses that were wide open and empty.

There was also a throne, where a demon might have sat. The realm was larger than any realm I had ever seen.

Once again, this is due to the varying heights of the demons that enter.

After I finished the first floor, I wandered around the upper floors. I passed by the place where I found the magic scroll.

Not surprisingly, it was empty.

And, as I walked down that hallway, I couldn't help but end up there.

Jail cell.

"......."

"This is......."

Charlotte nods.

"Yeah, that's where I was stuck."

A place filled with terrible memories.

"This place looks like....... I don't think it's going to be good."

Charlotte seemed to hesitate, then turned away.

There are no demonic remnants here, only trauma.

-Beatle

"Your Majesty!"

"ah......."

Charlotte stumbled as she walked, and Tana pulled her to her feet.

"Are you okay?"

Charlotte's forehead beaded with sweat as she approached.

I wonder if my body is being affected because I'm reliving traumatic memories.

"It's no big deal....... All of a sudden, my legs gave out and I fell on my face......."

It's not a memory I can easily forget, and it's even harder now that I've returned to the scene. Tana left Charlotte, who was leaning on her, to me.

"I beg your majesty for a moment. Let's find a place to rest."

"Yes."

Charlotte grabbed my arm and leaned against me, while Tana ran down the hall.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

Charlotte was breathing heavily, as if she'd been running a marathon.

"Do you think it's dangerous now?"

"No....... It's not that....... Just......."

It didn't feel like she was having a seizure, but more like she was hyperventilating. Charlotte took a few deep breaths, and her breathing soon stabilized.

"I didn't think it would be that good, but....... This is tough."

She would only tell me that she was the one who had killed everyone in the camp. I let Charlotte lean her back against the wall and offered her my arm.

How long has it been.

"I found a place to rest, let's go there."

Saviolin Tana looked back upstairs and said as she came toward us.



* * *



After a few more hallways and a few more floors, I arrived at what looked like a bedroom.

There were no valuables in sight, but the furniture was still there. After opening the window and dusting off the couch, Saviolin Tana laid Charlotte down on the couch.

Charlotte gave me a vague smile.

"Lord Tana, you are not ill."

"You should get some rest, though. You've been walking quite a bit today."

"......Haha, yeah, I guess so."

Charlotte was lying on the couch, catching her breath.

It was a strange feeling, not knowing whether to worry that she was having a trauma attack or to be grateful that it wasn't a power attack. Saviolin Tana stared around her bedroom.

"Well, it was a quick search, but this is....... Looks like it's the bedroom of someone pretty retarded, even for a demon kingdom."

"......Ah, right."

There were no valuables, but all the large furniture remained. Given the quality of the items, Saviorin Tana's suggestion that this might have been the bedroom of someone with a high level of retardation on Demon City seemed quite plausible.

Somehow.

I felt weird.

"@....... We can't identify whose bedroom it was because we looted it all with reckless abandon, although that's probably not that important......."

Tana seemed to consider the possibility that this might be the demon's bedroom. Indeed, it was a bedroom that could be considered such.

Four Heavenly Kings or Demons.

And.

Another noble someone.

-Drupal

Tana was opening closets and rummaging through drawers to see if there was anything left in the room.

Charlotte suddenly pushed herself off the couch.

Saviolin Tana rummages through a drawer.

Anything that might be worth money would have been taken, so there was nothing left.

But somehow.

A strange anxiety was burning through my body.

-Drupal

As Saviolin Tana opens the drawers one by one.

An intense sense that something is about to be discovered.

The warning from my gut felt like a needle in my heart.

-drag

"......?"

Saviolin Tana opened a drawer in her dresser and shook her head.

"Clearly, there's some stuff left that's not going to pay."

She pulled something out of a drawer.

It was a classy looking wooden case, with the lid open but the contents intact.

It looked like someone went to take it, saw the contents, and left it there.

"You're Biscuit......."

Charlotte stared at the biscuit, wide-eyed.

I gritted my teeth to the point where my molars were chattering to keep from making any kind of expression.

"Can you give me that?"

Charlotte, now frighteningly calm, says, "Yes.

"Your Majesty, it must be spoiled."

"I'm not doing it to eat."

"......Yes, here it is."

Charlotte stares at the biscuit Tana brought, still in its wrapper, in her hand.

Individually wrapped biscuits.

Charlotte stares at it.

Biscuit.

That.



"You must be hungry, eat this.

'You, you....... You?'

"I'm fine, you eat first.

'You, too....... You eat too.'



Biscuit.

The same biscuit, in the same package, found in the bedroom of someone who was supposedly a retarded high demon.

Charlotte unwraps the biscuit and snaps it in half.

"Your Majesty!"

-Wasak!

Charlotte bit into the biscuit, despite Tana's protests.

What I felt.

Charlotte will never be forgotten.

Even if you forget everything, you'll never forget the look and taste of that biscuit.

I don't know if it tasted the same.

However.

Tears rolled down Charlotte's cheeks as she took a bite of her biscuit.

"Ha."

Charlotte was on to something.

"Haha."

"......Sire? What the hell is wrong with you?"

There was something fishy going on, something you didn't want to believe, something you were trying to deny.

There is a limit to how far you can go in denying a truth you don't want to believe.

This biscuit isn't exactly proof either.

But it was too much.

Evidence and suspicion pile up.

Stack, stack, stack.

Biscuits by the dozen in a fancy case.

I wonder if they think these things can't just roll around everywhere.

Charlotte's thoughts must have gone on and on, and she must have come to some conclusion.

"Hmph, hmph....... Hmph. Ha. Hmph."

"Your Majesty, what is it?"

Now, it's an irreversible conviction.

"Hmph, hmph, hmph, hmph!"

Charlotte bent at the waist and laughed like a madwoman.

I think you're right, but still, just in case.

Even the vague notion that it might not work seemed to disappear completely.

What's going through Charlotte's mind?

After all, he might think he's just being used to help the next demon escape.

I couldn't figure it out.

"Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmph! Hmph!"

Charlotte's laughter, however, turned into a fever.



* * *



"There's a bedroom inside ...... that's a bit bigger than this one, and I'm guessing that's the Devil's bedroom."

Saviolin Tana, who had looked around at all the nearby rooms, said so, not knowing what to say.

Charlotte asked to see if there were any bedrooms nearby that were larger than this one.

There is only one room further back than this bedroom.

Based on the scale, it's thought to be the king's bedroom. I don't know what the architectural philosophy of the palace was, but I can't imagine a second, more luxurious bedroom right next to the king's bedchamber.

Charlotte sat idly by with a box of biscuits in front of her.

This isn't hard evidence either, but it seemed to be the psychological proof that Charlotte needed for the final conviction.

Charlotte had known for a long time that Valier could not be unrelated to the Devil.

However, the Demon King's successor has recently become active.

Charlotte didn't offer any explanation, but Tana seemed to know what Charlotte was thinking.

I was silenced.

I knew that no matter what I said, I couldn't comfort Charlotte now, and even if I could, it wouldn't be my job.

"Your Majesty, why would....... I don't know about you, but it's just a biscuit, after all. This is....... Whatever you may think, Your Highness, it's not enough to convince me of anything......."

Saviolin Tana started to say something, then stopped.

She doesn't know what this biscuit means to Charlotte.

Hearing Tana's words, Charlotte nodded slowly.

"Maybe."

Charlotte says calmly.

"Just....... I've given up."

Charlotte has stopped advocating for Valerie, even in her own mind.

"The kid who saved me must be the son or heir of the devil. I wanted to believe otherwise, but I won't anymore."

This may not be strong evidence, but it's enough to build a wall in Charlotte's mind.

The boy who saved my life is the heir to the demon king, and he's responsible for all the demon attacks on the Yellow Road.

Charlotte is convinced.

"I just kept asking myself, if that's the case, why did you save me....... Why....... Why you bothered to save me when you could have gotten away on your own....... I mean, maybe not, because there's no reason to keep me alive, so maybe not....... I wanted to believe it."

With the teleportation scroll in hand, I was the only one left to flee the demon castle. But I risked it with Dyrus and returned to save Charlotte.

I think that's why Charlotte was willing to trust me until the very end.

If you're the heir to the throne, there's no reason to risk your life to save Charlotte. If you'd rather let her die, let her die.

I, who should hate the Empire as much as Artorius, have no reason to save Charlotte.

That was the last psychological barrier for Charlotte to consider that Valier might not be the Devil's son.

But that's now broken.

"Now....... I think I know why that kid saved my life."

So, now Charlotte is thinking.

Why the Devil's son had to save himself.

A good reason to risk your life.

Charlotte looks at me this time.

"I have the power of a demon, or the soul of a demon, or something like that, because......."

Charlotte mumbles to herself.

I got goosebumps watching Charlotte mutter that.

I could see where Charlotte was going to come to that conclusion.

"You didn't save me....... It wasn't....... wasn't."

Charlotte stares at the biscuits and speaks slowly, her voice thick with betrayal.

"The spirit of me....... the demon's soul....... I saved......."

Once she was certain that Valier was the Devil's son, that was the only reasonable conclusion Charlotte could reach.

We can never arrive at the idea that he did it out of the goodness of his heart, that he wanted to save her. There is no such thing as a good reason for the son of the devil to save the empire's princess.

The war is lost.

The devil is dead.

The devil's son doesn't know that the princess is being held here, and that she possesses the devil's soul.

Not to save the maiden, but to save the demonic spirit within.

One can only conclude that he risked his own life so that the demon could be resurrected in the heart of the empire.

"Hmph, hmph. Bird, come to think of it....... It was obvious....... It was obvious......."

Charlotte chuckled to herself, puzzled that she hadn't come to this conclusion earlier.

To such a Charlotte.

It's not like that, you're misunderstanding.

I just didn't want you to die, and I didn't know who you were at the time, and I had no idea that something like that lay dormant in you.

I wanted to say.

It felt like someone was squeezing my heart.

The misunderstanding grew, and it was too reasonable to deny.

No.

I just wanted to tell you that I've been watching you, and I've been trying to protect you, and I'm still trying.

However, if you reveal your identity, you die.

If I reveal that I'm Bali, the only thing Charlotte will feel is betrayal.

It's a problem with all the lies she's been telling, and it's a problem with the way her thinking is unfolding.

Even if I control Charlotte's symptoms, I may end up thinking that it's for the sake of the demon's full resurrection.

Sure, there would have been a sacrifice if I hadn't stopped Charlotte the day she went on her rampage, but Charlotte would have ended up dead.

The fact that no one saw how desperately I fought that day ultimately helped me hide my identity, but it also created the problem that Charlotte herself had no idea how sincerely I fought for her.

Now that I've begun to suspect Valie, if I reveal that it's Valie, everything I've done with Reinhardt will be to save the demon.

"Ha, ha, ha....... Haha......."

I ended up saying nothing in front of a smiling Charlotte.





