Episode 352.





The search for the ground level of Demon Castle only resulted in Charlotte admitting something she didn't want to admit.

Charlotte had come to the conclusion that Valier had been using her from the beginning, and the loose ends of her logic fit snugly together: not to save her life, but to revive the demon.

So, right now, Charlotte wasn't in a position to do anything more.

The feeling of betrayal seemed to sap all my motivation.

I wonder if he regrets warning Elise to run away.

By then, Charlotte was pretty much convinced that I was the heir to the Demon King.

It's just that she's now more confident in Valier's intentions in saving her life.

Now it's clear.

The moment my identity is revealed, Charlotte is bound to hate me if no one else does.

The important thing is that if I can find a way to make Charlotte's condition completely better on Demon Island, and I can execute on it, she'll know that my intentions in trying to protect her were pure, even if my identity is later revealed.

Somehow.

I'm now assuming that there will be a situation where the identity will be revealed.

I can't help it.

If you're going to keep a low profile and stay in the temple, you're not going to be in a situation where you're going to be identified.

But I can't, so I'm going through the motions.

It knows that if it has a long tail, it will get stepped on, so it has no choice but to keep growing it.

It wasn't like I could do much more exploring, and the ground level was already revealed, so there was nothing to see.

I found Valerie's room, which I didn't know about, and Charlotte was convinced of something because of it.

So the natural question was.

The first place I woke up was not in Valerie's room, but in the hallway.

I am Bali, Prince of the Demon Realm.

But I'm also not a Balinese.

Valier, the real-life demon prince, was not a very good prince. He was a fool, lazy, and incapable of anything.

He's a pathetic bastard who believes in the power of the devil.

I don't know anything about Valier other than he's just an asshole and a douchebag, although I've settled for the convenient excuse that he's lost his memory.

But Bali must have had a life before I became Bali.

So.

Even when the demon was about to die, Bali was doing something. That's when I possessed her body.

I saw Balie's room for the first time today.

The first place I woke up was in the hallway.

A hallway, not a room.

It means it was going somewhere.

In Bali before I was possessed, where the hell was I going?

To a demonic battleground where the fight is in full swing?

At the height of my incompetence, in a state of weakness?

A question I'd never had before, but one that came to the forefront of my mind as I arrived at the Demon Castle.



* * *



The Garrison Command Center's guest room.

It looked like a room set aside for a high ranking nobleman or soldier on a tour.

It was like a hotel, with multiple bedrooms inside, and it was a comfortable place to spend a few days.

Instead of getting our own rooms, we decided to share a room because we didn't know what would happen to Charlotte during the night. We had a split bedroom anyway, so it didn't really matter.

"I'm going to check on the status of the underground search."

"Yes, Lord Tana."

"May you rest."

Saviolin Tana left the room for a moment. Charlotte glared at me as she hung the robe she'd been wearing all day on a hanger.

"......Why?"

"I want to wash ......."

Correct.

She was very embarrassed about anyone hearing her wash herself, wasn't she? I could see that Charlotte wanted to say something to me, but she was hesitant because she was sorry.

"...... I'll be out for a while."

Normally, I wouldn't touch Charlotte right now.

"......I'm sorry."

While Charlotte was washing up, I was outside the guest room.

The hallway in front of the Command Center.

From the window, I could see the towering walls of Mawang Castle.

Secret places.

The most likely place is underground, but how do you get in there and how do you get past the traps?

There will be rangers and mages in the garrison who are no strangers to traps in their quest to uncover the secrets of the Demon Castle, and if they're struggling too, that means we're not going to be able to outmaneuver them.

-Dalcock

While I was thinking about this, I heard the door open and Charlotte poked her head out the door.

Water was dripping from her hair and her face was flushed.

"I'm all washed up......."





Something.

That's a weird thing to think about.......



* * *



Charlotte, who had changed into a white dress and slippers, looked in the mirror and ran a hand through her hair to dry it.

That's something you'd expect someone to do for you, but since you're basically on your own in the Temple, I didn't find it particularly awkward to see Bertus and Charlotte doing that.

The majesty or authority of an empress.

He doesn't seem to have any of that, he seems like a normal person his age.

"What are you looking at?"

When I continued to stare, Charlotte asked if I was conscious of my gaze.

"Nah, whatever. Just."

"Hmmm."

At my words, Charlotte looked in the mirror again and dried her hair.

After a while, Charlotte, her hair roughly dried, came and sat next to me.

She wears a white dress and slippers.

Charlotte, sitting next to me, leans her head against me.

I didn't say much, knowing that Charlotte would be very tired today.

"Interesting."

"......what?"

"Something I heard from Detto. It's been on my mind lately."

We're going to get married, that nonsense.

"When I first heard it, I was like, 'What are you talking about?' I mean, I know you're badly mismatched, and I think you're a nice guy, but honestly....... I've never been that interested."

"......So what."

"You're the champion of Tuan."

"......Yes."

"Identity? That doesn't matter anymore."

Champion of Tuan.

Being chosen by God makes you more special than anyone else in the world.

It's something different, something that can't even be compared to royalty.

"Emotions, I don't think it matters anymore."

I have special feelings for you, Charlotte says simply. It's a strange confession that doesn't really resonate because it's so mundane.

"I thought that prophecy was guaranteed to be wrong."

Now I wonder if he thinks it's weird that the prophecy didn't come true. I don't know what to say, so I just shut up.

"I still think it's wrong, but the reasons are so different than they used to be."

"......What do you mean?"

Charlotte leans into me and stares at me.

"I never intended to marry you or anything."

"......, right?"

Charlotte looks at me and smiles.

"But now you're telling me that even if I wanted to marry you, you wouldn't do it."

The words seemed to catch my breath.

It was so direct, I couldn't think of anything to say in response.

"You are of such a nature that even if the king issued a decree to marry you, you would run away."

"What the hell....... What do you want me to do......."

Before I could say anything else, Charlotte suddenly threw her arms around my neck.

The scent of Charlotte's hair, freshly washed, hit me like a ton of bricks.

"You don't have to love me, Reinhard."

"......."

"Promise me one thing, though."

I felt a bite at the nape of my neck.

Charlotte was crying now.

"Don't betray me....... Please don't betray me."

I don't want you to love me, so don't betray me.

What we can say.

I could go on and on.

He's saying, "I've given you this much, you're going to give me this much. Feeling betrayed, Charlotte is very vulnerable right now.

That's why they're asking me.

A promise not to betray.

You can do as much as you want.

"Of course."

But.

The moment you say that.

Already untruthful, I had betrayed Charlotte.

The farther away I got from Bali, the closer Charlotte seemed to get to me. And the moment she went beyond letting go of her resentment of Valerie to the realization that she had been completely used.

Charlotte seemed to have no choice but to cling to me even more.

My relationship with Charlotte only adds to my guilt.

Just as Charlotte is somewhat obsessed with me, I end up being obsessed with her.

A kind of obsession mixed with a sense of obligation, like I want you to be as happy as I am.

So as hard as it was to lie to Charlotte every minute of every day, I couldn't leave her alone.

And.

You're not alone in this room.

So, we have a problem.

-delay

"!"

"!"

"Ugh."

As Charlotte clung to me, Savior Tana returned.

"......."

Charlotte clung to me and froze, never looking back.

She opened the door and turned to stone with one frightening word.

I froze, too, locking eyes with her.

This is an easy situation to misunderstand.

No, it's not a misunderstanding.

Tana seemed to hate herself for opening the door without knocking, and Charlotte seemed to hate herself for jumping to conclusions.

For the first time in a long time, I can read the thought in Tana's expression.

"What did I see?

"Should I leave?

"No, I already saw it, but what if I leave?

"Should I dry it?

"No, what's the point?

"What did I say?

"What do I do?

Eventually, Tana turned and walked away, stiffly, as if nothing had happened, and slammed the door behind her.

-Dalcock

"......."

Charlotte pulled away from me.

After making some sort of confession to me, Charlotte blushed, surprising herself that it hadn't occurred to her that someone might see this.

"I, I. Now, well....... Well......."

"......Yes."

As if her soul had been sucked out of her, Charlotte staggered into her bedroom and quietly slammed the door behind her.

A while later.

-SmartSmart

There was a soft knock on the door.

"...... says there's only one guest room."

Sabiolin Tana sighed, looking like she didn't know what to do with herself.

No.

Did they go beyond avoiding you and try to sleep in another room?

Aren't you supposed to stop this from happening?

"I can't believe this happened....... What the hell am I supposed to do......."

It was clear that she had suffered more mental damage than Charlotte.

Lips quivering, she cautiously opened her mouth.

"That....... birth control is....... should make sure......."

No.

What.

What is this?

-click!

"No, no, no, no!"

The sound was so unexpected that I forgot to speak, and Charlotte, who had opened the door wide, blushed bright red and screamed whale whale.



* * *



Charlotte had retreated to her room, sleeping or pretending to sleep, and wouldn't be stepping out of her room today, while Saviolin Tana sat dazedly on the couch.

"What the hell am I....... What the hell are you talking about......."

It sounds like something a grown-up would say, but it was radical, that's for sure.

Sometimes words just pop out at you without you realizing it, and that's what just happened with Tana.

Blasphemous in some cases, for sure. Charlotte won't take issue with it, and I'm glad no one else did.

At this rate, Tana is going to be out of her mind for the rest of the day.

"It's a misunderstanding. Whatever you think."

"......, right?"

A room with only two people in it.

A man and woman embracing.

Can there be a misunderstanding in that situation?

He looks at me with that look.

No, I mean, I can think of all sorts of things, but that's not it!

"Let's just talk about work."

"Work? Ah....... Oh, yeah. Work."

Saviolin Tana seemed to have forgotten why she was even here. She coughed a few times.

"I heard about the underground search from the commander and....... I thought it was strange."

When I asked to talk about work, his demeanor immediately changed.

She unfolded the map she'd brought with her.

"We've explored five levels underground. There are storage rooms, prisons, armories, and large warrens where demons were bred and held. The facility is so large that the Demon Palace is actually larger underground than it is above ground."

The basement of the Emperor's Palace, which, judging by the map, was quite large.

"Most of the underpasses have already been explored and treasures have been recovered."

"Is there more down there? I thought you said the search wasn't over yet."

"Yeah, they were searching the fifth floor a few months ago and found a secret staircase that led down into the depths."

"There were six floors?"

"Right."

Where Savior Tana had covered up, a new door was drawn, not a circular staircase to the basement, but another circular staircase to the basement beneath it.

However, the bottom part of that circular staircase was not drawn at all.

"The stairs go all the way down here. They say you can go down for hours."

"......Yes?"

"But if you climb back up a few steps, you'll reach the fifth floor."

Saviolin Tana says with a stern look.

"Soon, it's a labyrinth from the sixth floor on."

Labyrinth.

"I don't know if there's a seventh, eighth, or even deeper level. Once we've explored the sixth floor, it doesn't matter if we draw a map, the structure keeps changing with each exploration, and no matter how many traps we dismantle, it seems to rebuild itself."

The commander had oversimplified.

The trap wasn't the problem, it was the labyrinth of not being able to get below the sixth floor in the first place.

"You deliberately oversimplified because you thought you'd be reprimanded by His Majesty. This subterranean labyrinth hasn't even been reported to the imperial court. In fact, it's safe to say that no exploration below the sixth floor is taking place at all."

"......I see."

"It's an understandable situation. The mages don't know what the magic in the Labyrinth is, and there have been too many casualties. The wounded are few and far between, and the dead are many."

It has recently been discovered that there is a labyrinth in the basement of the Demon King's Castle that is so difficult to navigate that you will be forced to give up.

The commander purposely didn't tell her about the labyrinth, claiming that the underground was dangerous. He was afraid that he would be reprimanded for not telling the empress about the labyrinth, or that he would be relieved of his duties. I can't help but think that this is an inspection in the first place. You'd think they'd take a good look around and then go home.

But we're here to explore, not inspect. That's why Saviolin Tana got the Commander to tell the truth, because she needs to know what's down there.

The underground labyrinths of an unidentified demon palace.

The structure of the labyrinth is constantly shifting and traps are regenerating, so there's no point in dismantling and moving forward.

So instead of pointlessly sending people into the maze and increasing casualties, the commander is biding his time, waiting for the order to withdraw. It's a dereliction of duty, but it's a dereliction of duty that the soldiers in the garrison are grateful for.

In the original story, of course, the labyrinth was never excavated. The commander would have tried to cover up the fact that the labyrinth even existed, and the imperial government would have ordered more soldiers to be sent in, which would have resulted in the injury or death of many soldiers.

I agree that human life is precious, but I don't think the Commander's head is going to be spared once Savior Tana finds out.

There is something about the Labyrinth that is certain. And we know it's connected to a secret space.

But that's the thing.

"It's too dangerous for me or you to go there yourself......."

It's too likely that I'll be stopped from going there.

Too many important people going to too many dangerous places.





