Episode 353.





To go to the labyrinth or not to go to the labyrinth.

The answer was surprisingly easy.

The next day.

"Let's go."

Charlotte's decision was made lightly when she heard about the Labyrinth.

"......, it's too dangerous."

Naturally, Tana shook her head and looked at Charlotte.

"If they were going to send someone else instead of me, I wouldn't have bothered to come all the way out here. I'm willing to take the risk."

Charlotte has a point.

If you're going to come all this way and have others do your work for you, you can just give orders from the Palace of Spring.

You're here to do it yourself.

"Still, we haven't learned that there are unreported labyrinths, so why not take the time to uncover them and then enter them safely?"

"Lord Tana, I'm not sure how much time I have left."

Tana bit her lip at Charlotte's stern words.

"It could take years to unlock the magic of the Labyrinth, and there's no guarantee I'll be safe in the meantime."

Charlotte looks at me for a moment.

"I'm not even sure how long Reinhardt's words can stabilize my condition, and I can't just sit back and wait for this power to consume me completely."

"Your Grace....... But there's no reason for you to go there yourself, and there's no reason to believe that there's anything in the Labyrinth that will fully resolve your condition. There must be something, but whether it's what you need is anyone's guess."

Saviolin Tana says, almost pleadingly. Charlotte stood still and looked at Saviolin Tana.

"Lord Tana."

"Yes, Your Highness."

"If I can't fully recover from this state, I might as well die."

"......Yes?"

Saviolin Tana muttered in disbelief, as if she had heard something unbelievable.

I'd rather be dead.

I know what Charlotte is thinking, and I clench my fists involuntarily.

"That child-no, the current Demon King-wanted to keep me alive by using the Qi to protect the soul of the ancestral Demon King, but also because if I died, the Demon King's soul would die with me, so if I died, the Demon King's soul would die with me."

So getting trapped and killed in a labyrinth is not a bad thing.

Charlotte says still.

"Your Majesty, what the hell....... what the hell are you talking about!"

"If it's for the good of the empire, it's not so bad if I die......."

"Hey."

I called out to Charlotte, finally unable to hold it in. Charlotte looks up at the sound of my voice.

He looked like he just realized what he was saying and in front of whom.

"If you say so......."

In a fit of rage.

Say.

"What am I?"

I risked my life to save you, and you say you don't care if I die. I might as well be dead.

"......Sorry. I'm sorry, Reinhardt."

At my words, Charlotte dropped her eyes and shook her shoulders.

Having been convinced of Valier's truth, Charlotte is further convinced that it is the Devil's spirit that has possessed her. If it wasn't, she couldn't save herself.

So, Charlotte is too late and comes to the natural conclusion that the demon may be resurrected in full through her body.

Might as well die before that happens, Charlotte thought.

But that was a terrible thing to say in front of me and Savior Tana, who had risked her life to save Charlotte.

Charlotte thought she had said something harsh and apologized to me and Tana over and over again.

"But....... I think I should go there myself."

However, the idea itself is bound to change.

If the demon is trying to resurrect through Charlotte's body, then it's right to die for the Empire.

That you have to take risks on your own.

Charlotte's thoughts come from a place of prioritizing the well-being of the imperial family and empire. You can't blame her for that.

We can't and shouldn't discourage Charlotte's thinking.

Charlotte's words were painful to hear, but I must enter the labyrinth.

Tana watched Charlotte as she did so, and then sighed deeply.

"He said that not everyone gets lost and dies or gets injured; a lot of people get lost for a while and find their way back."

There are injured, dead, and unaccounted for. But they don't seem to be the majority.

"You can go in there for a while and come out if it's dangerous."

In the end, Tana decided she couldn't break Charlotte's stubbornness.

It may become dangerous at some point, but it's not going to happen in the next few days. So you can take your time navigating the labyrinth while being prepared for danger.



* * *



Unsurprisingly, the garrison commander, Count Alfrid, became pensive at the mention of heading into the underground labyrinth.

"No, Your Majesty, you don't realize how dangerous it is to go there......."

"Okay."

But Charlotte cut the commander off mid-sentence with her cold demeanor.

"I think you're worried about what will happen to me if something happens to me in there, and of course you'll be punished if I go in there uninvited."

He can't stop her from going to dangerous places. So if Charlotte were to be in danger, or if she were to die, Count Alfrid, the head of the garrison, would have his head blown off.

So he has no choice but to stop her from heading into the labyrinth.

"But if you don't let me go, I'm going to make you pay for missing a report on the underground labyrinths of Demon Castle."

"!"

He's hiding very important information about the planet, and that alone is reason enough to get his head blown off.

If you don't let her enter the Labyrinth, she will die.

If she enters the labyrinth and dies, she dies.

Charlotte looks at the Commander and speaks briefly.

"So don't do anything stupid and pray that I come back safely."

There was nothing else the commander could do.

He could only stare at us in disbelief as we made our way into the underground labyrinth.



* * *



The morning after arriving at Mawang Castle.

After eating at the garrison, we headed out once again to Mawang Castle.

I could have enlisted the help of a wizard, but Charlotte's reaction was negative.

No one in the garrison knows the princess is here, except for the commander, and the Labyrinth is trying to solve a very important secret of Charlotte's.

There's no harm in having more people know about it, so we decided to keep it to just the three of us.

To reach the entrance to the underground labyrinth, you must descend to the fifth level via a circular staircase.

"It's overwhelming."

Saviolin Tana mumbled to herself.

First of all, the hallways and passageways were much larger than normal, the circular staircase was like a large building, and the underground space was large and spacious.

This is not your average building basement. One floor was so huge that you had to walk down a circular staircase to get to the next floor.

The search for the labyrinth had already stopped, so while there were soldiers underground, it felt more like they were killing time than searching.

It's not quite an underground city, but it's believed that the military forces of Ma Wang Castle actually lived here rather than in the outer barracks.

That's how big it was.

The circular staircase came to an end when I reached the fifth floor of the basement.

"It's going to be work to get this thing back up there."

Charlotte sighed as if she was exhausted just coming down. Me and Tana, of course, didn't mind.

The fifth floor of the basement was lit up and had bars.

"Is this....... prison?"

Charlotte shook her head as she looked at the various cages and the space inside them. Saviolin Tana looked at the map and shook her head.

"I don't think it was a prison, I think it was a stable."

At that, Charlotte nodded in agreement.

"So that's why they're different sizes."

"I think so."

"Then the demons that were here can be found at......."

"It is believed that most of them were mobilized during the siege, and that any that remained were disposed of."

"I see."

It reminded me of the procession of prisoners we saw coming out of Mawang Castle.

A number of demonic captives, including an ogre who broke his chains and rushed to help me escape.

It was not a pleasant memory, as the vast number of demonic prisoners, disoriented by the death of their demons, died, pinning all their hopes on me, the last of the demons.

I, for one, have nothing to do with the wishes of those demons.

I think this is correct, but.

I have betrayed Charlotte, and I will betray Sarkegar in a small way, and Darkland in a big way.

After passing through the beast pens on the fifth floor, Savior Tana studied the map and made her way to a small cage at the edge of the beast pens.

It was a small room that felt more like a prison than a beast kennel.

"This is......."

"Yes, the entrance to the labyrinth."

A relatively recently discovered secret door.

Through the open stone wall, I could see another circular staircase leading down.

Uncharacteristically for a palace of such magnificence, the stairwell leading down was probably just over three meters high, and barely wide enough for four people to pass through.

The circular staircase we had been descending had a railing and was open on all sides, allowing us to see into the underground space. But the circular staircase in front of us was blocked on all sides by stone walls.

It's a staircase you don't know where it's going, and you don't know when it's going to end.

On the walls of the circular staircase, magic lamps illuminated the steps with a pale light.

"Your Majesty, even if I go down there first......."

"You might get lost."

Saviolin Tana seemed to want to check the danger first, but Charlotte wouldn't let her.

"If we get lost, it's less scary to get lost together."

She might as well be dead, but she wasn't without fear, and Charlotte was trembling now.

The three of us took our first steps on the circular staircase to the labyrinth.

If it's just a labyrinth instead of the place you want to be, you've only gotten yourself into trouble.

I wonder how many steps down that was.

Saviolin Tana drooled.

"The entrance is already......."

The circular staircase continues downward, but an opening has already appeared on the right.

We were just on the fifth floor of the basement, so this must be the sixth floor.

The corridor was not very wide. The corridors were not dark, as they were dotted with magic lights at regular intervals.

And at the end of that hallway, there was a door.

However, we were met with a long, straight hallway.

The stairs aren't finished.

You can go further down, or you can enter this hallway and enter the labyrinth in earnest.

You can go down for hours, but when you start to climb, you'll end up back in the little kennel on the fifth floor that you just went down.

I'm not sure if there's something in the next passage, or the door at the end of that hallway.

Once you enter the labyrinth, you may never return.

Even the mages in the garrison don't know what the magic in the Labyrinth is, so bringing in a mage won't make any difference.

"Are you sure you want to go here......."

For Saviolin Tana, the choice was not an easy one. If she went in the wrong direction, she might not come out.

Charlotte gaped at the door at the end of the straight hallway.

"That door, it looks like it's begging me to open it, which is kind of off-putting."

"......I think so too."

The door at the end of the hallway.

I felt like I was walking into a trap, like I was going to walk into a trap. I couldn't help but think that because it was so obvious.

Charlotte ponders.

"I've come this far, but I can't not go."

It seems like an obvious trap to fall into, but it's hard not to.

Charlotte walked in first, followed by me and Saviolin Tana.



* * *



Being inside the labyrinth didn't seem to make much of a difference; I expected the terrain to suddenly change, or the exit to disappear.

"......It's a little more spooky because nothing is happening."

"Sure."

When I looked back, the entrance we'd come in through was still there, and there was no sudden change in terrain or splitting of the group.

"But let's proceed with caution."

Saviolin Tana pulled the scrollbook from her arms.

The reason I didn't call a wizard was because I already had something that could do the job.

"It's a trap detection spell."

-Flash!

The scroll glowed once.

"I don't think there are any magical traps being detected, but....... I'll be careful just in case."

No magical traps are detected, but there may be physical traps.

If detection magic was able to filter out all traps, there would be no mages who were trapped.

Soon, Saviolin Tana's body was covered in blue energy.

"Keep your distance from me and follow me."

"Yes."

With her senses maximized, she moved slowly ahead, keeping her eyes peeled in all directions. If it was some sort of physical trap, she'd be able to react before it was triggered.

Pay attention to your steps, walls and floors, and sounds as much as possible.

The straight corridor wasn't very long, but the time passed slowly as I took each step carefully.

"......I don't know if there are no traps or if I've already been trapped."

We didn't even realize it was a trap until we reached the end of the hallway and came to a door. Behind it was the same entrance we'd come in through. It looked like we could turn around and leave at any time.

Charlotte stares at the wooden side door in front of her, her face set in stone.

"Beyond this door might be the beginning of the real labyrinth."

It was just a door, a door that could be anywhere, with nothing special about it.

I wonder if Charlotte is right that if we open this door, what lies beyond might be the beginning of a real labyrinth.

Charlotte put her hand on the doorknob.

"Your Majesty. I have......."

"Nope. I'll do it."

Charlotte shook her head as Tana opened the door for her, just in case something happened.

Like you have to risk something too.

-delay

Charlotte grabbed the doorknob and opened it.

If you thought this was the beginning of the labyrinth, you were wrong.

"......?"

"Hmm?"

"......What is it?"

When I opened the door, there was a huge cavity.

No matter how you look at it, it's not a maze.



* * *



A labyrinth, if you can call it that.

The ceiling of the great hall was illuminated by a giant magic lamp. We moved into the space, still and wary.

You can't call this open space a labyrinth.

"This is....... What is it?"

Charlotte muttered idly as she looked around. The hollow wasn't empty.

On one side of the very large room was a magic circle that seemed to be drawn on the floor.

There was a weapons rack in the corner with spears, swords, dao maces, and other armor, and a few scarecrows nearby.

"I haven't heard of anyone ever reaching that space."

The cavity wasn't the only thing that was lumpy.

Throughout the circular cavity were passageways that seemed to lead to other places.

When I looked, there was no door, but a clear view of the interior.

I thought I knew what was going on.

We're not in a labyrinth.

It didn't go through the labyrinth, it went straight to the secret room. We don't know how the labyrinth works, but it must have reacted to me or Charlotte.

It's clear that the Labyrinth doesn't have an exit in the first place, and that only an Archdemon can come straight to this place and not the Labyrinth.

Passageways cut into the cavity led to rooms that served different purposes.

We moved slowly, checking out the rooms one by one.

What appears to be a bedroom.

What appears to be a kitchen.

Library.

Arsenal.

A room with tons of unidentified potions.

Plots that appear to be capable of growing plants.

A repository with reagents.

A giant food warehouse.

"What the hell is this....... what is this?"

Charlotte and Saviolin Tana didn't seem to know what this place meant.

But.

I thought I knew what this place was.

This is the bunker.

The question was answered.

In Bali, before I was possessed, it must have been on its way here.

This labyrinth would not have been known to the imperial family in the original story due to the Commander's insistence.

No, it doesn't matter if you're known to the imperial family.

It's not a labyrinth in the first place.

Whether you reacted to Charlotte or me, this place is unreachable unless you come with an Archdemon.

In other words, this bunker is safe.

All the big assumptions you've been making have come crashing down.

In the original, if Valerie came here.

In Demon Kingdoms.

Valerie Jr.

It wouldn't have died.





