Episode 354.





In the underground labyrinth of Demon Castle, it was a bunker.

"Your Majesty....... Apparently, we're not in a labyrinth."

"I guess so. I guess....... I don't know if I'd call it an exit, but I'm pretty sure I went straight to a place beyond the labyrinth."

Tana and Charlotte seemed to realize that this was the real destination. That's to be expected, this place isn't exactly a labyrinth.

"Perhaps the reason we ended up here is because....... Labyrinths only lead to the right places for demons in the first place."

"Your Highness......."

Tana looked sadly at Charlotte, knowing what those words meant.

"I'm....... I guess I'm practically a demon right now."

I don't know if she was responding to me or to Charlotte.

However, there is a path in the labyrinth that only the Archdemon can see, and it leads us straight to our destination without getting lost in the maze.

Charlotte places her hand on the wall of the bunker and looks around.

"When you think about it, I'm not even sure if this space is actually the equivalent of the sixth floor of a demon castle."

If the labyrinth is actually six levels underground, you can probably get to it by simply drilling down from the fifth level.

"It's entirely possible that the entrance to the secret passage was simply a passageway, but if it's functioning as a portal, we're not on a demonic planet, but in some other dimension entirely."

It was entirely possible, however, that Tana was right, that this was actually a place far, far away from Demon City.

Teleportation wasn't available on the Demon Castle, but it's possible that it had a limited number of warp gates installed.

We don't know how this will work in practice.

The point is, though, that if any point in the secret passage functioned as a portal, there was a pretty good chance that it would be a way to blow the hard guys into the Labyrinth and send the Archdemons to the right place.

But in the end, principles don't really matter to us right now.

We've arrived at the secret chamber of the Demon Castle.

"Should I say refuge....... I guess."

"It looks like it."

This huge space was used to store large quantities of permanently preserved food in the pantry.

The equipment for training was piled high with magic and weapons, as well as reagents and plants for alchemy.

I was looking around this bunker with an eerie feeling in a different sense than Charlotte and Tana.

It's a place where you can live alone for a very long time. At the same time, it is equipped for training.

The books in the library were mostly spellbooks by the looks of it.

In Bali, they would have tried to get here, and they would have gotten here.

In the original, Valerie would have been alive. In this very bunker.

It had a very ominous ring to it.

Valier Jr. would have been vengeful upon seeing the destruction of Darkland.

Could it be that this was the place where Valier gnashed his teeth and trained to take revenge on the humans?

If yes.

Is the culprit behind the gate neither Cantus Magna nor Akasha, but Bali?

If I'm the one who caused the gate, what's the point of everything I do?

Isn't doing nothing the right thing for the whole world?

But.

Nothing is known.

We know that Valier was alive at the time of the original story, but there's no evidence anywhere that he caused the Valier Gate incident.

If you do nothing, you'll end up with a gate, which is what happened with Cantus Magna and Akasha.

But what if they're irrelevant? What if I'm just touching something wrong and it's causing a gate?

In the original, Valier would have been incompetent. My physical data at the time speaks for itself.

How is it possible for a guy with a vendetta to study for two years and then become a mage powerful enough to cause a gate crisis?

I'm growing at an unrivaled pace, so to think that Valerie could have grown faster than me, that's impossible?

My head felt like it was going to crack.

I've never been more afraid of not knowing the future.

"If only the devil could enter this place, then the current devil could have entered it."

While I was struggling with a completely different problem, Tana was struggling with her own.

"But why didn't you come here....... I don't know."

Ready bunker.

I didn't know this place, so I couldn't come.

"He must have decided that it was more important for the Ancestral Demon to survive than for him to survive."

This has its own reasons.

He saves Charlotte because it's better to resurrect an already powerful demon than to survive and grow stronger himself.

As such, the bunker remains in the Demon Castle, unable to welcome those who should have come. Charlotte looks around the bunker, examining each room.

"Well, it doesn't look like there's a ton of treasure there, maybe because it's a refuge......."

I didn't find anything that looked like a special treasure. Still, there could have been some incredibly powerful weapons or artifacts stored for Valerie.

I do.

If it's a very powerful artifact, you should be thinking about using it to win the war. Stashing a powerful artifact here to save it for later is already an act of defeat.

It's understandable that no powerful artifacts are stored here.

The Demon isn't hiding here, so this bunker is for Valier, after all: a place for Valier Junior, who isn't useful in the fight right now, to get out of harm's way and grow up when the Demon is defeated.

Putting aside the question of how good Bali actually was.

Today, I am both a psychic and a warrior.

If Valerie is the mastermind behind Gate, she probably studied magic here.

If so, the place to check is the library.

If you have a spellbook in your library that involves a portal to the Otherworld.

Burn the spellbook.

Then everything I need to do is easily wrapped up.

A cold sweat broke out all over my body.

If this is the starting point of all your problems, you can end it all by burning a few books.

No more dabbling in dangerous things.

While Charlotte and Tana explored the place separately, I headed to the library, one of the many rooms in the commons.

That's what I was hoping for.

If the books in the library are written in a demonic language, it doesn't make sense for me to read them.

I wanted it to be in a common language so that when I read it, Tana and Charlotte wouldn't suspect me.

If you have a language problem, you'll have to come here on your own later, not now.

"......."

The library was quite large.

Luckily, it was in a common language, so I was able to read it.

The bookshelves were lined with very thick books, starting with primers and introductions.

I don't intend to study magic.

The book I needed to find was an otherworldly one.

And if there is, it would be nice to have something about the spell the Devil cast on Charlotte. We're still not sure if what happened to Charlotte was actually magic.

With so many bookshelves, it would take me a month to go through all the titles, and if the titles didn't hint at otherworldliness, I'd have to go through the content.

I wish I could come back with a guy who has some knowledge of magic.

Herriot is good, Elise is good, Lucinil is good.

This is Darklands.

In other words, it's entirely possible that the demons have their own magic or arcana that humans don't know about.

As I walked past the primers, other texts popped up.



[The Book of Salamandra].

[About Necromancy].

[Introduction to Conjuring].



Engagement.

I couldn't help but stop in front of the book.

It was a very thick book.

Regarding the soul.

A book on how to deal with spirits. I don't know if this is part of the normal magic system or if it's a demonic secret.

But if it was a demonic spirit inhabiting Charlotte's body, it had to have something to do with this marriage ceremony.

I took the book out carefully.

You won't recognize it when you get to the specific formulas, but you can read the introduction.



[Seokhon is the study of how to deal with the soul, and an understanding of the soul must come first if one wishes to master it.......]



There was a lot of talk about what the soul is, but it was written in so much pedantic rhetoric that I couldn't understand what it meant.

However, I soon got to where I wanted to be.



[Those adept at the art are able to do things that would normally be impossible, such as divide spirits that are naturally indivisible, manipulate the spirits of others, mix spirits with spirits, turn the living into ghosts, or take a soul and transplant it into someone else].

[It is important to note, however, that in order to do these things, you must also have a thorough understanding of the branches listed below].



"......."

Divide the soul.

It would mean giving away the soul of a being.

Incorporate a soul.

It would mean being able to mix the souls of different beings.

The Ancestor Demon Valier may have been a master of the art of courtship.

The demon Valier split his soul and put part of it into Charlotte.

It's clear that the magic used on Charlotte was derived from this branch of magic, which is known as enchantment.

I haven't checked to see if there's any otherworldly magic involved, but I did find another grimoire I needed.

One by one, I began to pick off the bookshelves the other offshoots of the Introduction that were listed in the footnotes of the Introduction.



* * *



There were more than half a dozen books on the subject. They were about three times as thick as an encyclopedia.

"This is....... What's all this?"

Tana and Charlotte stare at the books as I pull them out and start stacking them on the table in the communal hall.

"I think this is the magic that was used on you."

"!"

"Me, really!"

Charlotte's eyes widened as she looked at the books that had begun to pile up, the primers among them.

"섭혼......술?"

"Yeah, I don't think we have any artifacts here, but we do have a bunch of magical grimoires."

In order to grow Valier, powerful magic and other magical visions were placed in the library.

There is no treasure here, but the real treasure is the spellbook in the library.

There were other thoughts that flowed from that.

What if the art of betrothal is a magical system that humans don't know about, and what if the things in that library are arcane and forbidden liquors used by demons, including demons.

You might be able to bait them to draw out the Cantus Magna.

Whether that's something you should do or not is something you should think about.

Tana and Charlotte aren't wizards either, but they've started reading the introductory sections of the primers I've seen.

It's clear that they are increasingly feeling what I was feeling.

"A magical system for dealing with spirits......."

Charlotte's fingertips were twitching, and Saviolin Tana seemed to doubt her own eyes.

Soon, Charlotte had gotten to the part about what she could do if she mastered the art of seduction, and she shut up.

"Found this....... This is....... This is it....... It was this......."

That's no small amount.

But if you can get a royal wizard, or anyone, to master this art of seduction.

Charlotte's condition is likely to improve.

If it does.

Even if my identity is later revealed, Charlotte will think I didn't help resurrect the devil.

"Go, go....... Thanks, Reinhard."

Charlotte shivered and gingerly hugged me, and I hugged her back.

Charlotte will get better.

However.

With the new problem of surviving Bali, I was never at ease.



* * *



There was no treasure in the bunker, but there were books lying dormant.

The magic of the Darklands, or the Demon King.

There were some common spells, but there were also some that were forbidden, and there were some that just had the name of the spell on them without any indication of what it was. Of course, that's probably because I'm not very good at magic.

"This is....... My problem is a problem, but it's a great discovery."

Charlotte decided that the real value of the bunker was in the library, and she was right. I, Tana, and Charlotte entered the library and flipped through the spellbooks on the shelves.

"It would be a good idea to bring the royal wizard along at a later date, of course....... It would be a hassle for His Majesty to have to come back himself."

Charlotte can only reach the bunker if she comes in person.

And that would be true. However, Charlotte and I will be able to enter the bunker. If we come back with an expert in magic, we'll have a better idea of the value of the spellbooks here.

"For now, let's just take the books on enchantment, because we don't know what will happen if we release too much dangerous magic into the world."

"Yes, Your Highness."

Rather than recklessly retrieve the spellbooks, Charlotte argued, we should be cautious about releasing the dangerous spellbooks of the Devil's magic into the world.

That's a better choice for me, too.

If the spellbooks in this library were to be transferred to the Empire in their entirety, they would be out of my hands. These spellbooks are important for their magic, but for me they are bait for any future contact with Cantus Magna.

Just as Antirrhinus was able to contact Cantus Magna because he had a large number of spells, I will be able to use these spellbooks as bait to contact Cantus Magna.

So, with the exception of the books on bewitchment, these spellbooks are here to stay.

We don't yet know if Valerie was the cause of the gate or not.

Good or bad.

There were no grimoires for otherworldly magic, at least not ones that could be recognized by their titles.

This makes it a little less likely that Valerie was the cause of the gate.

The look on Charlotte's face as she scanned the bookshelves was haunting.

"If I go back to my original state, I'll never come to this place again, right?"

"I don't know about that, but....... I'm guessing that's probably the case."

If we remove the demon's soul, of course, Charlotte can't go through this labyrinth that only opens up to the demon.

"Then, retrieving these grimoires will have to wait until after the demonic spirit is removed from my body."

That you can get out of a soul-crushing situation.

The look on Charlotte's face when she realized the clue was there was so much happiness that, for a moment, I thought all my worries were gone.





