Episode 356.





Reasons for not participating in the Miss Temple contest.

Still, Olivia's demeanor had changed, and she looked down at Ellen with a cold stare.

"What are you supposed to do with that?"

"I was wondering."

"So why do I need to tell you that?"

Olivia could barely fit through a needle, and if she asked any more questions, she was going to stab Ellen.

Live.

Ellen was really feeling Olivia come alive now.

"There's no reason to know, and it's not like you and I are that close."

"Didn't you tell Reinhard?"

So Adriana's in a Rotary club that's connected to Reinhardt.

At Ellen's reasonable suspicion, Olivia pulled her into the room.

-click!

Stumbling into Olivia's room, Ellen found herself pressed against the closed door, meeting Olivia's gaze.

"Yes, Reinhardt knows, but why do you need to know?"

"Leviathan is dead."

"......."

Ellen looks at Olivia.

"And that day, your whereabouts are unclear."

"So what. Are you saying I killed him or something?"

"I didn't say that."

Reverie Lance was attacked by demons and killed.

"I just need you to make me think that I'm making a ridiculous suspicion and that it's true."

If it's a lie, it's a plausible lie.

Why you and Adriana were back in the Royal Class dorms so late that night, and why Adriana was staying at the Rotary Club instead of the monastery.

I wonder if it's a coincidence that Leviathan Lance died on the day of your deed.

Why you lied.

Why you have no choice but to lie.

All you have to do is tell a story that ties them together plausibly.

However, it's not something you can make up on the fly.

Olivia pushes Ellen against the wall and looks down at Ellen, who stares at her, still and fearless.

"If I kill you, Reinhard, you'll never see me again."

"......."

Even at the word death, there was no fear in Ellen's expression.

Olivia's fingertips tremble.

You could go to the extreme, but then you'd lose the most valuable thing you have.

Olivia lost everything.

I didn't want to lose the last precious thing I had left.

The bumbling junior tries to grab him by the rear end.

It doesn't seem to have any intention of backing down. I don't know what he's thinking, but he seems to be making some bizarre assumptions.

If he puts his foot in his mouth, he puts himself, Adriana, and even Reinhardt in danger.

What to do.

Looking at Olivia, who seemed to be at a crossroads of confusion and extreme choices, Ellen spoke up.

"I'm no different."

"......."

"I hate you, but Reinhardt will be sad if you get hurt."

Ellen looks at Olivia.

"I wouldn't do anything to hurt you. I'm just curious about what happened that day and why everyone is lying."

They hate each other.

Nevertheless, neither Ellen nor Olivia will do anything to hurt each other because Reinhardt would be sad if they did.

So if I find out anything, it won't hurt you.

Olivia couldn't help but realize that the words were sincere and true.

Because of the strange effect the words had on her, Olivia couldn't quite look Ellen in the eye.

Shaking her head, Olivia says, as if she's about to throw up.

"Ellen."

"It's ......."

For the first time, Olivia called Ellen by name.

"Secret, I promise I'll keep it."

"I'll honor it, whatever it is."

We're not interested in Olivia's secret.

I wanted to know what Reinhardt's secret was behind it.

I didn't know anymore, and it was so hard to think and grieve alone.

"I was there."

"......!"

"Me and Adriana, we were there when the demons attacked."

Unreasonable vague suspicions.

Ellen was stunned to hear the truth of her outrageous suspicions, but the truth that surpassed them all.



* * *



Inside Olivia's room, Olivia sat in a chair and Ellen sat on Olivia's bed.

Olivia told me everything. Starting with why they were where they were at that moment in time, and everything that followed.

"The Five Great Houses....... Independence?"

"Yeah, I think that's what I was thinking. My foster parents were trying to blackmail me for the lottery, and they used Adriana's life as bait to do it, so that's why I was there."

Ellen listened in a daze, unable to believe what she was hearing.

Demon Paladin Attack.

Ellen wondered if Olivia might have had something to do with it, but she hadn't expected them to be there.

The vague similarities between the dead people, Olivia, and Adriana were enough to make him suspicious.

But what followed shocked Ellen even more.

"You got ......?"

"Yeah, I don't know why, but a winged demon saved me and Adriana, and then it left us far away and went off somewhere, and that was that."

"Why on earth would......."

"I'm the one you're most curious about."

Just as Ellen couldn't make sense of the situation, Olivia was still confused by it.

"Why I have to keep this a secret, you see."

"It's ......."

If anyone found out about this story, for whatever reason, they would be terribly misunderstood. He would be accused of being in league with the demons, and he would most likely be killed.

"Reinhard came to see me the next day. He asked what was going on, so I explained the situation, and he said....... He offered to help Adriana."

"...... I see."

Ellen felt uncomfortable with that statement.

Reinhardt seemed to know what was going on with them, or so he thought.

But as the story goes, Reinhardt had no way of knowing at that point.

Is it an illusion.

Just because you think you know someone doesn't mean you really do.

So the feeling he got from Reinhardt that day must have been an illusion.

If so, Reinhardt's absence from the Miss Temple pageant that day had nothing to do with Olivia.

In fact, the suspicion that Reinhardt is the devil is not even in the realm of normal thought.

Reinhardt visited them the next day and talked to them for the first time in a long time, and when he realized what had happened the day before, he left Adriana in the care of the Rotary Club to protect her.

Adriana wasn't completely lying after all.

It's true that you can't go back to the monastery.

A newly discovered problem.

Attack of the Demons.

Olivia and Adriana were there, and the demons had somehow saved them.

Why?

"Why did the demons need to save the two seniors?"

"......I don't know."

Olivia frowned.

"Well, we must have been pitiful."

"Is that ......?"

"So, do you think demons are necessarily bad and evil?"

Olivia was terribly disappointed in humans. That's why she gave a shit about the humanistic mindset.

"It's possible that demons are better than humans, isn't it? There are plenty of humans who are far worse than demons and devils, like my foster father, who is already dead."

Olivia says with deep disgust and contempt.

It's a dangerous line to walk, as someone could be accused of advocating for the devil just by hearing Olivia say it.

Demons are evil.

It is evil and must be destroyed.

It's a big deal among humans, and it's undeniable common sense.

It's natural to hate your enemies and make them unacceptable, and that kind of hatred is infinitely recreated and spread among people even if you don't intentionally encourage it.

Demons are enemies.

Thus, the common belief that demons are evil is bound to arise.

There's a human instinct to categorize enemies as something you can kill or something you must kill.

Olivia and Ellen were also people who could be somewhat free of that common sense, but not completely free.

However.

Olivia was almost the only person in the Demon War who thought that demons might actually be good.

"Do you know why the last demon attack happened, not this one?"

"No."

Olivia was disappointed in the humans.

I don't even know what makes humans better than demons.

Now, I'm starting to think that demons might actually be better than humans.

"You do realize that it was the Crusaders who were attacked then, right?"

"Yes."

Olivia crossed her arms and narrowed her eyes as she stared out the window.

"The Allies distributed the surrendered demon prisoners and tried to auction them off on the black market."

"......Prisoners? Why?"

Ellen had no idea how to distribute the prisoners, or why she should.

"To use them as slaves. There are demons that look like humans. Some of them are....... succubus, incubus, and other ugly demons. I'd cut off their horns and destroy their magic circuits. If they were human, we'd turn them into cripples and then enslave them."

"ah......."

"That's how the Imperials and Empires distribute their prisoners, as well as the Crusaders and the Great Houses. They say it's for research, but that's just an excuse, and I'm sure I don't have to explain how they plan to use them."

When Olivia says she doesn't even want to talk about it, Ellen nods blankly.

"The demon raid wasn't about attacking the Crusaders, it was about the demons rescuing their prisoners, and while they may have been wounded, the demons didn't kill any of the Crusaders."

A raid to rescue demonic prisoners.

Demon captives were distributed among all groups to be used as slaves.

"What was rescued there was only a fraction of the demonic captives, and I'm sure the empires and empires, the royalty and nobility, are using them in dirty ways, paying lip service to the fact that they're enemies, that they need to be killed, when in reality they're stuffing their dirty desires up their backside. Isn't that disgusting, isn't that dirty?"

"......."

Olivia's exasperated tone left Ellen speechless.

"Yeah, well, whether he's resurrected or has an heir, in the end, that demon guy just couldn't stand to see his ruined country's people treated like that, and he did it with less than a handful of demons, and the paladins didn't hurt anyone. I think that's a greater act from a demon."

"Senior. Stop."

As Olivia's words grew more and more radical, even to the point of advocating for the Darklands, Ellen gently took her hand.

There's no reason to do this.

If Olivia's behavior is fine in front of herself, but when she does it in front of others, it's really dangerous.

Olivia looked at Ellen with wide eyes, not expecting Ellen to act as if she were patronizing her.

"I think I know what you mean."

"......Yes."

Olivia took a few deep breaths to calm her emotions.

"That's what the devil said, the one who saved me."

Olivia mumbled to herself, thinking back to that time.

"Man, how wicked are you."

With those words, the flying demon appeared, killed the paladin holding Adriana, and fled the scene, taking Olivia with him.

Suspended in the air, Adriana could see the demons casting mass destruction spells on the wastewater plant.

"Maybe you weren't planning on attacking, maybe you were just going to watch, but you heard it all, you heard the stories that went back and forth, the threats that you'd use my foster daughter to restore my honor, that you'd use the life of a nun who wasn't even a priest yet, that you'd kill the people I cared about until I gave in, over and over and over again."

Olivia would rather believe that the demons who saved her are better than humans.

Seeing a nameless order doing obvious injustice.

Maybe I just couldn't stand all the wickedness, malice, and injustice.

"So I don't think they were trying to raid a nameless order, I think they were spying, saw what was happening, and raided to save me and Adriana, and I'm even thinking about this ridiculous theory."

They may have raided to save Adriana and Olivia.

As a result.

She may have been wrong about some parts of the process, but Olivia's reasoning was very close to the truth.



* * *



Are demons really good or evil?

With the disgusting stories of demon captivity and the truth behind the two previous demon raids, Ellen doesn't know what's what.

I was so overwhelmed by what I heard from Olivia that I had to forget about Reinhardt's problems.

Reinhard tries to help Adriana, which is why she's at the Rotary Club instead of the monastery.

They were rescued by the demons.

From the correlation of the stories, Ellen could not deduce the more frightening truth. The distance between truth and truth was too great, and she couldn't make the connection.

We now know for sure why Olivia didn't participate in the Miss Temple contest.

He wasn't in a position to care about that, even if he thought he was.

Olivia was annoyed that Ellen had told her a secret that not many people should know, even if she did have a clue.

You know that Ellen will keep the secret, but you've just told someone who doesn't like dangerous secrets.

"I have to keep a secret."

"I'm not the kind of person to make this a weakness."

Ellen doesn't like Olivia, but she doesn't end up hating her to the point of wanting to kill her.

Aside from the repercussions of getting the word out, Olivia and Adriana could indeed be accused of being demonic informants and executed.

Reinhardt might be guilty of it, but even if he wasn't, Ellen had no desire to exploit the secret.

Ellen's words made Olivia's brow furrow.

"What? So I'm that person?"

"...... I didn't say that, why, are you stabbed?"

"No! I'm not that person!"

"That sounds about right."

"No?"

Olivia's face flushed red and she scowled at me for yelling at the wrong time.

Exasperated, Olivia crossed her arms and grumbled.

"Anyway, you're lucky I wasn't there so you could have been Miss Temple."

"......."

If Olivia had actually competed in the Miss Temple contest, there's no telling what the outcome would have been. But for Ellen, Miss Temple was probably a good thing.

To be fair, it wasn't a great memory.

In the end, I didn't get to show the people I wanted to show the way I wanted to show them.

"So, do you like it?"

"What is it?"

"Was it good to win Miss Temple?"

Olivia's words make Ellen glare at her.

Now, are you teasing me?

Me asking him what it was like to win the Miss Temple contest without Reinhardt.

"What did Reinhardt say?"

But to Ellen, Olivia's demeanor didn't seem like that of someone who was teasing.

It's a look of envy. It's the kind of jealousy that makes you wonder what Reinhardt would have said to you when he saw you all dolled up and crowned Miss Temple.

Ellen looks at Olivia and realizes.

"He didn't come."

"Huh?"

Olivia doesn't realize that Reinhardt didn't come to the Miss Temple contest.

"Reinhard, he's not here."

"......?"

Olivia couldn't help but panic.

Olivia naturally assumed that Reinhardt had gone to the Miss Temple contest. She told him to wait in his room to do something for her.

He was forced to run away when he received a letter from Leverier Lance.

"No. Why?"

"How do I know that?"

Ellen reacted nervously to Olivia's question. Just as she hadn't been able to attend the Miss Temple pageant, Reinhardt hadn't been able to attend the Miss Temple pageant.

"Why didn't he come?"

"......I don't know."

If you don't know, do you just not know? Do you not want to know?

Olivia thought Ellen's answer sounded strange.

"You didn't ask?"

"It's ......."

It's an obvious question.

It's fair to ask why they didn't come. It's a fair question to ask.

But Ellen didn't ask Reinhardt why he hadn't come. She knew he wouldn't answer, so she forgave him without asking. I'm still not sure if that's a forgiveness or not.

I moved on.

Olivia looks at Ellen with her mouth slightly open.

"Wow you....... Are you a good guy or an asshole......."

"Well."

Reinhardt didn't attend the Miss Temple contest. And Ellen never asked him why he couldn't attend.

Olivia now knows that Reinhardt is involved with a strange organization called the Rotary Club.

Reinhardt has Reinhardt secrets, and sometimes things happen that can't be helped. Perhaps this is an extension of that. Olivia can only vaguely guess.

His frustration, of course, is that Ellen knows more about Reinhardt than he does.

So the idea of a relationship where you can't ask for secrets that you can't tell, but you can't tell them, was offensive to Olivia.

Of course.

Olivia looks at Ellen, whose eyes are downcast as if she's thinking back to the Miss Temple contest.

"I don't know what else......."

Olivia looked at Ellen and gave her a warm smile.

Thinking about Ellen waiting for someone who never showed up, Olivia felt sad, angry, and sorry for her.

I had a lot of mixed emotions.

"You're an asshole."

Of course, at the end of the day, it's a crap shoot.

"Shut up."

"Can I cry? No, weren't you crying in the first place? I would have cried if I were in that situation, because I would have been so sad and frustrated."

"Shut up."

Ellen grits her teeth and glares at Olivia.

Again, I hate this guy.





