Episode 357.





Imperial Emperor Emperatos, Ministry of Magic Research Library.

The sheer volume of magical research housed in the Ministry of Magic was such that he wondered if he would ever see it in his lifetime.

Despite the fact that it is limited to one area of dimensional magic.

However, access to the Imperial Ministry of Magic is more than just being able to drop in and out of the library that houses the priceless texts.

I was able to call on expert wizards who had already understood and embodied all of these books to help me make sense of the content, and who could provide concrete research references for abstract questions.

Herriot was studying to be an emperor.

"The imaginary dimension?"

"Yes, Your Highness."

And so, for the first time in a very long time, Herriot realized that he was actually a nobleman, and a very high one at that.

At the Temple, she's berated by a rag-tag bastard, but that's who she is. The research wizards of the Imperial Ministry of Magic, a position of great authority and power, address the Grand Duchess as "Grand Duchess" and "Grand Duchess," and tell her what they know as best they can, fearful of offending her.

Of course, it's a bit of a stretch to say that there aren't any raghead beggars.

For starters, there's a prince and a princess in the class, as well as the prince of Cernstadt in Duchess Youngae.

In some cases, it is forbidden by school rules to take a picture of someone based on their identity, and even if it is, there are other classmates who are more powerful than you.

Goro.

For the first time in a long time, Herriot was studying with a sense of noble pride.

At the mention of this, Herriot shook his head.

Imaginary dimensions.

This was a response to me asking for clarification on something I didn't understand about the warp gate system.

"For example, the shape of a dimension that doesn't actually exist but is assumed to exist."

"Hmmm....... doesn't exist, but you're assuming it does?"

"Yes."

"Why do we even need that concept?"

In response to Herriot's question, the Research Wizard slowly begins to explain.

"Bi-directional one-time dimensions don't need that concept because they're structures that you activate once and then close after a period of time, but the warp gate system is a shared scheme for persistent multi-directional dimensions."

The researcher drew with a pen on a piece of paper on the table, as if to simplify understanding.



[gate - gate].



"With a structure like this, it's easier to make it a one-off - there's no reason to set up the concept of an imaginary dimension. Aside from the complexity of the magic itself, isn't the construction itself simple - there's only one connection between the gates?"

"I suppose so."

"But if there are three gates, how many paths will there be between them in total?"

"Three, right?"

If we have three gates, gates A, B, and C, then there are three connections between each gate: A-B, A-C, and B-C. The order of the gates is irrelevant because the connections are bi-directional.

"What if it becomes four?"

"Six, I think."

In that way.

"The more the number of warp gates, the more the number of paths will grow exponentially, right?"

"I suppose so."

"Not all warp gates are necessarily connected this way, but there are over two hundred thousand pathways between gates by themselves."

"......That's a lot."

Herriot hadn't realized the connections between the warp gates were that strong, so he couldn't help but gape slightly at the researcher's words.

"The warp gate system is the largest magical system in the history of the continent, so we needed a shared spatial awareness of what routes to set up permanent portals and which gates to connect to where, so we created a virtual map of the imaginary dimension."

A virtual map.

If you create a portal for yourself, you don't have to share it with anyone. It's your own magic, and it's a one-off.

The Warp Gate system, however, is a collaborative effort by many wizards.

Having the same map or blueprint in everyone's head means that they can add or modify things to the warp gate system, and that's what we call an imaginary dimension.

An understanding of the hypothetical map or blueprint of the imaginary dimension that researchers have been building.

An imaginary dimension that does not exist but is envisioned to exist.

Understanding it is the first step to accessing the magic of warp gates.

"This is the last updated map of an imaginary dimension."

The researcher laid out a giant floor plan in front of Herriot that could have taken up an entire table.

It's not just a bunch of dots and lines.

The map was filled with complex strings, including the form and nature of each dimension and its connections, as well as their blocking, usefulness, and connection strength.

It's a map of something that doesn't exist, but it changed the course of human history.

Herriot's mind raced.

Otherworldly.

What is this otherworldly thing?

The researcher himself said that the imaginary dimension is a non-existent dimension.

"You're telling me that ...... isn't a dimension that actually exists, right?"

It's really just a fictional concept created to facilitate a common understanding between later wizards and modern researchers.

"Yes, because it's literally an imaginary dimension."

The researcher nodded in agreement with Herriot's statement.

"But then there's the other side of the coin that asks, can we really say that the imaginary dimension doesn't exist?"

"......What do you mean?"

"At the end of the day, a portal is a direct connection between space and space. You can have hundreds of portals, but at the end of the day, the fundamentals don't change."

It was something that Herriot understood.

"But isn't there an in-between space that we skip to connect the portals?"

"Space......?"

"We use a gate, but the gate itself is neither at the entrance nor at the exit, so it's being treated as a phenomenon."
The researcher rests his chin on his arm and looks thoughtful.

"But a gate means that you can only go through it, you can't touch it, you can't reach it. You can control it, you can control it, but the gate means that you don't know if the phenomenon itself is part of an alternate reality or not. It's in between. Warp gates aren't really skipping space, they're just going through some sort of interstitial space, and there are wizards who say that that space is actually a space that exists."

"Hmmm......."

Warp Gate.

While it can shorten space, the gate is an oddity that cannot be touched or reached from either the exit or the entrance.

We can use gate magic, but what is a gate, a substance or a phenomenon?

Are the sidewalks of space that you pass through when you cross the warp gate real or not?

It was clear that this issue was not yet clearly defined.

"It is often argued that the saturation of the system due to the permanent operation of the warp gate has warped the concept of dimensionality and created an imaginary dimension that is actually an imaginary dimension, but this is only speculation."

The researcher stares down at the map of imaginary dimensions.

"The point is, warp gate systems have proliferated far too quickly because they're convenient, and the risks of this large-scale magic have not been properly vetted."

As Herriot hinted at last time.

Warp gate systems are extremely dangerous magic, but their convenience has allowed them to spread very quickly without being properly vetted for risk.

That's why, even after all this time, warp gates are still a subject of debate among wizards.

Even more so in that no one could predict what kind of disaster it would unleash.

Also.

Herriot stared in awe at the vast virtual map in front of him.

"This map of an imaginary dimension....... can't be seen by anyone, right?"

"Sure."

The researcher says still.

"If it weren't for imperial permission, you wouldn't be able to see it, even if the Grand Duchess wanted to."

Though he may have been watching casually, Herriot is now privy to the Empire's most important secrets.

Understanding the imaginary dimension allows us to interfere with the warp gate system.

Soon.

If you want to use it for evil, you can use it for evil. This means that if Heriot understands the map of the imaginary dimension, and fully understands the Warp Gate system, he can tamper with the Warp Gate system as he pleases.

"Is it just me that thinks warp gates are too dangerous magic....... Is it just me......?"

"I think so, too."

The researcher sighed.

"However, the warp gate has already become indispensable to humanity."

Warp gates are handy.

So, it was a reality on the continent right now that even if people knew about the dangers of warp gates, they wouldn't go away.



* * *



After collecting the books on the art of seduction, Tana, Charlotte, and I returned to the ecliptic.

I told the commander that we found nothing in the labyrinth. I simply told him that we had returned safely.

The spellbooks were already in the saddlebags strapped to the horses, so no one saw what we found.

We've decided to keep the underground labyrinths of the Demon Castle a secret.

It was a case of being sure about something I wasn't sure about.

Charlotte's body is inhabited by a demonic spirit.

Charlotte's current state is that of an archdemon.

The Demon separated his soul and fused it with Charlotte's through the art of betrothal.

To see if there is a way to separate them, Charlotte will have her trusted royal wizards analyze the spell and find a way.

"Great work, Reinhard. Thank you."

"......I didn't do anything."

I did nothing to help Charlotte myself. Tana and Charlotte were eager to get back to the palace and begin analyzing their new findings.

There was nothing I needed to do or could do to make it last longer.

Before I unnecessarily attracted anyone's attention, I parted ways with the two of them and went on my way.

I gained more than Charlotte did from this return to Demon Castle.

There was a bunker in the basement of Mawang Castle.

As a result, Bali would not have died.

And through the many grimoires there, you will be able to draw upon the Cantus Magna.

I learned a lot, but I also had a lot of questions.

What was Bali doing in the past? It is entirely possible that Cantus Magna and Bali had nothing to do with each other, that one or the other was involved, or that both were involved.

I wonder if Bali would have tried to contact Cantus Magna the way I do now?

Let's say.

Valier made contact with Cantus Magna, using his many magical powers as bait.

And Cantus Magna used his magic to complete the Akasha, and he did something with it. That's what happened with the Gate.

It's a leap of faith.

But I can't be sure it won't.

And a bit of a bummer.

Engagement.

There was definitely talk of a fusion of souls there.

Charlotte's probably the one who got hit.

Lucinil said he wanted a soul.

Is it possible that the answer to the question of how to give a soulless being a soul may lie in the art of conjugation?

Charlotte was my first thought, but after I calmed down and thought about it, I realized that Betrothal might be just the magic Lucinil needs.

But for now, all the magic around the art of seduction is out of my hands.

If you can figure out how to reverse Charlotte's condition, will you be able to get the spellbooks back?

If I get it back, what will I use as an excuse?

I didn't feel like it was a rash decision, but I wish I could be of some help to Lucinil as much as she's been of help to me.

The underground labyrinths of the Demon Castle.

Bunker.

I'll have to share that with Lucinil and the collaborators and decide what to say about Cantus Magna as well.

With those thoughts in mind, I returned to Temple.

"Uh, hey."

Back at the Royal Class dorm. In the lobby, Ellen was glaring at me.

You're back.

"You're the one who came."

Ellen looks at me with a fat face.

"Where have you been?"

"Uh......."

Another secret.

Ellen gave me a look of resignation, like she was asking a question and not really wanting an answer.

It takes courage to even ask because you know what not to expect from me, but the look on her face is one of acceptance that it won't do any good.

I think it's safe to say that we're done here.

This may be rude to Charlotte, but Ellen already knows that I'm helping her in some way because of the Emperor.

I looked around, made sure no one was listening, and whispered to Ellen.

"Well, I can't really say, because of the Charlotte thing."

"......ah. Yeah."

She didn't expect me to give her an answer, but she seemed very surprised that I did.

"It wasn't dangerous."

"Yeah. Okay."

Ellen looks up at me and says, in a slightly watery voice, "I'm sorry.

"Thanks for telling me....... Thanks for telling me......."

"......."

What the heck.

I felt a surge of emotion as I watched Ellen cry because she was so touched that I had done something for her, even though she hadn't really told me what was going on.

Feeling unnecessarily weird, I squeeze my eyes shut and look at Ellen.

"By the way, did you get home okay?"

"Oh, right."

Ellen seemed to suck in a breath, then grabbed my arm.

"I want to show you something."

"Huh? Now, wait a minute."

"Quick."

Ellen started dragging me along and going somewhere.



* * *



After a while.

I was dragged into Ellen's room and found myself staring blankly at the cloak she was wearing.

"What is this?"

"Lapelt."

Uh.

Well.

That.

Isn't that it?

"Cloak of the Sun God."

"Uh, yeah, that."

I had a brain freeze.

"Why do you have that?"

"I brought it from home."

Well.

That.

I don't think that's the way to say it.

"Why do you have that in your house?"

"I don't know."

Dizzy.

"My mom gave it to me because she said I might fight the devil."

I'm so dizzy!





