Episode 358.





Ellen was proudly claiming to have received the sun god's holy relic, just as she had received her lunch from her mother.

The situation was so ridiculous that it left me in a daze.

"And there was no Alixion?"

When I asked if there were any relics of Riter, the god of courage, Ellen brought her index finger to her lips and shook her head.

What is.

This is the kind of time when I'd be tempted to call it cute, but not today.

"I don't know. Maybe it was there, maybe it wasn't."

What the hell is she talking about?

"I thought you said you lived in the country?"

"Yes."

What the hell is a holy relic doing in a small town somewhere in Cernstadt?

"Why the hell is there a holy relic in a small town somewhere in Cernstadt?"

When I thought about it, I realized it was a no-brainer, so I just spit it out.

"I don't know, Mom and Dad just gave it to me and didn't explain anything."

A warrior and his sister.

I thought there might be some settings there, but it was obvious that there was some kind of ugly background.

Speaking of which.

He once told me that his family was powerful.

Was that a double-wire or something?

As I stood there speechless in disbelief, Ellen's mouth began to water.

"I want to know more. It's not that you can't tell me, it's that you really don't know."

It's not that he won't talk to you, it's that he can't," Ellen said wistfully.

You make me feel sorry for people.

"Oh, no....... You're not mad at me....... It's just that I don't understand it. Would you believe me?"

Rural village of Canchon (with two warriors).

I do.

It's a ridiculous setup in the original, so why not make it even more ridiculous now that it's fleshed out?

If anything, it's there to make things more interesting.

Anyway, Cloak of the Sun God.

On the collar of Ellen's cloak of flame, as with all holy items, there were words that only I could recognize.



[Immortalized by hatred].



Hate.

It was an eerie word, and I couldn't help but freeze for a moment.

I now know what the emblazoned sentences mean.

The inscription on the tiara.



[I will purify the world with my anger].



In my anger, I was able to unleash the true power of Tiamata.

You didn't have to be a priest to use holy power.

If so, hate.

Is the Sun God's cloak an object that responds to hate?

And another one.

I wanted to double-check that with my own eyes.

"Show me the comment ......."

"Yes."

At my request, Ellen summoned Ramen in her right hand.

Lament, the moon sword.



[It shall be wrought with tears].



Tears are sadness.

Lapelt, the cloak of the sun god.



[Immortalized by hatred].



And hate.

"Why the ......?"

Sadness and hatred.

Can the two coexist.

"I was just wondering how cool it would be to wear both."

"......?"

They should be able to coexist.

If I were you, I'd be able to elicit both emotions from Ellen at the same time.

With the new topic of Ellen's hometown, my imagination was growing ominous.

In the last Demon War, Ragan Artorius left some ramen for Ellen. I hadn't set any intentions for him, so I didn't know why he left the ramen for Ellen.

However, Ellen's hometown also had a holy relic, the Cloak of the Sun God.

You've left two holy relics behind, when one would have been enough, and you're about to fight a demon.

What the heck does Ellen's hometown do?

I'm guessing it's a secret society of some sort, after all.

Assuming that Ellen was too young to keep a secret, her parents didn't tell her the truth about the village.

He, too, told me that he brought it home with him, though I don't know if he'll tell anyone else.

I have an ominous feeling.

Cantus Magna.

Nowhere does it say that they only collect magic.

You may need a holy object in some sense, and indeed, holy objects are imbued with powerful, if not magical, powers.

Ellen's hometown is.......

It may be Cantus Magna.

Then.

What the heck am I supposed to do?

Ellen looks at me and says still.

"Hey, did you miss me?"

"......?"

It's so out of the blue that I can't help but stare a bit. As I stare, Ellen's mouth pops open.

"I, uh, missed you."

Ellen looks at me as if I'm not going to answer quickly enough.

You want to ask them something, but instead of asking, they want something else.

I don't know why they do this.

"You missed....... of course."

At my words, Ellenin Bashish laughed.

It was only for a moment, but it was a smile that made all my worries disappear.



* * *



Ellen has gained a new Relic, the Rapelt of the Sun God.

This makes him the only person on the continent since Lagan Artorius to hold two holy relics.

"You're better off keeping this a secret, it'll only bother them more if they know you have it."

"......Yes. I see."

Ellen seemed to think about it, and then summoned Rafelt back.

The Empire finds out where Lagan Artorius is from and admits Ellen to the Temple.

If we consider whether or not the Empire knows that Ellen's hometown is an unusual place, the odds are further tilted in favor of not knowing.

So if it was known that Ellen had brought the sun god's cloak from her homeland, there was a chance that the imperial family would pay unnecessary attention to it.

If it's Cantus Magna, it's best not to mess with it, so it's better that the Empire doesn't know about it, and if it's not, it's better to leave it alone, because it's a place that doesn't do any good.

In the end, Ellen's parents didn't tell her much.

Lagan Artorius hadn't originally set out for an adventure, but to find something. He learned so much about what was going on in the world that he decided he couldn't leave it the way it was, Ellen explained.

It's clear that Ellen's hometown doesn't interfere much in the affairs of the world. So it's likely that Ellen's parents weren't particularly supportive of their son going off to fight the devil.

A mysterious secret society and Ellen's hometown.

Despite the ominous foreboding, I couldn't help but make a mental note of it.



* * *



Ellen is back. With the Sun God's cloak.

Charlotte began researching ways to restore her condition using the conjuration technique she found in the Demon Castle bunker.

And Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

The next day. I asked Harriet to share her story of what she'd figured out so far.

"Imaginary dimensions?"

"Yes."

I couldn't help but shake my head as I listened to Herriot's explanation.

"It's a theory about a dimension that doesn't really exist, an imaginary map set up to maintain a warp gate system."

"......I don't understand."

"Whoa, you punk."

"......Suddenly?"

I couldn't help but be caught off guard by the barrel that came out of nowhere, and Herriot chuckled to himself, satisfied that he had fed me a surprise attack.

No.

But to come in at this time?

"No, but isn't that cheating, because if we're going to talk about magic, how can I not be a jerk?"

Herriot squeaked at my words.

"Did you say I'm a punk because I'm a real punk?"

"No I didn't call you stupid to mean you're stupid, I called you stupid to mean....... Uhm. Okay, sorry."

It's not my place to make fun of the bottomless pit.

"I'm going to explain it to you properly, so listen carefully."

Herriot began to explain.

She knew I wouldn't get it if she threw a bunch of jargon at me, so she broke it down to a level I could understand.

After listening to the explanation, it was surprisingly easy to understand.

It's a subway map.

Subway maps are drawn without regard to the actual distances and terrain between stations. As such, they are drawn for the convenience of the viewer, not the actual terrain.

The imaginary dimension is different in that it's for the designer, not the user, but it's not much different from a subway map in that it's a map that's meant to be viewed for its own sake, not for the sake of reality.

"Do you have any idea what I'm talking about?"

"Uh, I get it."

"......."

Harriet looked at me with a glazed look in her eyes that said, "That can't be right.

No.

I couldn't explain to him what a subway map was, so he got it right!

"In any case, this imaginary dimension doesn't exist, but there are a lot of formulas and spells that assume it does, so the mages involved in maintaining the warp gate facilities need to understand the imaginary dimension first."

The new concept of imaginary dimensions.

"Wait, so you're saying that once I get used to the whole false dimension thing, I can interfere with dogs and cows and warp gate systems?"

"......, so to speak."

At my ominous sound, Harriet muttered to herself, as if sensing an ominous premonition.

"That's the least of my worries, though, because even with an understanding of the False Dimension, interfering with the Warp Gate system is no easy task. Building the Warp Gate itself isn't that difficult, but interfering with its core operations seems to be limited to a select group of mages throughout the Empire."

It's not hard to build or operate a machine, but it's hard to mess with the machine's systems.

"So I've been told that only the elite of the elite, and a select group of Imperial mages, are authorized to interfere with the Warp Gate itself."

Everyone knows that warp gates are as dangerous as they are convenient, so the Empire had no choice but to keep them secure.

That said, it's also quite unusual that Herriot was able to access the concept of imaginary dimensions this time around.

And that was at my request, not Herriot's.

With the imperial crest, I have access to the Empire's top secrets. I don't need a credibility check when I saved the life of an empress.

"But there seems to be some disagreement among professional researchers."

"Grind?"

"I thought there were some people who thought the imaginary dimension might actually exist?"

"What?"

The words sent goosebumps all over my body.

"So I guess this is just an educated guess since it hasn't been professionally studied......."

With a narrowed brow, Harriet recounts what she heard.

"Where do gates actually exist?" I think it's because of this question."

"Where do you mean, isn't it right in front of you?"

"A gate is both an entrance and an exit, but it doesn't really exist in the space of an entrance or the space of an exit. It's somewhere in the middle, and the question is, where is that middle?"

Exists in both the exit and entrance spaces at the same time.

A gate is essentially two states in one space.

"So the gate that we see is actually in a different dimension, and when we go through the gate, we experience a little bit of a delay, you know?"

"......."

You definitely get a very brief sense of walking through a gate and passing something.

"And then there's this space that you pass through, which researchers call the spatial dead end, and even professional researchers don't know where it is."

Warp gates are being used, but even researchers don't fully understand the magic of warp gates.

"So what you're saying is that you've created a system of warp gates in an imaginary dimension, a fictitious dimension, and it turns out that it actually exists. We don't know if it's because there are more warp gates, or if it was always there."

Herriot looks at me with his arms crossed.

"So, I know this is all a bunch of bullshit and more speculation than research, but if there is an otherworld and it's an imaginary dimension, it's not going to be populated by people or anything like you want it to be, right?"

Dead ends in space.

Herriot's conclusion seemed to be that if there really is such a thing, it's just an imaginary dimension, a space of nothingness, and that there can be an otherworld, but there can't be an otherworldly existence.

"Anyway, nothing's certain, so I'll keep looking, but I'll probably only end up knowing more about this world and warp gates. I don't particularly want to be a warp gate technician."

He was explaining to her the uses and methods of the warp gate he had discovered, but what she would actually need to understand would require a higher level of intelligence. And it was clear that he was coming to grips with it very quickly.

"No fun?"

"No? Who says it's not funny?"

Herriot said, as if the prospect of having the Empire's best-kept secrets scooped up like sweets was something he was happy to do, and saw no reason not to.

She doesn't want to be a warp gate technician, but she's basically an honors student who thinks the more the merrier when it comes to magical knowledge.

"Anyway, I don't think the warp gate system has much to do with the otherworld you're wondering about."

No.

I actually felt like I was getting the strands right.

However.

There were so many clues, so many things going on, all with their own risks, that I wasn't sure where the real problem was.

Warp Gate.

Imaginary dimensions.

Cantus Magna.

Akasha.

Black Order.

Balie Jr.

Ellen's hometown.

There were so many clues scattered about, it felt like my head was going to crack. Herriot stood up from his seat, as if he had explained all that needed to be explained.

"I'm going to check out the Magical Research Society because they've made some progress, do you want to come with me?"

"Sure."

I followed Harriet out of the room, because nothing would be more satisfying than to finish either Power Cartridge or Moonshine this winter break.



* * *



As I left the dormitory and headed toward the Ministry of Magic, a familiar face stood at the entrance.

"......Sir?"

Herriot was surprised to see Mr. Effinghauser in his dormitory and greeted him.

I already knew that Royal Class teachers don't do much hanging out, even on vacation, so I wasn't surprised when he showed up.

As always, Mr. Eppinhauser, with his cold, impassive demeanor, looked at me and gestured with his chin to the outside of the dormitory.

"Reinhard, follow me for a second."

Herriot looked at me as if he was sorry to see me go, and whispered in my ear.

"I'll fill you in on the research society stuff later."

"Uh....... Yeah."

It's winter break, I don't have classes, what the hell am I doing?

Is this a problem with Saviolin Tana or Charlotte? They have returned to the Palace of Spring to study the art of marriage. They'll need me if Charlotte's powers go haywire, but for now, my research on the art is my priority.

Leaving the royal class dormitory, Mr. Effinghauser walked beside me.

Problem child instincts.

"Did I do something....... accident?"

I don't want to be called in by my homeroom teacher.

But you haven't gotten in trouble lately. The last time I got in trouble was with Oscar de Gradias.

Although not an accident.

Does attending a cross-dressing convention count as an accident?

I'm thinking about that.

"Why are you cross-dressing?"

"!"

I felt like my head was going to explode from the suddenness of it all.

No, was that really it?

Did Bertus say?

Or do you just know because you're a teacher?

Are these assholes in student government?

Mr. Epinhauser didn't seem to be criticizing, nor did he seem to be chastising.

As if they were just curious.

"That, that. That....... that."

Dr. Effinghauser watched me for a moment, then shook his head.

"Forget it. If that's what your walls are like, it's none of my business."

"Oh, no?! Standing, ramparts? That's not what it is, is it?"

It's crazy!

I'm gonna kill you for leaving the pageant! How long are you gonna keep this up?! Now that you've gained the talent to control magic, you want me to beat you up some more?

"If that's not a city wall, what is?"

"Oh, no. Oh, excuse me. That......."

At least then you have the lame excuse that it was all about the money!

"Forget it. That's not really what I'm asking."

"What? Then what......."

"Do you have the information about Cantus Magna ready?"

"!"

In a word.

The blood in my veins seemed to run cold.





