Episode 359.





When Dr. Epinhauser asked me if I had any information on the Cantus Magna, I had no answer for a while.

Effinghauser was a member of the Black Order. He didn't mince words. He seemed to be waiting for me to calm down, as if this was a surprise.

The Black Order saw me with the Lord Vampire.

It turns out that I'm not just a Temple student, and Rabbi Effinghauser has known that ever since Aaron Mede's death.

So, the black-robed person who was in contact with me at the time was actually EpinHauser?

I know it's not the right thing to be thinking about.

Was it you who called me a pretty boy?

Regardless, it felt like a knife in the back of my throat.

It's been a long time since one word from Mr. Epinhauser could have ended it all.

You may not have known until recently that I'm Valerie, heir to the Demon King, but with a vampire in my employ, it shouldn't be hard to deduce who I am in relation to the current state of the Empire.

My true identity has already been discovered.

Mr. Effinghauser, who has a setting called Patriot, left me alone.

What is the Black Order up to, and what do they want?

I realized the obvious truth: I didn't know the Black Order, any more than I knew the Cantus Magna.

There are many times when I've felt fear.

I've felt the fear of losing something, the fear of dying, all of those things.

But.

I was thinking that I could lose everything I held at any moment.

Fear coursed through my body as I realized that everything I already had could be blown away at any moment by a simple decision by the Black Order.

In a state of terror unlike anything I've ever felt, I stared at the EpinHauser.

"Why did you let me....... Why did you leave me alone?"

"We don't play fast and loose."

In the midst of all the normal classes, training, and festive rush, I could have lost it all.

The Black Order was watching me.

There's no way I'm not aware that I'm the next Demon King.

"Information about Cantus Magna. Do you have it?"

What are you going to do with me without it?

Do I take it by force, or do you threaten me by saying you're going to end my temple life?

We approached the Black Order as equals, and we didn't use honorifics.

But EpinHauser.

In front of this person, I somehow choke like a mouse in front of a cat.

He's not overbearing, and he doesn't try to berate or intimidate me.

He was just staring at me with a cold expression and calm eyes, just like the first time I met his eyes.

It was putting me in a state of endless panic.

What I can tell you right now, only one thing. The Black Order wants information about Cantus Magna.

"There is. It's called....... I don't know if you guys know it or not."

"I see."

On my end, I have the information they want.

And what I wanted was information about the portal to the otherworld.

"Unfortunately, we have no information or magic about portals to other worlds."

The Black Order doesn't know about the magic I want.

But the Black Order can force me to answer. Or I will be forced to reveal the whole truth and be prepared to leave the Temple.

Not because Dr. Effinghauser was a member of the Black Order, though that was always a possibility once the Black Order found out I was a Lord Vampire. But I had an uncanny conviction that they wouldn't choose that option.

"You have the information we need, but we don't have anything to give you."

If so, the transaction must be closed.

"Then let me ask you a question. We do not have the information you seek, but the Order is willing to cooperate fully with you if you provide us with information about Cantus Magna. Perhaps that will lead you to what you truly seek."

"......."

The Black Order is not aware of any otherworldly portal magic.

But you're saying you'll be on my side if I give you information about Cantus Magna.

"If I refuse....... What happens?"

Dr. Effinghauser stares at me.

"Nothing will happen."

"However."

"We'll be watching you."

That sent chills down my spine.

They know my real identity.

And you're just going to stand by and watch, never touching me, never revealing my identity, never doing anything.

What it is.

What does the Black Order want?

The end of Cantus Magna?

Or something else?

The Magical Order is a group indifferent to the affairs of the world, loyal only to their principles and purpose.

But if they don't get it from me, they're going to walk away.

What does it mean when you say you'll be watching me after that.

I am a demon infiltrating the Temple Royal class. The one who said he'd keep an eye on me regardless of the deal.

That, in itself, somewhat suggests that the Black Order is not a group that is indifferent to the world.

"The Black Order, what is it for?"

Dr. Effinghauser stared at me in silence as I asked my question, and then he spoke up.

"I haven't made a judgment call about whether or not I should tell you that."

You're not going to tell me.

"However, we have not yet judged you as an enemy."

They haven't decided if they're going to do anything about me because they're not a group that moves easily, but they're thinking about it.

The moment I made contact with the Black Order, I was already in their range. I was always prepared for this kind of danger. You can't just do safe things in a safe place.

They just didn't know that the truth was that Dr. Effinghauser was a member of the Black Order.

If I go after Cantus Magna with the Order, they will be on my side.

If I don't, they'll be watching me, and at any moment they may decide to label me as an enemy and eliminate me.

Hand of the Black Order.

Is it really right to grab this?

However, I had already figured out the identity, and I was surprised that it was Mr. Effinghauser who found out, but I was prepared for the situation.

However, you can make any number of unidentified allies.

An ally with unknown intentions is no reason not to accept them.

This is not a situation where we can wring our hands. The clock is ticking, and the gate is closing.

If they're joining hands with me, they must be doing it to spy on me. Otherwise, they wouldn't be talking about watching me.

"Okay, let's work together."

For now, we'll work with the Black Order to track down Cantus Magna.

Later, later, later.

After a verbal but important deal is struck, Dr. Eppinhauser looks at me, his face still serious.

"Okay, I'll ask again."

"......Yes."

Do I have to tell you the secret about Cantus Magna?

But what if the Black Order is just going to listen to the information and say I don't know?

Dr. Effinghauser asks me.

"Why the hell are you cross-dressing?"

No.

Seriously, stop harassing me!



* * *



Dr. Effinghauser and I went for a walk in a less than leisurely mood.

Mr. Effinghauser never asked why I needed magic to open a portal.

The settings I wrote should be true.

Mr. Effinghauser is a patriot, that's a fact.

So, if there is a connection between Effinghauser being in the Black Order and being a patriot, is the Black Order an organization associated with the Empire?

I don't think so. I don't think the Emperor, Charlotte, or Bertus know who I am. If they do, the Black Order may be related to the Empire, but not the Imperial family.

Somehow, only in front of this person do I feel like a mouse in front of a cat.

It's become a bizarre alliance of Black Order and demonic remnants, but basically I recognize him as a teacher.

By the way.

The Black Order already knows who I am, my life is in jeopardy, and I need the power for now, so I said, "Let's work together.

I'm not asking about cantus magna.

Why do they keep asking me why I cross-dress.......

Are you just trying to annoy me by asking that at the expense of more important things?

A demon who infiltrated the royal class and won a cross-dressing contest?

and.......

I'm sure you'll be interested to know that.......

What the hell were you thinking?

By the way.

There's a position, there's a position, there's a position.

By the way, I'm not asking you to come up with information about Cantus Magna, I'm asking you why you keep entering cross-dressing contests.......

Dr. Effinghauser didn't bother to answer, and I just stood there with a dying look on my face, like a sinner, not knowing what to say.

I want to die.

I'd rather die in a different dimension than get caught by Bertus.

Still, Bertus realizes that his classmate is cross-dressing.

The Black Order is capable of doing things on the scale of continental warfare, and the guy who had the audacity to kill Leviathan Rancher had gone off to do something as silly as a cross-dressing contest before it happened.

"That....... must....... say?"

"Whenever possible."

"No, why?"

Teacher.

I'm going to lose my mind.

Can't you just say, "What's your evil intent, what are you trying to do by opening the gate, we've already figured out your dirty little secret and who you are"?

Sickness.

I have to explain why I'm dressed as a woman to a member of a weird secret society like you, and why you want to know about it!

Dr. Effinghauser looks at me and says.

"Are you ashamed?"

"......."

"He asked me if I was embarrassed to explain why I cross-dressed."

"No, you wouldn't be embarrassed?"

If you're going to do this, just kill me! I feel like I'm being mentally murdered!

"That's it."

"Is that ......?"

"He said that was it."

I didn't have to explain why I was cross-dressing, it was just something I was embarrassed to talk about.

What the hell do you want from me? Why is this question even important?

"What the hell....... why are you doing this to me?"

"I was just wondering what you thought of temple life."

"......Yes?"

No way.

He wanted to know if she had abandoned the identity and majesty of a demon and dressed up for her personal hobbies and desires?

Are you wondering if I'm serious about temple life or not?

Somehow.

I don't know the details.

Me, or rather, cross-dressing and stuff, which has given the Black Order the idea that I'm probably not that dangerous.

He's a demon, but he's a cross-dressing pervert, so I don't think he's too dangerous.

With this feeling?

If that's the case, that's a good thing.

Why.......

You feel like a dog, don't you?





