Episode 359.





When Dr. Epinhauser asked me if I had any information on the Cantus Magna, I had no answer for a while.

Effinghauser was a member of the Black Order. He didn't mince words. He seemed to be waiting for me to calm down, as if this was a surprise.

The Black Order saw me with the Lord Vampire.

It turns out that I'm not just a Temple student, and Rabbi Effinghauser has known that ever since Aaron Mede's death.

So, the black-robed person who was in contact with me at the time was actually EpinHauser?

I know it's not the right thing to be thinking about.

Was it you who called me a pretty boy?

Regardless, it felt like a knife in the back of my throat.

It's been a long time since one word from Mr. Epinhauser could have ended it all.

You may not have known until recently that I'm Valerie, heir to the Demon King, but with a vampire in my employ, it shouldn't be hard to deduce who I am in relation to the current state of the Empire.

My true identity has already been discovered.

Mr. Effinghauser, who has a setting called Patriot, left me alone.

What is the Black Order up to, and what do they want?

I realized the obvious truth: I didn't know the Black Order, any more than I knew the Cantus Magna.

There are many times when I've felt fear.

I've felt the fear of losing something, the fear of dying, all of those things.

But.

I was thinking that I could lose everything I held at any moment.

Fear coursed through my body as I realized that everything I already had could be blown away at any moment by a simple decision by the Black Order.

In a state of terror unlike anything I've ever felt, I stared at the EpinHauser.

"Why did you let me....... Why did you leave me alone?"

"We don't play fast and loose."

In the midst of all the normal classes, training, and festive rush, I could have lost it all.

The Black Order was watching me.

There's no way I'm not aware that I'm the next Demon King.

"Information about Cantus Magna. Do you have it?"

What are you going to do with me without it?

Do I take it by force, or do you threaten me by saying you're going to end my temple life?

We approached the Black Order as equals, and we didn't use honorifics.

But EpinHauser.

In front of this person, I somehow choke like a mouse in front of a cat.

He's not overbearing, and he doesn't try to berate or intimidate me.

He was just staring at me with a cold expression and calm eyes, just like the first time I met his eyes.

It was putting me in a state of endless panic.

What I can tell you right now, only one thing. The Black Order wants information about Cantus Magna.

"There is. It's called....... I don't know if you guys know it or not."

"I see."

On my end, I have the information they want.

And what I wanted was information about the portal to the otherworld.

"Unfortunately, we have no information or magic about portals to other worlds."

The Black Order doesn't know about the magic I want.

But the Black Order can force me to answer. Or I will be forced to reveal the whole truth and be prepared to leave the Temple.

Not because Dr. Effinghauser was a member of the Black Order, though that was always a possibility once the Black Order found out I was a Lord Vampire. But I had an uncanny conviction that they wouldn't choose that option.

"You have the information we need, but we don't have anything to give you."

If so, the transaction must be closed.

"Then let me ask you a question. We do not have the information you seek, but the Order is willing to cooperate fully with you if you provide us with information about Cantus Magna. Perhaps that will lead you to what you truly seek."

"......."

The Black Order is not aware of any otherworldly portal magic.

But you're saying you'll be on my side if I give you information about Cantus Magna.

"If I refuse....... What happens?"

Dr. Effinghauser stares at me.

"Nothing will happen."

"However."

"We'll be watching you."

That sent chills down my spine.

They know my real identity.

And you're just going to stand by and watch, never touching me, never revealing my identity, never doing anything.

What it is.

What does the Black Order want?

The end of Cantus Magna?

Or something else?

The Magical Order is a group indifferent to the affairs of the world, loyal only to their principles and purpose.

But if they don't get it from me, they're going to walk away.

What does it mean when you say you'll be watching me after that.

I am a demon infiltrating the Temple Royal class. The one who said he'd keep an eye on me regardless of the deal.

That, in itself, somewhat suggests that the Black Order is not a group that is indifferent to the world.

"The Black Order, what is it for?"

Dr. Effinghauser stared at me in silence as I asked my question, and then he spoke up.

"I haven't made a judgment call about whether or not I should tell you that."

You're not going to tell me.

"However, we have not yet judged you as an enemy."

They haven't decided if they're going to do anything about me because they're not a group that moves easily, but they're thinking about it.

The moment I made contact with the Black Order, I was already in their range. I was always prepared for this kind of danger. You can't just do safe things in a safe place.

They just didn't know that the truth was that Dr. Effinghauser was a member of the Black Order.

If I go after Cantus Magna with the Order, they will be on my side.

If I don't, they'll be watching me, and at any moment they may decide to label me as an enemy and eliminate me.

Hand of the Black Order.

Is it really right to grab this?

However, I had already figured out the identity, and I was surprised that it was Mr. Effinghauser who found out, but I was prepared for the situation.

However, you can make any number of unidentified allies.

An ally with unknown intentions is no reason not to accept them.

This is not a situation where we can wring our hands. The clock is ticking, and the gate is closing.

If they're joining hands with me, they must be doing it to spy on me. Otherwise, they wouldn't be talking about watching me.

"Okay, let's work together."

For now, we'll work with the Black Order to track down Cantus Magna.

Later, later, later.

After a verbal but important deal is struck, Dr. Eppinhauser looks at me, his face still serious.

"Okay, I'll ask again."

"......Yes."

Do I have to tell you the secret about Cantus Magna?

But what if the Black Order is just going to listen to the information and say I don't know?

Dr. Effinghauser asks me.

"Why the hell are you cross-dressing?"

No.

Seriously, stop harassing me!



* * *



Dr. Effinghauser and I went for a walk in a less than leisurely mood.

Mr. Effinghauser never asked why I needed magic to open a portal.

The settings I wrote should be true.

Mr. Effinghauser is a patriot, that's a fact.

So, if there is a connection between Effinghauser being in the Black Order and being a patriot, is the Black Order an organization associated with the Empire?

I don't think so. I don't think the Emperor, Charlotte, or Bertus know who I am. If they do, the Black Order may be related to the Empire, but not the Imperial family.

Somehow, only in front of this person do I feel like a mouse in front of a cat.

It's become a bizarre alliance of Black Order and demonic remnants, but basically I recognize him as a teacher.

By the way.

The Black Order already knows who I am, my life is in jeopardy, and I need the power for now, so I said, "Let's work together.

I'm not asking about cantus magna.

Why do they keep asking me why I cross-dress.......

Are you just trying to annoy me by asking that at the expense of more important things?

A demon who infiltrated the royal class and won a cross-dressing contest?

and.......

I'm sure you'll be interested to know that.......

What the hell were you thinking?

By the way.

There's a position, there's a position, there's a position.

By the way, I'm not asking you to come up with information about Cantus Magna, I'm asking you why you keep entering cross-dressing contests.......

Dr. Effinghauser didn't bother to answer, and I just stood there with a dying look on my face, like a sinner, not knowing what to say.

I want to die.

I'd rather die in a different dimension than get caught by Bertus.

Still, Bertus realizes that his classmate is cross-dressing.

The Black Order is capable of doing things on the scale of continental warfare, and the guy who had the audacity to kill Leviathan Rancher had gone off to do something as silly as a cross-dressing contest before it happened.

"That....... must....... say?"

"Whenever possible."

"No, why?"

Teacher.

I'm going to lose my mind.

Can't you just say, "What's your evil intent, what are you trying to do by opening the gate, we've already figured out your dirty little secret and who you are"?

Sickness.

I have to explain why I'm dressed as a woman to a member of a weird secret society like you, and why you want to know about it!

Dr. Effinghauser looks at me and says.

"Are you ashamed?"

"......."

"He asked me if I was embarrassed to explain why I cross-dressed."

"No, you wouldn't be embarrassed?"

If you're going to do this, just kill me! I feel like I'm being mentally murdered!

"That's it."

"Is that ......?"

"He said that was it."

I didn't have to explain why I was cross-dressing, it was just something I was embarrassed to talk about.

What the hell do you want from me? Why is this question even important?

"What the hell....... why are you doing this to me?"

"I was just wondering what you thought of temple life."

"......Yes?"

No way.

He wanted to know if she had abandoned the identity and majesty of a demon and dressed up for her personal hobbies and desires?

Are you wondering if I'm serious about temple life or not?

Somehow.

I don't know the details.

Me, or rather, cross-dressing and stuff, which has given the Black Order the idea that I'm probably not that dangerous.

He's a demon, but he's a cross-dressing pervert, so I don't think he's too dangerous.

With this feeling?

If that's the case, that's a good thing.

Why.......

You feel like a dog, don't you?





360





And because the questions I get are so bizarre.

It was supposed to be heavy, but it just didn't feel that way. It still felt more like a student and a teacher than a demon and a Black Order member.

But we can't talk about this forever.

"Before I share information about Cantus Magna, there are a few things I'd like to know."

"Ask. If it's a question I can answer, I'll answer it."

"You're not a wizard, are you?"

EpinHauser.

He's not a wizard.

So the first Black Order I encountered, the one that showed up right after I killed Aaron Mede, would not be Mr. Effinghauser.

It may or may not have been Ms. Effinghauser at the cross-dressing contest.

The wizard is Mr. Mustang, the teacher of Class B.

It's not like Mr. A is in the Black Order and Mr. Mustang is in Cantus Magna, right?

If you're not a wizard, why are you in a magic coven?

"There's no reason you have to be a wizard."

Dr. Effinghauser could only reply. I don't know what the conditions of membership in the Black Order are.

But the last one, Aaron Mede, was just a mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere mere. If the Black Order has ranks, I don't know where Dr. Epinhauser falls on the scale, but he's certainly not one of them since he came in contact with me with his face exposed.

"Cantus Magna and the Black Order are....... What is the relationship?"

"Cantus Magna wants the Order's sobriety, which is why he is so relentless in his search for us."

"Is there actually a fight going on?"

"Yes, the history of knowledge between the Order and the Cantus Magna goes back a long way."

The battle between Cantus Magna and the Black Order was long and drawn out, with the latter coveting sobriety for a long time.

That would mean that Cantus Magna would be in a position to raid the Black Order.

The Black Order was known for its negative image of using evil and dangerous magic, while the Cantus Magna was known for its positive image of being the sobriety hunters who raided mages who practiced such sobriety.

Of course, it's true that the Black Order does indeed possess dangerous magic, and it's true that Cantus Magna raids them, so it's not like there's a lot of misinformation out there.

It's just that they don't realize that what Cantus Magna is doing is nothing short of robbery for the Black Order.

As such, it has become one of the Black Order's aspirations to find and destroy the home of the Cantus Magna, the organization that salivates over their sobriety.

"So, what do we know about Cantus Magna?"

"That's why they collect sobriety."

With that, Effinghauser stops walking and stares at me.

"Their goal is to complete an artifact called Akasha."

"......."

Since Antirrhinus had this information, the Black Order may have already known about it.

He stares at me, and says something short.

"......Akashara. I've never heard of you."

Mr. Effinghauser nodded in silence.

It was clear that the Black Order had no knowledge of this information.

This raises another question.

Even the Black Order, which has been at odds with Cantus Magna for a very long time, was unaware of Cantus Magna's true intentions until now.

Antirrhinus spoke as if he had been in and out of the Cantus Magna briefly.

If Antirrhinus was able to learn of Akasha's existence from his short time in the world, it makes no sense that the Black Order, even as an enemy, would not know by now.

Antirrhinus may have been active in the Cantus Magna for longer than he himself says.

"Where did you get that information?"

Dr. Epinhauser asks.

If Antirrhinus had been active in the Cantus Magna for a long time, he may have hunted the Black Order in the name of the Cantus Magna.

Soon.

Even if it was decades or centuries ago, Antirrhinus would still be considered an enemy to be destroyed by the Black Order.

If the source of your information is someone who was an insider at Cantus Magna, they might want to kill you.

"Sorry, we can't reveal that."

It was an uneasy partnership to say the least.

"If you can't be sure of the source, the information is less reliable."

"I don't think it's entirely accurate either."

After all, it's possible that Antirrhinus lied to me, and he's not exactly a great man, so it's not impossible that the story about Akasha is a lie.

"However, I do know that Cantus Magna's purpose is to complete an artifact called Akasha. I'm told it's an artifact intended to contain magic, and I don't know what happens to it when it's finished. But it can't be anything out of the ordinary, and among the many magics it contains, there may be something I want, at least that's what I'm thinking."

I don't know what Akasha is specifically, so it's a bit of a stretch. But given that the Black Order doesn't know about Akasha either, it's clear that Cantus Magna has kept its secrets well for a very long time.

Except you missed the one blotch: Antirrhinus.

"Hmmm....... That's completely unexpected and needs to be verified."

Dr. Effinghauser says so.

"I don't know about all kinds of ancient artifacts, either, so I'll see if the Order has any information about them."

Eppinhauser is actually a member of the Order, but he's not a mage himself, so wherever the Order's headquarters are, there's bound to be more information there.

"Does the Order know of any way to contact Cantus Magna?"

"If I knew the easy way out, I wouldn't have contacted you."

This was an expected answer, so I wasn't too disappointed.

"They've found us, and we've found them, but they haven't found our core, and we haven't found theirs."

There may have been small skirmishes, skirmishes and fights, but no all-out war.

Cantus Magna would love to raid the Black Order's headquarters, steal all their magic, and stuff it into Akasha.

And the Black Order would love to raid such a Cantus Magna home base and wipe them out.

But that hasn't happened so far.

"You've heard rumors of the Black Order practicing evil black magic or conducting experiments."

"Yes."

No way.

"It's a rumor, spread by the Order to attract Cantus Magna to a region or place."

It turns out that all the crazy rumors about the Black Order are actually made up by the Black Order.

In other words, they framed themselves to kill their enemies.

The Black Order was willing to do things to tarnish the Order's image in order to destroy its enemies.

So the Black Order was actually just trying to attract Cantus Magna by spreading bizarre rumors about their invented sobriety, but they didn't actually massacre civilians or anything?

"So you're saying you didn't actually use sobriety or anything?"

"Of course, in order to catch them, there has to be magic being practiced in the place that they don't know about. They don't bite on just any bait, of course, and the results are both successful and unsuccessful, but in the end we were unable to reach their core."

Effinghauser stares at the trees.

"Of course, I'm not going to say that there aren't human casualties that the Order has caused. Any sobriety must come with sacrifice....... But I don't see any reason to excuse you for that."

Eppinhauser thought it odd that he should be crying over the loss of life of a demon who had infiltrated the Insei.

No.

It's so ridiculous that you're treating cross-dressing like it's evil now.

Anyway, we don't know what the real purpose of the Black Order is.

But it's clear that the Black Order's tiresome struggle with Cantus Magna has made the destruction of Cantus Magna one of its most important aspirations, aside from its true purpose.

This one wasn't much different from Antony's.

Fish for cantus magna with sobriety as bait.

There's also the cooperation of the Black Order, which has long fought Cantus Magna.

"They're not going to take every bait, and if your goal is for them to complete an artifact, you don't want to put out a bait that's too big and end up with them completing the artifact."

We must also assume that Cantus Magna's raids were not dealt with.

Unless you know what Akasha is, you're setting up a very large bait that they're bound to fall for, and then failing, which can lead to even more unexpected results.

"Well, for now, it looks like we need to figure out what Akasha is."

Working with the Vampire Council.

We also established a working relationship with the Black Order.

It was a bit of a shock to learn that the Order's representative was Mr. Effinghauser.

Every situation has its own anxiety, but it's starting to come together in the way I want it to.

My identity is no longer a mystery to me. I had no choice but to expose myself in order to reach out to so many groups.

Dr. Effinghauser watches me steadily.

"Reinhardt."

Reinhardt, not Valier.

Of course, he doesn't know that the Devil's son is named Bali, the same as the original Devil, so he calls him that.

Mr. Effinghauser looks at me and says, "You're right.

I don't know what emotions he's feeling in those emotionless eyes.

Except he called me Reinhardt, not the Devil's son.

"Don't make foolish choices."

With those words, I saw a lot of emotion in his face.

What's a stupid choice? If it's a stupid choice, I think I'm already doing it.

He seemed to think I was still his student.

We don't know what EpinHauser wants, or what the Black Order wants.

I don't even know what you want from me.

However.

Because he still treated me as a student.

"Yes, sir."

I treated him, too, as a teacher, still.



* * *



The link to the Black Order is Dr. Effinghauser.

We don't know how he communicates with the order or what he actually does.

The setup I wrote is true, but the parts I didn't write are filled with things I don't know.

Mr. Effinghauser is a patriot.

It is unclear whether or not that attribute of the Patriots is related to the Black Order.

However, the Black Order can never be an anti-Imperial organization. My description of Dr. Effinghauser as a patriot would be true.

But why would a pro-imperial organization keep me alive? Is it because they think my existence somehow benefits the empire?

For now, it was clear that they were very cautious about touching me. I was not yet on the radar of the Black Order, as they would rather work with me to destroy Cantus Magna.

Mr. Effinghauser's advice: don't do anything stupid.

That in itself could be interpreted as saying that my behavior will change the Black Order's actions or attitude toward me.

Mr. Effinghauser will report to the Order's headquarters or something like that about Akasha, and if he can find a clue about it, he will.

If you don't have it, bait the Black Order's gold or your gold to draw Cantus Magna.

I can organize a withdrawal of such magnitude that they will have no choice but to take it. It will be close to all-out war.

Either the Black Order and my factions get smashed, or Cantus Magna gets smashed.

One of two things will happen, and Akasha's whereabouts will be determined then.

Time passes.

In anxiety and impatience.



* * *



"Are you feeling a little weird lately?"

I was on vacation," said Liana de Granz, who was staying in her dorm for a few days, then going to the Duke for a few days, then repeating.

"What."

"I'm usually a little off-kilter, but lately I've been feeling a little....... Hmmm......."

Riana looks at me, crosses her arms, and mutters.

"It's like water on wine. It's like water on wine."

It's not the kind of analogy you'd make at your age, but it's not too far-fetched for Riana, who I'm sure is sipping her drink in the corner of the house.

"Maybe I'm just tired."

"Really? It's vacation, what's the big deal, get some rest."

"I'll take care of it."

"Well, whatever."

Riana would say that, and then she would go somewhere. Not necessarily because of training. Not that she doesn't do it.

Anxiety that one day this life will end.

Because of this, my recent behavior has seemed a bit odd.

"......what did you ask?"

"No, just."

You're staring at Ellen's face while doing nothing in training.

"What, what's with the sudden....... You have something to say?"

"Huh? No?"

"No, you scared me, ah......."

You're talking to Harriet at the Society of Magical Research mansion, and suddenly you tap her on the shoulder and she freaks out.

"Reinhardt. Let's go on a date!"

"Sure."

"......?"

"Where are you going?"

"Uh, ah. Huh? Ah, Gee, I'll think about it now!"

Or saying yes when Olivia says something out of the blue that I would normally say no to.

Even if I think.

I was being a bit of a screw up.





