Episode 361.





Reinhardt is weird.

"Right?"

"Yes."

"So."

"Me, I'm well......."

Ellen, Liana, Harriet, and Adelia were sitting around talking about it.

Reinhardt has been a little off lately.

I wouldn't necessarily call it a bad feeling. Herriot says, blushing.

"Well, the other day, all of a sudden, I just got....... He, I don't know what to say. He was looking at me, you know, like....... He looked at me like......."

"Feel?"

"Yeah, that's what it felt like!"

At Liana's words, Herriot exclaimed, as if that was the answer.

Reinhardt always defaults to a sour expression.

But the other day, I noticed something strange about Reinhardt.

He walks around with a wistful look in his eyes like he's seen the world.

There hasn't been any unnecessary bickering for days.

It's kind of a wistful, coy look.

Of course, there is an axis that is ashamed to look at itself with such eyes. Like Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

Some people touch your forehead and ask if you're sick. Like Ellen Artorius.

Of course, some people are completely different.

"I feel bad."

Liana de Granz is on the freak out side.

"No, I was at home the other night and I had a few drinks and I was feeling sick, and all of a sudden he's like, 'Don't drink too much, you're going to get diabetes.' What am I supposed to say? Huh? This, this, this....... Anyway, I've never felt so dirty in my life."

I've been hanging around.

Riana was stunned and disgusted that the man who had spoken so harshly to her had suddenly spoken so kindly to her.

"Crazy, why is he doing this all of a sudden?

"He's just worried.

When she frowns, Reinhard pours himself another drink. Riana's face turns pale and she mumbles something incoherent.

"That asshole....... I heard that people die when they suddenly change."

"There's no such thing!"

"It's superstition."

"Well, no......."

Riana's words sparked reactions all over the room.

I know Reinhardt's been weird lately, but no one knows what's killing the grass.

"Should I do something....... for you?"

Riana merely shook her head and said so, which prompted Ellen to ask.

"What if?"

"Well....... When I'm feeling down, I wonder what else I can do besides eat and drink......."

If you're going to do it to a dead guy for no apparent reason, what else is there to do?

Even Riana, who's freaking out, is worried about Reinhardt after all.

Everyone starts to think about doing something for Reinhardt, who is completely dead.

Aside from whether or not that would really help Reinhardt.



* * *



I've long felt that I have too much on my plate. Of course, I thought it would only get worse from there, but when the pressure really started to set in, it became overwhelming to pay attention to everything.

The Black Order has said they're on my side for now, but I don't know what their true intentions are.

Perhaps it's better to leave the temple on your own.

As Lucinil says, I will become more and more dangerous, and more and more people will learn of my identity. And it's likely to be irreversible, depending on who knows.

If you're going to walk a dangerous tightrope, why not just leave the temple?

However, there were reasons to stay in the temple, even if it meant hiding my identity as much as possible until I could.

"It's only been a few days, so I don't know, but it seems to be going well."

"Good."

Class B dormitory.

Charlotte said, calmly sipping her black tea.

Analyzes and researches the art of betrothal. Uses it to remove the demonic spirit from Charlotte.

Until then, I'm the only one who can handle Charlotte's power when it gets out of hand.

Even aside from these practical issues, I realize that there is a part of me that doesn't want to leave the Temple, but at the end of the day, that's just my own personal desires and greed.

"For now, I've kept the details of the Labyrinth Underground of Demon Castle and where the book came from a secret. It may come out in the future, but for now, no one knows."

The Labyrinth of the Demon Castle's Underground.

It doesn't matter that the location is known.

However, the problem is that only Archdemons can go in there. If it's known that Charlotte is now a demon, she won't be safe.

I want to stay in the temple until Charlotte's issue is resolved.

I'm not sure if it will or not.

"By the way, what's going on with you lately, did you have a fight with the kids or......?"

"Huh? No?"

"Hmmm."

I even asked Charlotte cautiously if she sensed something in my appearance. Being too out of character can also be a problem.

I froze slightly, and Charlotte held my hand still.

"Don't worry, everything will be fine."

That's kind of what I was saying to Charlotte.

I suddenly realized that I wished Charlotte had been given a sign.



* * *



Winter Palace.

Bertus's office.

"I knew this was going to happen, but it's going to be a mystery."

Bertus organized the reports and placed them neatly beside the table.

The Leverier-Lanche case.

We have been able to identify the raiders, but their whereabouts are mysterious. The demon's intentions were also unknown. The report I received now said that they would continue to investigate the events of Levereer Ranze, but that they had reached their limits.

The Devil's successor does exist.

And it's very likely that it was the same boy who saved Charlotte. Where did that boy go?

The boy who disappeared as if he had suddenly evaporated in the middle of the ecliptic.

Charlotte tracked it down herself, but never found it.

For now, the reappearance of the Demon is working in the Empire's favor, but without knowing what it is, there's nothing to like about the reappearance of a vaguely vanished enemy of the Empire.

Where to start to reach the demonic remnants.

That was a problem for Bertus.

"But degradation. You know, that....... Reinhardt."

"Shut up."

Bertus' brow furrowed at the mention of Reinhardt's name.

"Don't talk about him for a while."

We all have memories from our lives that are damaging just to recall.

That's what the name Reinhardt meant to Bertus right now.

Female.

No. Why? What's wrong with you?

There is no reason, no rationale, no justification for Reinhardt to do what he did.

I know they say it's about the money, but that's not a lot of money for a pageant. In reality, Rotary clubs are raking in the money, so how much of it is going to help the club's coffers?

So literally.

There's no good reason in Bertus's mind to do that, other than because he wants to.

Reinhardt cross-dressed.

Why?

because I want to.

That's the only reason I can think of!

To Bertus, Reinhardt is that kind of guy.

The guy who cross-dressed and went to a convention to show it off.

"......."

It's easy for people to give up on understanding things that are outside of their scope.

Bertus had given up trying to understand Reinhardt.

When I give up, it means I've stopped wondering, stopped thinking about it.

As he was told to end his investigation of the silver-haired girl immediately, Bertus tried not to think about the madman named Reinhardt.

In this situation, Bertus' waiver of cause against Reinhardt is a win for Reinhardt.

"That....... But I thought it was something you should know about, so I've added......."

"I said don't talk about it."

Bertus had suffered so much mental damage that he wasn't even going to lay down in his dorm room until after winter break.

When it was clear that the emperor was uncomfortable, the subordinate stammered.

As if it was something I couldn't say and wouldn't be able to back out of.

"Well, let me just say this."

"Huh, okay, what is it?"

Bertus's demeanor made it clear that he was prepared to be reprimanded for anything less, and the subordinate spoke with difficulty.

"They say you have received an imperial crest."

"......Hmm?"

Bertus shook his head.

It was an unexpected comment.

An imperial coat of arms?

"You mean ...... Reinhardt received? The imperial coat of arms? By whom? My brother?"

Bertus knew that Charlotte had lent her imperial crest to Reinhardt on his way to the Darklands.

"No. His Majesty himself gave it to me......."

"......Your Majesty?"

Imperial Coat of Arms.

Given by the emperor himself means it's not a loan, it's a sergeant.

Those who possess it are treated like royalty.

That's just the way it is, and just having it gives you immunity from most of the biggies.

There are no hard and fast laws about how royalty should be treated.

Therefore, being treated like royalty means that you deserve to be treated better than all the privileged people in the world.

As such, the imperial coat of arms cannot be received or carried by just anyone, and those who bear it must have done great service to the empire.

In other words, they're already out of this world.

Lagan Artorius and his band of warriors.

And that's what Reinhardt received.

"Last time, didn't you invite students to the palace in connection with the Temple Festival?"

"Oh, yeah. It's an annual event."

It's nothing special, it happens every year. Every year, the winners of Temple's grade level tournaments are invited to the event to be recognized and encouraged.

Reinhardt is a first-year Temple winner.

"You can't possibly be there......."

"Yes. Not only Reinhardt, but Ellen Artorius is said to have received the imperial coat of arms."

"Ellen? I thought she didn't go to the tournament this time?"

"This time they invited the winners of the Miss and Mr. Temple contest."

"Hmmm. I see."

Bertus was too busy with other things at the time to care, so he didn't know that Ellen had just been crowned Miss Temple.

Bertus could see a picture being painted.

Miss and Mr. Temple contest winners don't usually get invited to the palace.

The Emperor knew Ellen was the winner and invited her on purpose. To give her an imperial coat of arms.

"I can understand Ellen, but....... Reinhardt?"

Ellen Artorius.

She's the sister of a warrior, she's talented, and she's growing at a frightening rate. In a world where the Devil may have returned, Ellen is the most important person in the Empire to protect and nurture.

If you think about it from that perspective, Ellen being given an imperial coat of arms is a pretty important and good decision by the Emperor.

But Reinhardt?

Bertus thinks Reinhardt is a fearsome talent, too.

In terms of speed, she can actually outrun Ellen. Their starting points are vastly different, and now they both have access to magical enhancements, though their skills are not equal.

But at this point, Ellen has a great precedent in Ragan Artorius as her brother, so she's expected to do more than that, and there are plenty of people in the Empire who are better than Ellen and Reinhardt.

I'm all for investing in possibilities, but being given an imperial coat of arms is a bit much if you don't have the backstory of being the sister of a warrior.

"They say you're the owner of Tiamata."

"......what?"

Tiamata.

At that, Bertus narrowed his eyes.

"Is this the Tiamata I know, the Relic of Tuan?"

"Example. Reinhardt is......."

The subordinate says still.

"Champion of Tuan."

Champion of Tuan.

Reinhardt was the champion of Tuan.

Bertus's mouth hung open, shocked in a different way than he had ever been before.

"Since when?"

"I don't know, because this just came in......."

Master of Tiamata.

Champion of Tuan.

Apostle of the God of Purity.

Pure.

And.

Female.

"No, I mean, what the hell are you doing cross-dressing for?"

"......Yes?"

Bertus's rapid-fire tirade caused his subordinate to take a step back in horror.

Pure and cross-dressing.

Bertus could not help but be convinced that Reinhardt was even crazier than he had thought. Bertus pressed his temples, which had begun to burn, and sighed heavily.

"No. Anyway, Reinhardt is the champion of Tuan, not sure when."

"Yes, Your Majesty, and that's why I'm joining Ellen Artorius as the Demon King's adversary....... I have been granted an imperial crest, or so I believe."

"That could happen. That could happen......."

There is one scene that Bertus wants to get out of his head by putting his brain in a cleaning solution and rubbing it out.

I force myself to think about it.

Reinhardt is a pervert, that's for sure, but he's also a champion of Tuan.

Putting aside thoughts about things that don't matter. I'd like to put it away forever, but it doesn't work that way.

Anyway, Reinhard is the champion of Tuan. That's why he and Ellen received the imperial crest.

Bertus knows that Ellen is the owner of Ramen.

But I didn't realize that Reinhardt was a champion of Tuan until now.

"Last year, he and Ellen brought back what they believed to be a demonic holy object from the Darklands, didn't they?"

"Yes, if you mean that thing that suddenly disappeared......."

Reinhardt had brought back a powerful artifact from the Darklands during his summer vacation last year, believed to be a demonic holy relic.

Then, just as he was about to investigate further, the Dettomorian performed some sort of magical ritual and suddenly disappeared.

"Isn't it a bit of a stretch to think that Reinhardt being a demonic relic or something has something to do with him being Tuan's champion?"

"That's....... I'm not sure, Your Majesty."

The idea that a holy object can be corrupted is something that is hard to believe unless you've seen it with your own eyes.

If the object and Reinhardt's acquisition of Tiamata are connected, it means that some time has passed since Reinhardt became champion of Tuan.

"So you've been keeping it a secret that you were a champion of Tuan all this time......."

I get it.

The owner of a relic tends to attract unnecessary attention, which is why Ellen hides the fact that she's the warrior's sister and the owner of the ramen.

Since Reinhardt is so close to Ellen, I think it's fair to say that he's been hiding his ownership of Tiamata all this time.

In the end, it's too vague at this point to say whether Reinhardt became Tuan's champion before or after he entered Temple. We can only assume that it was sometime around summer vacation.

But.

The real point to think about is elsewhere.

He hadn't realized that Reinhardt was the owner of Tiamata until now, and it's a well-hidden secret.

"Your Majesty, how on earth did you come to know that Reinhardt was the champion of Tuan......."

It is unlikely that Reinhard would have confessed to the Emperor himself.

Apparently, the emperor had correctly identified Reinhard and Ellen and awarded them imperial coats of arms.

How.

How the Emperor knew what Reinhardt would not have said, and bestowed upon him the imperial coat of arms.

"Hmmm, and definitely a bit unusual."

Bertus clenches his jaw and mutters.

"Tiamata is an object famous for not falling into the hands of unbelievers."

"......Yes."

The Tiamata was a holy object that only a paladin or priest of Tuan could recognize as its owner. Reinhardt, however, is not particularly religious, nor does he have the personality for such things.

"I wonder if Olivia Ranze, who is close to Reinhardt, is more worthy of the title. If there's not much difference between a man who has renounced his faith and a man who has no faith, I wonder if it's better that way......."

Isn't Olivia Ranze, a devotee of Tuan and a holy woman so powerful that she's been called a saint, a more fitting champion of Tuan?

Bertus thinks that if he were Thuan, he would have chosen Olivia, not Reinhardt.

However, we don't know what the gods are thinking.

I'm not even sure if they really think.

In the end, all you have is the result.

Reinhardt is the Champion of Tuan, as the Emperor would not have given him an imperial coat of arms based on a rumor.

The power of purity.

It is the antithesis of corruption.

A force against darkness.

Darkness.

The power of darkness.

Shadows.

As if they were deathly afraid, they were so pathetic they weren't even worth dealing with.

The power to manipulate shadows was slowly being eroded.

His brother.

Charlotte De Gradias.

You've put everything down, and then suddenly you're back to life.

Certain moments of Charlotte's life flash through Bertus' mind.

A million thoughts jumble in Bertus's head.

"......."

Bertus stares out the window, his expression stony.

"Reinhardt, that guy, come to think of it, sometimes he emptied his temple......."

Soon, the prince smiles a sinister smile.

"The date on which my brother's condition allegedly suddenly improved."

"Date Reinhardt did not attend Temple. Time of return."

"My brother's deeds."

"Get it all collated."

At Bertus's command, the subordinate nodded.

"Yes, Your Highness."

Someone knocked on the door of Bertus' office, afraid to leave.

-Smart

"What."

-Your Majesty, Lord Saviolin Tana has requested an audience.

"Bam, no time for a break, let them in."

The crown was too big to focus on just one thing.

If you forget, your subordinates' organized materials will give you inspiration or an epiphany about something else.

Until then, you're just doing something else.

Saviolin Tana soon entered the prince's office.

As always, a stern expression, a calm demeanor, and the appearance of an elderly woman, regardless of her actual age.

The master of the chanapelle sets the example for the prince.

"His Highness the Prince."

"Welcome, Lord Tana."

Saviolin Tana looks at the prince and says.

"I was told there was something I needed to do."

"Yes, Lord Tana, this is important."

Bertus smiles, fingers crossed.

"Something very important."

Saviolin Tana stared at Bertus's smile in silence.





