Episode 364.





Owen de Getmora gave me a brief bow and then headed for the main house, saying he had some business to attend to.

I watched his back as he walked away.

Being a Merchant Guild Master doesn't really matter where you are. You're going to be traveling for the money, and the Duchy of Granz is naturally going to be where the money is.

Not too long ago, that would have certainly been the case.

However, I now know that he was associated with the revolutionary forces.

Owen de Getmora is a man who can go anywhere.

So feel free to drop by the Duke of Granz for business or pleasure.

The Duke of Granz has no reason to be interested in revolution. So it's a stretch to think that Duke Granz might be involved with the revolutionary forces.

But it's not like there isn't a history of people who have everything throwing themselves into it.

I have no idea what Duke Granz is like as a person, so I have no idea what he thinks or what his temperament is like.

My head felt like it was going to crack.

What if Duke Granz was a key figure in the revolutionary forces?

So what's the point of that?

It doesn't matter what happens, since you're going to be working with the demon prince anyway, right?

No.

After the gate debacle.

Assuming the Anti-Imperial Alliance remains intact, which side am I on?

I thought it was ridiculous to think about washing dishes before the main course was served.

If you break up an anti-imperial coalition in the name of maintaining the empire, the result will be genocide.

If you maintain an anti-imperial coalition and rebel against the empire, that's war.

-click!

Behind him, he heard an outbuilding window open.

-Dude, can you get in here?

Riana calls out to me as she crackles with electricity, as if she's going to roast me if I don't get here soon.

Probably not.

You won't be Duke Granz.

It doesn't make sense.

Why should the Duke of Granz, who was born with a beautiful crown and is likely to keep it for the rest of his life, take a reckless chance with it?

But if not, what else?

Whether or not the Gate debacle is resolved, it won't change the fact that the moment I formed the Anti-Imperial Coalition, a lot of people were going to die because of my choices.

Empire or anti-empire.

I'm just now realizing another truth: my decisions are killing people.

-Don't just stand around, come on!

-Pajik!

"Okay."

Liana de Granz is a young woman who lives life without a care in the world, doing whatever she wants.

I wish I could go my whole life without knowing that.



* * *



Whatever I'm thinking about, she doesn't know it.

There was a lot of talk about where we were going to go for winter break, but the response was lukewarm at best.

"I'm going to train, I've been away from home too much this time."

Ellen didn't go to tournaments either, but her desire to be strong was stronger than before, not less. She seemed to think that she shouldn't waste her time when she might have to fight a demon in the future.

I even have the continent's strongest swordswoman, Saviolin Tana, in my dormitory, though I'm not sure how long she'll be there.

Ludwig continues to bully Tana and seems to be learning from her, but Ellen hasn't been able to train with her because she's been busy preparing for Miss Temple, and now she's back home.

So I had no choice but to hang on for dear life.

"Uh huh....... I think I'm starting to get a handle on this whole Magical Research Society thing, too......."

Adelia was puzzled, but she didn't want to be away for nearly a week when the power cartridge seemed to be getting closer to completion.

Herriot has enough to do with his time, including studying dimensional magic.

"Thanks for everything, but I'm going to be busy today."

I can't explain it, but at the end of the day, I'm busy, and like Ellen, my excuse for being busy is personal training.

Eventually.

When it came to traveling, everyone but Cliff ultimately agreed that it was difficult.

"What is it? Why is everyone....... just living their lives......?"

Riana mumbles to herself, her eyes unfocused.

I looked at her and smirked.

"In case you forgot ......, isn't this how a Royal Class student with the full backing of the Empire is supposed to live?"

"Wow....... I'm really offended to hear you say that......?"

Riana mumbles to herself.

If you think about it, these kids are just a bunch of honors students.

If anything, it's weird that it doesn't!

The four of you whose superpower output goes through the roof without much effort can play, but everyone but you has to put in the work!

"......."

Riana stares helplessly at Cliff.

Are you?

And then.

Cliffman is a natural, but he needs to be trained. He hasn't yet realized his power enhancement.

But if Riana is rejected again, she may be devastated.

"That, that....... I, I am....... I am......."

Cliffman blushed, knowing that if he said yes, he was really asking me to go on a trip with him.

Riana looked at that cliffhanger and finally shook her head.

"That's it....... They're all dead....... I want you all to live hard....... Let's see how well you live......."

Riana muttered as if her soul had escaped her.

My friends are living so hard that they're losing their minds.



* * *



As the evening drew nearer to the Duke of Granz's house, Riana's sanity began to return.

"Hmph."

Because it's almost time for a pu-erhage.

Is it okay to be this fond of alcohol at this age? Whether Duke Granz is a member of the revolutionary forces or not, wasn't child farming a failure in the first place?

"Oh, Miss....... I have some guests......."

"It's okay, get out of here. Get some rest, go get some rest, it's okay."

Judging by the way they quickly shooed the users away, telling them to take a break, it was clear that they knew what was going on here.

I have a lot of money and no worries about the future, so I don't have to worry about the amount.

"Hey, is this okay......?"

"So......."

Even Harriet and Adelia were fidgeting uneasily, knowing what Riana was thinking.

Almost all of the people in the Edina Archipelago cottages were users.

But there's a Duke of Granz living in the main house, and it would be rude not to say hello and let the boys have a drink.

It's not that I'm a Confucianist, it's that this is really weird, and the fact that everyone but Ellen looks at me like I shouldn't be doing this is proof of that.

One by one, Riana pushed them out the door, and the outbuilding was now empty, just as she had planned.

"Hmph, let's get started."

I cannot forgive you for your sincerity.

With that look on her face, Riana opens the display case.

-Bulkuck

"Riana, why won't you introduce me to your friends!"

"Oh, Dad?!"

A well-built man burst through the door of the outbuilding and shouted out in a booming voice.

An obviously flustered Riana finally blurted out, her eyes lighting up.

"Ack, I told you not to come to the outbuilding because I'm hanging out with my friends!"

Uh.

Something about that familiar feeling.

"Well, if you brought your friends, you should at least say hello, do you know how long I've been waiting?"

"Oh, we've seen him and her before, what else are we going to see?"

Speaking of which.

For the Miss Temple and Mr. Temple contests, Riana took Klippmann and Ellen to the Duke of Granz house.

Ellen and Cliffman tilted their heads at the Duke of Granz as if recognizing him.

"Hello."

"Go, see the Duke."

"Yeah, Ellen. Well, you're still cute. Cliffman looks like he's put on some muscle. By the way, there are some faces I don't recognize."

I and Herriot Adelia jumped to our feet and started to say something, but Riana shoved her way into Duke Granz's chest.

"This is Reinhardt, this is Adelia, this is Harriet. Okay? Get out! Get out!"

"Oh my God, this just nailed my dad. Did I say anything about yelling at you? We need to talk. See? We need to talk, kid."

"Oh, I don't know. Get out!"

What it is.

It's a far cry from Herriot and the Archduke of Saint-Thuan.

At least the Grand Duke of St. Thuan is a dignified man. The Duke of Granz seems a bit of a wimp.

"Gee, your daughter must be having a hard time with her temper, kids."

"Oh, don't be silly, get out!"

I think Duke Granz is less of a daddy's boy and more of a daughter's boy who just enjoys seeing his daughter in trouble.

That's a lot of giggling to watch Riana get annoyed.

"Get out, get out, get out, get out!"

"Uh-oh, okay, this."

In the end, Duke Granz was forced out of the villa by his daughter-in-law.

-Bang, bang, bang, bang!

"Whoa, really."

After slamming the door roughly shut, Riana locked it.

"I told him not to come, for crying out loud."

Riana sulks and shows off her sassy side.

-Bam!

The door to the outbuilding reopened with the sound of a lock opening.

"My daughter, didn't you know about this?"

A large keychain jingled in his hand.

No.

This father-daughter relationship is messy.

"If I lock the door to my house, does that mean he can't get in?"

Duke Granz chuckled as he reentered, jingling the large keychain in his hand.

"Oh, really!"

-digitize!

Riana's hair began to sparkle with lightning in her eyes.

"Gee, I thought I was just messing with you, but now you want to roast my father. I thought you said there was no point in raising a daughter. Ew."

"Nagat!"

"Yes! Go! Go!"

-click!

Duke Granz really thinks Riana might shoot lightning bolts, and this time he actually leaves the outbuilding.

-Don't drink it, kids!

It was Duke Granz, aggroing from door to door.

After the storm,

"This is why I didn't say hello!"

Riana scowled and stomped her foot.

It was honestly less than a few minutes between his appearance and his departure, and we were overwhelmed by the intensity of the Duke of Granz's impression.

"What can I say....... You're a great guy......."

Herriot mumbles something with his mouth open, and Ellen sips her tea as if she's seen that little shit a few times already.

"He's a good man."

It was the first time I'd ever heard Ellen talk about anyone in this way, and everyone was stunned. Riana's eyes lit up at the words.

"What? What's better, this or that?"

"Hmm. I guess you're an asshole by my standards."

I cross my arms and look at Riana.

That's it!

Not to the sky, but to my parents!

"Do you want to rummage?"

-Physics!

"No, it's obvious you're an asshole, this."

At my blunt conclusion, they nodded slightly, as if they could never deny it.

"That's a little....... that seems like too much......."

Adelia's reaction.

"Now that I look at it this way....... I think I was a little too hard on my dad......."

Herriot begins to reflect.

"Well, it's a little....... That's right......."

Even Kliffman.

Ellen and Cliff have seen a bit more of this shenanigans, so they must have seen a bit more of what Riana is doing.

"Do you really want to look?"

"Oh, no....... That, uh, wasn't wrong......."

Kliffman was surprisingly a man with something to say.

"Gee, really....... Does everyone really....... think that......?"

Child traits) I wouldn't listen to my parents if they were dead, but I do listen to my friends.

Even Cliff, who says the sky is yellow when Riana says it is, agrees with her, and Riana is frozen.

"I, I....... I'm the asshole....... am I?"

In the end, Riana had the typical kid who doesn't listen to her dad, but is enlightened by her friends.



* * *



In a way, Duke Granz had dispelled the last of our misgivings, even if Riana didn't know it.

Obviously, he said, drink up.

When I say drink less, I mean drink more.

He meant it in the sense of letting them have their fun without him, so Duke Granz wasn't being unreasonably grumpy, even though he liked to see his daughter in trouble.

Riana and I had whiskey, and the rest of us had sweet wine.

There wasn't much to talk about. The main topic of conversation was about the juniors coming in next year.

"If only there weren't more kids like you."

Herriot said the exact same thing that Riana said today.

"How many people are like me? This is something I was born with, a talent."

"Wow....... You do realize you're good at that, right?"

"I'm surprisingly on-topic."

"Shouldn't it be a matter of wanting to fix it, not knowing about it?"

"Isn't it about time you realized that you're not the only one who's become so human that you've been eaten, you little shit?"

"You know, talking to you only makes me angry....... And stop calling me a punk!"

"You've gotten used to it, haven't you, and now you're sad when you don't hear me yell at you?"

"Awww! I don't feel bad, I don't feel bad!"

"Okay, Harriet."

"......?"

"You're a little shy now, aren't you, and it was awkward when I called you by your first name? I mean, it's easier for you to hear, right? Isn't it?"

“아아아아아아악! 그만해에에에에! 지, 진짜 나쁜 놈이야 너는! 나한테 왜 그러는데 진짜아!”

It was with great satisfaction that I succeeded in prying the lid off the Heriot for the first time in a long time.

"Oh, I'm feverish....... I feel dizzy....... It's that bastard......."

"Lie down."

"ugh......."

Harriet screamed and then lay down on the couch at an angle, feeling dizzy from the alcohol.

Herriot laid down and before I knew it, he was asleep.

Adelia stumbled drunkenly, then fell asleep with Harriet hugging her like a hugging pillow.

"Sleepy."

Ellen sipped her wine like she wasn't drunk at all, then lay down with a slash across Riana's thigh.

He'll be asleep in no time.

It was just me, Riana, and Cliff who were keeping our wits about us.

Klippmann was surprisingly unimpressed.

I wondered if he had been drinking, but it turns out he hadn't been drinking at all.

They're afraid of what they'll do if they get drunk.

"Mr. A, what did I do so wrong......."

Riana seemed to have given some serious thought to whether or not she was a harechild, and decided that she wasn't. She didn't seem to be drunk, but she was still moderately intoxicated.

I didn't drink that much. Not for the same reasons as Cliffman.

"Hey."

"I'm not an asshole."

"No, what did I say?"

As soon as I called it out, the words popped out as an automatic reflex, like I was about to slap him.

If it's right or wrong, it's usually right, and Riana is an asshole.

Of course, that's not what I'm talking about.

Owen de Getmora is a member of the revolutionary forces.

Since he's here, it's not unreasonable to suspect that Duke Granz might be a revolutionary.

But a possibility.

It's just a possibility.

To find out, we have a very important question.

"Did your father....... temple?"

"Temple, of course?"

My heart is beating like crazy.

Riana says, and takes a sip of her whiskey.

"You must have graduated from Orvis' class."

Oops.

Sickness.





