Episode 364.





Owen de Getmora gave me a brief bow and then headed for the main house, saying he had some business to attend to.

I watched his back as he walked away.

Being a Merchant Guild Master doesn't really matter where you are. You're going to be traveling for the money, and the Duchy of Granz is naturally going to be where the money is.

Not too long ago, that would have certainly been the case.

However, I now know that he was associated with the revolutionary forces.

Owen de Getmora is a man who can go anywhere.

So feel free to drop by the Duke of Granz for business or pleasure.

The Duke of Granz has no reason to be interested in revolution. So it's a stretch to think that Duke Granz might be involved with the revolutionary forces.

But it's not like there isn't a history of people who have everything throwing themselves into it.

I have no idea what Duke Granz is like as a person, so I have no idea what he thinks or what his temperament is like.

My head felt like it was going to crack.

What if Duke Granz was a key figure in the revolutionary forces?

So what's the point of that?

It doesn't matter what happens, since you're going to be working with the demon prince anyway, right?

No.

After the gate debacle.

Assuming the Anti-Imperial Alliance remains intact, which side am I on?

I thought it was ridiculous to think about washing dishes before the main course was served.

If you break up an anti-imperial coalition in the name of maintaining the empire, the result will be genocide.

If you maintain an anti-imperial coalition and rebel against the empire, that's war.

-click!

Behind him, he heard an outbuilding window open.

-Dude, can you get in here?

Riana calls out to me as she crackles with electricity, as if she's going to roast me if I don't get here soon.

Probably not.

You won't be Duke Granz.

It doesn't make sense.

Why should the Duke of Granz, who was born with a beautiful crown and is likely to keep it for the rest of his life, take a reckless chance with it?

But if not, what else?

Whether or not the Gate debacle is resolved, it won't change the fact that the moment I formed the Anti-Imperial Coalition, a lot of people were going to die because of my choices.

Empire or anti-empire.

I'm just now realizing another truth: my decisions are killing people.

-Don't just stand around, come on!

-Pajik!

"Okay."

Liana de Granz is a young woman who lives life without a care in the world, doing whatever she wants.

I wish I could go my whole life without knowing that.



* * *



Whatever I'm thinking about, she doesn't know it.

There was a lot of talk about where we were going to go for winter break, but the response was lukewarm at best.

"I'm going to train, I've been away from home too much this time."

Ellen didn't go to tournaments either, but her desire to be strong was stronger than before, not less. She seemed to think that she shouldn't waste her time when she might have to fight a demon in the future.

I even have the continent's strongest swordswoman, Saviolin Tana, in my dormitory, though I'm not sure how long she'll be there.

Ludwig continues to bully Tana and seems to be learning from her, but Ellen hasn't been able to train with her because she's been busy preparing for Miss Temple, and now she's back home.

So I had no choice but to hang on for dear life.

"Uh huh....... I think I'm starting to get a handle on this whole Magical Research Society thing, too......."

Adelia was puzzled, but she didn't want to be away for nearly a week when the power cartridge seemed to be getting closer to completion.

Herriot has enough to do with his time, including studying dimensional magic.

"Thanks for everything, but I'm going to be busy today."

I can't explain it, but at the end of the day, I'm busy, and like Ellen, my excuse for being busy is personal training.

Eventually.

When it came to traveling, everyone but Cliff ultimately agreed that it was difficult.

"What is it? Why is everyone....... just living their lives......?"

Riana mumbles to herself, her eyes unfocused.

I looked at her and smirked.

"In case you forgot ......, isn't this how a Royal Class student with the full backing of the Empire is supposed to live?"

"Wow....... I'm really offended to hear you say that......?"

Riana mumbles to herself.

If you think about it, these kids are just a bunch of honors students.

If anything, it's weird that it doesn't!

The four of you whose superpower output goes through the roof without much effort can play, but everyone but you has to put in the work!

"......."

Riana stares helplessly at Cliff.

Are you?

And then.

Cliffman is a natural, but he needs to be trained. He hasn't yet realized his power enhancement.

But if Riana is rejected again, she may be devastated.

"That, that....... I, I am....... I am......."

Cliffman blushed, knowing that if he said yes, he was really asking me to go on a trip with him.

Riana looked at that cliffhanger and finally shook her head.

"That's it....... They're all dead....... I want you all to live hard....... Let's see how well you live......."

Riana muttered as if her soul had escaped her.

My friends are living so hard that they're losing their minds.



* * *



As the evening drew nearer to the Duke of Granz's house, Riana's sanity began to return.

"Hmph."

Because it's almost time for a pu-erhage.

Is it okay to be this fond of alcohol at this age? Whether Duke Granz is a member of the revolutionary forces or not, wasn't child farming a failure in the first place?

"Oh, Miss....... I have some guests......."

"It's okay, get out of here. Get some rest, go get some rest, it's okay."

Judging by the way they quickly shooed the users away, telling them to take a break, it was clear that they knew what was going on here.

I have a lot of money and no worries about the future, so I don't have to worry about the amount.

"Hey, is this okay......?"

"So......."

Even Harriet and Adelia were fidgeting uneasily, knowing what Riana was thinking.

Almost all of the people in the Edina Archipelago cottages were users.

But there's a Duke of Granz living in the main house, and it would be rude not to say hello and let the boys have a drink.

It's not that I'm a Confucianist, it's that this is really weird, and the fact that everyone but Ellen looks at me like I shouldn't be doing this is proof of that.

One by one, Riana pushed them out the door, and the outbuilding was now empty, just as she had planned.

"Hmph, let's get started."

I cannot forgive you for your sincerity.

With that look on her face, Riana opens the display case.

-Bulkuck

"Riana, why won't you introduce me to your friends!"

"Oh, Dad?!"

A well-built man burst through the door of the outbuilding and shouted out in a booming voice.

An obviously flustered Riana finally blurted out, her eyes lighting up.

"Ack, I told you not to come to the outbuilding because I'm hanging out with my friends!"

Uh.

Something about that familiar feeling.

"Well, if you brought your friends, you should at least say hello, do you know how long I've been waiting?"

"Oh, we've seen him and her before, what else are we going to see?"

Speaking of which.

For the Miss Temple and Mr. Temple contests, Riana took Klippmann and Ellen to the Duke of Granz house.

Ellen and Cliffman tilted their heads at the Duke of Granz as if recognizing him.

"Hello."

"Go, see the Duke."

"Yeah, Ellen. Well, you're still cute. Cliffman looks like he's put on some muscle. By the way, there are some faces I don't recognize."

I and Herriot Adelia jumped to our feet and started to say something, but Riana shoved her way into Duke Granz's chest.

"This is Reinhardt, this is Adelia, this is Harriet. Okay? Get out! Get out!"

"Oh my God, this just nailed my dad. Did I say anything about yelling at you? We need to talk. See? We need to talk, kid."

"Oh, I don't know. Get out!"

What it is.

It's a far cry from Herriot and the Archduke of Saint-Thuan.

At least the Grand Duke of St. Thuan is a dignified man. The Duke of Granz seems a bit of a wimp.

"Gee, your daughter must be having a hard time with her temper, kids."

"Oh, don't be silly, get out!"

I think Duke Granz is less of a daddy's boy and more of a daughter's boy who just enjoys seeing his daughter in trouble.

That's a lot of giggling to watch Riana get annoyed.

"Get out, get out, get out, get out!"

"Uh-oh, okay, this."

In the end, Duke Granz was forced out of the villa by his daughter-in-law.

-Bang, bang, bang, bang!

"Whoa, really."

After slamming the door roughly shut, Riana locked it.

"I told him not to come, for crying out loud."

Riana sulks and shows off her sassy side.

-Bam!

The door to the outbuilding reopened with the sound of a lock opening.

"My daughter, didn't you know about this?"

A large keychain jingled in his hand.

No.

This father-daughter relationship is messy.

"If I lock the door to my house, does that mean he can't get in?"

Duke Granz chuckled as he reentered, jingling the large keychain in his hand.

"Oh, really!"

-digitize!

Riana's hair began to sparkle with lightning in her eyes.

"Gee, I thought I was just messing with you, but now you want to roast my father. I thought you said there was no point in raising a daughter. Ew."

"Nagat!"

"Yes! Go! Go!"

-click!

Duke Granz really thinks Riana might shoot lightning bolts, and this time he actually leaves the outbuilding.

-Don't drink it, kids!

It was Duke Granz, aggroing from door to door.

After the storm,

"This is why I didn't say hello!"

Riana scowled and stomped her foot.

It was honestly less than a few minutes between his appearance and his departure, and we were overwhelmed by the intensity of the Duke of Granz's impression.

"What can I say....... You're a great guy......."

Herriot mumbles something with his mouth open, and Ellen sips her tea as if she's seen that little shit a few times already.

"He's a good man."

It was the first time I'd ever heard Ellen talk about anyone in this way, and everyone was stunned. Riana's eyes lit up at the words.

"What? What's better, this or that?"

"Hmm. I guess you're an asshole by my standards."

I cross my arms and look at Riana.

That's it!

Not to the sky, but to my parents!

"Do you want to rummage?"

-Physics!

"No, it's obvious you're an asshole, this."

At my blunt conclusion, they nodded slightly, as if they could never deny it.

"That's a little....... that seems like too much......."

Adelia's reaction.

"Now that I look at it this way....... I think I was a little too hard on my dad......."

Herriot begins to reflect.

"Well, it's a little....... That's right......."

Even Kliffman.

Ellen and Cliff have seen a bit more of this shenanigans, so they must have seen a bit more of what Riana is doing.

"Do you really want to look?"

"Oh, no....... That, uh, wasn't wrong......."

Kliffman was surprisingly a man with something to say.

"Gee, really....... Does everyone really....... think that......?"

Child traits) I wouldn't listen to my parents if they were dead, but I do listen to my friends.

Even Cliff, who says the sky is yellow when Riana says it is, agrees with her, and Riana is frozen.

"I, I....... I'm the asshole....... am I?"

In the end, Riana had the typical kid who doesn't listen to her dad, but is enlightened by her friends.



* * *



In a way, Duke Granz had dispelled the last of our misgivings, even if Riana didn't know it.

Obviously, he said, drink up.

When I say drink less, I mean drink more.

He meant it in the sense of letting them have their fun without him, so Duke Granz wasn't being unreasonably grumpy, even though he liked to see his daughter in trouble.

Riana and I had whiskey, and the rest of us had sweet wine.

There wasn't much to talk about. The main topic of conversation was about the juniors coming in next year.

"If only there weren't more kids like you."

Herriot said the exact same thing that Riana said today.

"How many people are like me? This is something I was born with, a talent."

"Wow....... You do realize you're good at that, right?"

"I'm surprisingly on-topic."

"Shouldn't it be a matter of wanting to fix it, not knowing about it?"

"Isn't it about time you realized that you're not the only one who's become so human that you've been eaten, you little shit?"

"You know, talking to you only makes me angry....... And stop calling me a punk!"

"You've gotten used to it, haven't you, and now you're sad when you don't hear me yell at you?"

"Awww! I don't feel bad, I don't feel bad!"

"Okay, Harriet."

"......?"

"You're a little shy now, aren't you, and it was awkward when I called you by your first name? I mean, it's easier for you to hear, right? Isn't it?"

“아아아아아아악! 그만해에에에에! 지, 진짜 나쁜 놈이야 너는! 나한테 왜 그러는데 진짜아!”

It was with great satisfaction that I succeeded in prying the lid off the Heriot for the first time in a long time.

"Oh, I'm feverish....... I feel dizzy....... It's that bastard......."

"Lie down."

"ugh......."

Harriet screamed and then lay down on the couch at an angle, feeling dizzy from the alcohol.

Herriot laid down and before I knew it, he was asleep.

Adelia stumbled drunkenly, then fell asleep with Harriet hugging her like a hugging pillow.

"Sleepy."

Ellen sipped her wine like she wasn't drunk at all, then lay down with a slash across Riana's thigh.

He'll be asleep in no time.

It was just me, Riana, and Cliff who were keeping our wits about us.

Klippmann was surprisingly unimpressed.

I wondered if he had been drinking, but it turns out he hadn't been drinking at all.

They're afraid of what they'll do if they get drunk.

"Mr. A, what did I do so wrong......."

Riana seemed to have given some serious thought to whether or not she was a harechild, and decided that she wasn't. She didn't seem to be drunk, but she was still moderately intoxicated.

I didn't drink that much. Not for the same reasons as Cliffman.

"Hey."

"I'm not an asshole."

"No, what did I say?"

As soon as I called it out, the words popped out as an automatic reflex, like I was about to slap him.

If it's right or wrong, it's usually right, and Riana is an asshole.

Of course, that's not what I'm talking about.

Owen de Getmora is a member of the revolutionary forces.

Since he's here, it's not unreasonable to suspect that Duke Granz might be a revolutionary.

But a possibility.

It's just a possibility.

To find out, we have a very important question.

"Did your father....... temple?"

"Temple, of course?"

My heart is beating like crazy.

Riana says, and takes a sip of her whiskey.

"You must have graduated from Orvis' class."

Oops.

Sickness.





365 episodes





Not everyone from Orbis Class joined the revolutionary forces. But an Orbis Class graduate, a senior.

There is no reason for Duke Granz to join the revolutionary forces.

But technically, there's no reason for anyone, young or old, rich or poor, to join the revolutionary forces.

Why else would you have to risk your life to do something.

Even for those who actually benefit from the revolution, it is in their best interest to join the revolution after it has occurred rather than risk their lives to join it.

If Duke Granz is a member of the revolutionary forces, he's obviously close to the core.

"That's what Mal says whenever he tries to convince me that he graduated magna cum laude, but honestly, I don't believe him."

Even senior graduation.

What a great material for the pursuit of fantasy. Riana sips her whiskey and points to her head, unaware of what I'm thinking.

"I'm not that smart, no matter how you slice it, and I don't know where this hair came from."

It's a little disconcerting to see him say that because his hair is bad, my dad's hair must be bad, but that's not what's important to me right now.

Am I correct in thinking that if Duke Granz is a revolutionary, then he becomes my ally because I'm going to ally with the revolutionaries anyway?

Whether Duke Granz is a revolutionary or not, in the end I'm only interested in delaying that revolution until after the Gate incident.

The Anti-Imperial Coalition is just a ruse, and there is no intention of actually forming it to rebel against the Empire.

The revolutionary forces, the independence of the Five Great Houses of God, were all wiped out by the Gate. Humanity, beyond the Empire, has suffered great damage, and it is impossible to dream of anything else.

This is the post-Gate, post-Endgame time to focus on rebuilding the world.

In the face of the great crisis of humanity, all petty interests disappear.

But what happens when that grand idea is lost?

Wouldn't it be better if the Gate debacle never happened....... Now, isn't that, like, better?

But in the end, I still haven't gotten to the heart of the gate situation.

I realized that these thoughts and worries were also empty.



* * *



The three kids had gotten really rowdy, so we cleaned up early. After tucking them into their rooms one by one, Riana and Kliffman said they were going to bed, too.

I couldn't fall asleep.

A surprise party planned at the last minute to cheer me up.

Honestly, I was impressed with that, but I ended up here, and I've gotten myself into a lot of trouble.

Nothing is certain.

As you stare out the window at your garden at night, you notice someone wandering around.

A man of good character.

Duke Granz.

Not knowing what to expect, I opened the door to the outbuilding.

As the door to the outbuilding opened, he walked through the garden, watched me for a moment, and then broke into a wry smile.

"Gee, looks like I'm not the only one who can't sleep."

His smile was somehow, sad.



* * *



"Did you say Reinhardt?"

"Yes, it is."

"I've heard the stories."

Being the troublemaker that he is, Duke Granz seemed to have heard a lot of stories about me.

"I mean, I've heard as much about you from my daughter as I have from you, who can throw a tantrum if I ask her to talk about Temple."

"Oh, yeah......."

Duke Granz chuckled and patted me on the shoulder.

Punching people while talking.

Riana, does this look like your dad?

Riana had apparently told Duke Granz quite a bit about me earlier in the semester, saying that there was a real weirdo at Temple. Of course, Riana doesn't seem to be the kind of girl who likes to talk to her dad much, so Duke Granz didn't really listen to my story.

Mainly.

Focus on incidents and accidents.

So.

I naturally broke out in a cold sweat.

Duke Granz.

Orbis class graduation.

Possibly a revolutionary force.

He may have a personal grudge against me for being the one who started the whole Orbis class closure debacle.

"When I heard that you fought Orbis' classmate, I thought, I don't know, but a big man is a big man."

Even if he doesn't, he's right next to the guy who was responsible for closing his alma mater.

But the smirking Duke of Granz could see nothing but admiration for his daring daughter's friend.

Either you don't care about the Orbis class, or you're just hiding your feelings.

"What happened after that might have been a little embarrassing, Reinhardt."

Rather, he was blunt about the situation.

"Yes....... I never thought that would happen......."

In fact, I had no idea that the spat would go beyond the closure of the Orbis class to the acceleration of revolutionary mobilization.

"What happens, happens."

Duke Granz looked up at the winter night sky and said.

It's like they've known about the ills of the Orbis class for a long time.

If he's saying this, he has nothing to do with the revolutionary forces.

But sleepless winter nights.

I don't know what keeps him awake, but I'm sure I'm not mistaken when I see a deep regret and a certain remorse in his expression.

As we walked along, talking, I couldn't help but glance toward the mansion and get a little giddy.

Someone was staring at me and Duke Granz.

A grown woman, arms crossed, looking at me with a narrowed brow, wondering what's so wrong with me.

When she made eye contact with me, she frowned even more and pulled the curtain shut.

I saw it, and so did Duke Granz.

"Oh, hmm....... My wife is a little sensitive."

Duchess?

Come to think of it, just as Riana didn't introduce me to the Duke, she certainly didn't introduce me to the Duchess.

Duke Granz said, sounding somehow apologetic.

What's not to like?

Or that Duke Granz doesn't go to bed until late?

But the nervous look on the Duchess's face says it all.

Disgust and contempt.

I think I felt something like that.

"Hmmmm, I'm going to go inside now. It's cold out, and it wouldn't do you any good to take a long walk at night."

"Oh, yeah. I see."

Duke Granz seemed to be holding back.



* * *



The next day.

In the dining room of the outbuilding, we had a simple breakfast cooked by the users.

Sure, it was a simple meal, but this was Duke Granz, so it was also a breakfast that could handle Ellen's gigantic appetite.

The menu was simple, the portions were not.

They hadn't had too much to drink, but they didn't look hungover either.

But there was no Herriot at the breakfast table.

"And Harriet?"

"He looks like he's sleeping."

Riana shrugged at my question. She didn't seem to drink that much yesterday, is she tired?

But Herriot wasn't sleeping.

After breakfast, I was drinking tea when I opened the front door of the outbuilding and saw Harriet come in.

"Huh? Everybody's up."

"What, weren't you sleeping?"

She shook her head at my question.

"No? I'm the first one up?"

"Then where have you been without breakfast?"

Herriot scratched his cheek, a little embarrassed by my question.

"That....... asked me to have breakfast with him, so I went to....... The Duchess has......."

At that, Riana rubbed her forehead and sighed heavily.

"After....... Why not but did."

What the hell is that? Riana says, looking at Harriet with a narrowed brow in annoyance.

"Harriet, don't pay attention to whatever my mom told you because it's all bullshit."

It was a completely different atmosphere than when we were talking about Duke Granz.

He was annoyed, but he didn't seem to really dislike it.

However, when Riana talks about her mother, she does so with a genuine sense of disgust and contempt.

"Huh? Ah....... Well, he did say a lot of nice things, though......."

Herriot couldn't say yes, of course he knew, but he could only say so with a hint of embarrassment.

"No way."

Riana snapped, "That's not possible," which only made Harriet feel worse.

Herriot joined her at the table and they drank tea.

Duke Granz.

Duchess Granz.

The look you saw last night, directed at me, or at Duke Granz.

The stare of contempt.

I called Harriet for breakfast.

This means that only Heriot was called.

Daughter of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

The conclusion is that the Duchess of Granz is extremely sensitive about her identity.

The conclusion is easy to draw from the look on Harriet's face, who is very troubled by Riana's words but unable to deny them.

It was clear that I had heard something I disagreed with.



* * *



After breakfast, we headed back to the dorm together.

On the way back, Duke Granz saw us off.

"Hope you're doing well, it's winter, watch out for colds."

Riana looked like she was about to throw another tantrum, but she didn't say anything to Duke Granz, though she did make a face as if she remembered what she'd told us yesterday.

Child.

Added a new property for Liana de Granz.

Duke Granz looked at each of us and said hello.

"Cliffman, you'll soon realize the power of enchantment."

"Thank you, Duke."

"Adelia, I've heard you're really good. Go for it."

"What?! Ah, yes, yes, yes. Go, thank you ......."

"Ellen, it's always nice to see you eating well. One day, the food you eat will return to your body."

"Yes, sir."

Ellen took Duke Granz's crude jokes with a grain of salt.

With the exception of Riana, they all stare at Ellen, who calls Duke Granz "uncle" with a fat face, but Duke Granz's reaction is even worse.

"Heh, heh, I'll listen to him anytime!"

No.

Did you call it that on purpose.......

I can see why Ellen called Duke Granz a good man.

"Reinhardt, you're an accident waiting to happen."

"Well, you should......."

After a subtle exchange of words, whether complimentary or not, Duke Granz looked at Herriot and said.

"That....... was sorry at breakfast this morning."

"Oh, no, no, no, that's okay, that's fine."

Duke Granz looks a little sorry for himself, and Harriet is even more devastated.

What the heck was said at breakfast at the house today?

With that, we said goodbye to Duke Granz, and we started walking back to the temple.

"Hey, wait."

"Huh?"

With the group walking ahead of me, I pulled Harriet slightly behind me. so that our conversation would not be heard by the guys walking ahead.

Of course, it doesn't really matter if you hear it.

"What did the Duchess say?"

"Oh....... That?"

Herriot looked thoughtful for a moment, then shook his head.

"You don't need to know."

That's all Herriot would say.

"No, why, what?"

"You don't want to hear it."

It seemed clear to me that what I had heard was not good, and that was true in and of itself.

"No, thank you."

"It's none of your business!"

Worst of all, it's not like we're talking about a secret, and she's looking at Riana and lowering her voice to a whisper. She makes a big show of not wanting to talk, but then she looks me in the eye.

"Oh....... I'm glad you're back to your normal self, but I didn't mean for you to bother me this much......."

Herriot sighs heavily and looks up to see Riana walking ahead.

"When you get back, come to the Institute of Magic."

Not something to talk about in Riana's presence. Herriot said tersely.





