Episode 367.





Late at night.

After his short walk, Duke Granz sat still in his office.

In the darkness, with the lights off in his office, he pondered.

He was recalling a conversation he'd had with Owen de Getmora not long before, when he'd visited him in person.

It's only when it's really urgent that he comes in person, and he agrees that it's really urgent.

Negotiating with Demonic Remnants.

"They've made it a condition that the entire senior leadership team must be present at the meeting instead of just me, and they know exactly how many people are there, so if someone doesn't show up, that alone is very likely to kill the deal.

"I wonder if this could be a trap.

"Instead, they've said they'll allow whatever they want when it comes to escorts.

"Confidence.

'Yes, I suppose so. They've slaughtered the Leviathan as well as some of their finest paladins, which means they're more than capable of stopping a counter-attack.

He was recalling a meeting with Owen de Getmora a few days earlier.

'I'm telling you, it's madness to hold the hands of demons.

'That's what I'm thinking, but the majority of the chain of command is already on board.

"We don't know what they're thinking, we don't know what they're up to, there's too much we don't know about them to join hands with them simply because they have power.

'I couldn't agree more, Your Grace,' said the Duke, 'but we can't decide everything on the spot, and the Devil isn't going to act rashly either, for it would be a handshake of a handshake to attack us.'

There was constant talk of joining forces with the remnants of the Demon Realm, the next Demon King.

However, due to the nature of the organization, it is difficult to get all the leaders together in one place, so words are communicated and opinions are gathered through written and physical communication.

The organization was in an uproar when they heard that the Demon Remnant had taken over the Merchant Guild Master.

I couldn't even figure out where it was coming from.

However, Owen said that by the time they contacted him, the demons had already identified several of the leaders, and now they had identified everyone.

"I have no choice, Your Grace.

'.......'

Holding the hands of demons is a handshake of handshakes.

Even if the revolution is complete, its authenticity will be questioned from the start. Such a revolution cannot be sustained.

But the demons already know all about them.

If they don't join hands, the demons could slaughter them all without lifting a finger if they let the Empire know about the revolutionary forces.

I'd rather be at the mercy of the demons.

Rather than trying to get rid of them without touching them, at least they took the initiative to hold hands and make things work together.

Death at the hands of an empire or the company of a dangerous enemy.

You have to choose one or the other.

But that's when the demons reached out.

Already Duke Granz sensed that the revolution had failed.

If the uprising fails, it's a failure, and if it succeeds by allying with the enemies of humanity, it's a failure because it doesn't secure the future.

No matter where you go, you're bound to fail.

'I have no choice but to....... '

According to Owen, many heads of state are welcoming the situation with open arms.

Is this really a situation where we should be celebrating empowerment?

Duke Granz was feeling terribly uneasy.

Is the revolution a failure.

Or, was it even possible to succeed in the first place?

There are internal factions and bickering, Orbis class people getting to know non-Orbis class people, political fights are commonplace, and we've come to expect it.

Never had a revolution.

Very old.

Revolutionary Organization.

It was a group that had been breathing without a revolution, rotting from within and growing in bulk.

"......."

Duke Granz left his office and walked down the hall. He had thought long and hard, but the decision had been made.

Even without your consent, the organization has already made a decision.

Being part of an organization means that there are times when you have to go along with it, even if it's against your will.

This is the only time.

-What the hell does it matter!

In the midst of his thoughts, a sharp voice pierced the Duke's ears as he walked down the hall.

I thought I was back at the temple, but it turns out she's back.

-I told you to stop hanging out with the lowlifes, and now you're bringing a few kids over to get drunk with them? If word gets out about this.......

-What are you going to do then?

At the sound of the mother-daughter bickering, the Duke sighed, as if it were a familiar occurrence.

The duke's daughter hated her home, but she had a terrible time falling asleep anywhere but at home.

-Don't you realize that this is all going to scar you? Don't you think you'll regret it if you have to experience it for yourself? Drop out of Temple now and come home! I'll take bridal classes or get a tutor, I'll take care of everything.

-Ha. If you're going to take bridal classes and live like your mom, I don't want to give you that life.

-Gee, what now?

-If I'm going to live like my mom, I'd rather live like this, mingling with the commoners. At least I don't want to end up like my mom.

The Duke stood in the hallway, listening to the conversation from afar, unable to join in or turn away.

We're a pretty tight-knit group of users, so the story doesn't get out, but we don't need to get the word out, the people who know know.

Except that the Duke of Granz sucks.

-And then you run away to marry a commoner, like your father?

-What do you think, if I run away, I'm running away to get away from my mom, not to marry a commoner?

The Duchess's frosty voice was met with an even frostier sneer from her daughter.

-what......?

-You don't even have what you want, but you have what you want and you're not even happy, so why the hell are you forcing me to live like you?

-Mu, what kind of mom....... How could you say something like that.......

The daughter, who had been raised from a young age, was not a very good listener to her mother, but the Duchess was not a weak person either; she was one of the few people the Duke knew who was not a terrible person.

As my daughter got older, the mother-daughter conflict that had always existed intensified, not weakened.

The daughter brings her friends to the manor, even though she knows her mother hates them, because she knows her dignity prevents her from saying no in front of the commoners.

-You can't talk shit to my friends anymore, you can't openly discriminate against me, and you can't look at me like that, because I'm going to make sure that you don't end up with an asshole in your house that doesn't actually exist.

-You, you! Riana! Stop!

-Bang!

As she walked out of the Duchess's visit, blushing, she locked eyes with the Duke, who was listening in the hallway.

"......."

"......."

She wasn't angry that she'd been overheard. Instead, she stared at the Duke, her eyes filled with a twisted anger.

"Daughter, your dad is......."

"On my side?"

The Duke was at a loss for words as his daughter outdid him.

I'm on your side.

It was something he'd said often.

"Just like my mom wants me to live the way she lived, my dad wants me to live the life he didn't get to live."

Identity has kept me from having what I want most.

So you can live your life trying to have those things, the Duke kept saying.

But again, it's all semantics, and it's all coercion.

Both mom and dad are just trying to force a certain life on me in the end.

Riana's words stunned the duke into silence.

"I'm sick and tired of Mom and Dad treating me like I'm the only reason their failing marriage has to stay together."

Riana brushed past the Duke, giggling.

The Duke watched with a bitter smile as his daughter left the Duke's room, seemingly intent on returning to the temple.

The only reason failed parents should stay married.

At some point, she had come to see herself as such a miserable product.

Whether it is self-inflicted.

If they know that their lives mean nothing more than that.

At some point, my daughter had been drinking on her own and falling asleep.

There have been countless times when I've seen the tear tracks in my sleeping daughter's eyes.

The duke watched as his daughter walked briskly through the garden and out of the duke's house.

It was a cloudy winter night.



* * *



Two days later.

Levaina, a small nation in the southern part of the Empire.

Night time.

Duke Granz moved to meet with the next Demon King, whose arrival had the entire continent buzzing.

It's very rare for the heads of republican revolutionary organizations to come together in person.

This is because the mere fact that people from all walks of life get together for no particular reason is already somewhat suspicious.

That's why the all-hands meeting is rarely called unless there's something really important on the agenda.

This will be the first time since the last time the Orbis class was closed.

The convening place was not the ecliptic, but one of the Merchant Guild's branches in the southern part of the continent. It was disguised as a meeting of investors in the Merchant Guild's southern trading ventures.

The devil told me I could have as many escorts as I wanted, but I couldn't.

Duke Granz had a small army of trusted ducal knights and family wizards with him. It's a small group, but he thinks it's enough to get them out of the way, if not out of the way of the rest of the demons.

One of the Merchant Guild branches located in the southern part of the Empire, outside the capital city of Raziern in the Kingdom of Leviathan.

We didn't want it to be too flashy or too close to the center of town, as that would attract attention. Naturally, it was the Merchant Guild Master who found the location.

Arriving at the conference room, Duke Granz could see the large number of people who had already arrived.

Aristocrats, high-ranking officials, writers, scholars, and others from all walks of life.

The devil hasn't arrived yet.

It's not a meeting that happens very often, but under normal circumstances, we would have exchanged pleasantries, if not cheerfulness. But not now.

Right now, I'm preparing for a meeting with the demon who turned an entire continent upside down.

Whether you were in favor of it or not, there was a little bit of anxiety, anticipation, fear, and skepticism written all over everyone's face, so no one spoke up.

A roundabout doesn't go this far.

But I'm sure everyone had a teleport scroll or two in their pockets for an emergency escape.

After all the heads had gathered in time, seventeen in all.

Duke Granz was a little puzzled.

Merchant Guild Master.

Owen de Getmora was not present.

He wasn't the leader, but he was a high-ranking official in charge of the revolution's finances. Also, his direct contact with the Demon King's minions meant he had to be there as a liaison.

The discomfort soon revealed itself for what it was.

-Grrrrrrr!

We begin to hear sounds that shouldn't be heard in the human world.

"This is....... What?"

One by one, they stood up and started looking out the window.

-Flash!

-Flash!

One by one, things begin to appear in the empty space, sparkling with light.

Ogre.

Oak.

Goblins.

Many demons, including imps, were appearing at the same time.

Numerous demons, red-eyed and eared, were arriving by spatial travel, bathed in light.

"Demons!"

"They can't be serious!"

You said you were going to talk, but you were going to attack.

Demons arriving via teleportation have begun to swarm to attack the Merchant's Guild branch at the meeting place.

This is on the outskirts of the city. There's no help from the guards, and for a raid of that size, the fight would be over by the time they got there.

"Let's run!"

At someone's shout, I reached behind me and pulled out a teleportation scroll, as did everyone else.

There was always a way out in case of emergency, and that was true of Duke Granz as well.

-Complete!

However, the teleportation scroll that was supposed to glow and send them somewhere didn't respond at all.

"Move space....... Block?"

Someone muttered in a daze.

Teleport scrolling is not triggered.

However, it's not something you can set up in a short amount of time to block spatial movement.

But it's clear that there is a connection now.

"It's okay. The escorts I brought with me should be able to hold out for this long. Once we break through and get out of range of the spatial traveling crystals, we should be able to move."

The escorts he brought with him were the elite of the elite, if not the majority.

-Bang! Quack!

The knights and wizards who had already jumped at the sudden onslaught had begun to respond to the demons, their eyes glowing red.

The demons are large in number, but it's not hard to stop them.

The demons have misjudged. There is no way they could have slaughtered all the leaders of the revolutionary forces.

But Duke Granz was feeling uncomfortable.

Spatial Magic Binding.

The reddened eyes of demons.

Without even a focus.

-Grrrrrr!

-Thump! Thump!

They're just blindly swinging their weapons around.

'Brainwashing......?

I couldn't help but think that those demons had been subjected to some sort of magical action.

Needless to say, the escorts they brought with them were no match for the weapons they wielded.

The raiding demons are slaughtered before they even get a chance to take a breath.

"How the hell did they see us?"

The raid was followed by an overwhelming slaughter of the demons, and the leaders spoke in hushed tones.

Not everyone is an idiot.

It's nice to win, but.

We all know that's a bit too flimsy for a raid.

And.

Duke Granz would soon find out who the real enemy was, in the midst of the hordes of demons.

People dressed in black were wielding swords in the darkness.

"Article......?"

Someone's sword was tinted blue.

Auror Blade.

It's a testament to the Swordmaster.

A mixed group of Swordmasters, a formidable asymmetrical force, begin to overwhelm their escorts.

"The demons are that bad......?"

"No."

Duke Granz mumbles to himself as he watches his escort being shoveled away.

"It can't be the devil......."

Spatial travel has been blocked, and a number of veteran knights, along with demons, are slaughtering everyone like fallen leaves in a windstorm.

In the crowd of black-clad men, Duke Granz recognized a familiar face.

"Saviolin Tana......."

The head of Chanapelle was there.



* * *



The escort was wiped out in an instant.

The marauding demons fell to the ground as their escorts were wiped out. Empty husks.

-jerky

Everyone was listening to the footsteps as they walked into the conference room.

Unable to escape, the black-clad men appeared in the room one by one.

Their workmanship was so terrible that, despite the slaughter, there was not a drop of blood on their clothes.

No one got away with it.

Everyone in this room knows Saviolin Tana's face.

A calm-faced Shanapelle looked around the room, then took a seat in one of the empty seats.

"Do you think the Empire didn't know you existed?"

She only said so calmly.

The demons didn't betray us.

The location where the spatial movement blocking account is configured.

The person who arranged the meeting location.

The person who convinced everyone to be here.

"Owen's....... and drove us here."

Owen de Getmora.

In hindsight, everyone realized that he had been lying the whole time.

So, what was the attack of the demons?

Duke Granz grits his teeth and stares at the viola tana.

"No way, you're trying to pass yourself off as a demonic......!"

The leaders are here, but the revolutionary forces themselves are everywhere.

Even if the leader dies, the will to revolution itself cannot die.

"Yes, as of this moment, your organization is under Imperial control. The Merchant Guild Master will be the head of the next revolutionary organization."

Duke Granz has no idea whose brain came up with the brilliant idea of a fishing revolutionary force.

"Internally, you were here discussing cooperation with the demonic forces, negotiations broke down, and you will all be counted as dead. Externally, of course, you will be treated as killed in an unprovoked attack."

Saviolin Tana told me that this is the kind of explanation you give to people who are about to die.

And.

She gestures toward the knights of Shanapelle, who, for once, are no longer knights, but killers.

"Kill them all. Don't traumatize them, because we'll have to tamper with their bodies and their deaths."





With that cold declaration, lives began to be lost, one by one.





