Episode 368.





That time.

Sarkeghar was disguised and in contact with Owen de Getmora.

Arriving at the location of the meeting, Sarkegaard saw only one person.

Owen de Getmora.

No one else was there but him.

"What the hell is this ...... thing?"

At the words of the black-robed Sarkegar, Owen de Getmora closed his eyes tightly.

"Actually, I'd like to excuse me."

"Excuse me?"

"Yeah, that's a big one."

Owen says, looking at the mysterious black-robed figure.

"The Imperial Household would like to borrow your name once without permission."

"......What are you talking about?"

A member of the revolutionary forces mentions the imperial family. Sarkeghar sensed that something was amiss.

"Due to an incident the other day, it has come to the imperial court's attention that borrowing your name can make complicated things quite easy."

Sarkozy's words make him realize something.

Owen de Getmora is a traitor.

"So when I make this direct confession, it's to let you know that I'm doing it to solve the Empire's problems, not because I want to be on bad terms with you."

"......."

"The First Prince wants to be on good terms with you. He recognizes that you are necessary to the Empire."

1Prince.

Bertus de Gradias.

Sarkozy thought he was in contact with revolutionary forces, but he was actually in contact with Bertus's spies.

"So I'm hoping that whatever happens this time, you'll take it with a grain of salt."

They're trying to do something in Darkland's name.

"I don't know about the first prince, but you think you're safe."

"Whether it's the Revolutionaries or the Imperials I'm reaching out to, you can get what you want through me. In fact, wouldn't it be better for you to talk to the Imperials rather than the Revolutionaries?"

Owen de Getmora did not panic, lose his composure, or show fear in the face of the mysterious demon.

"Isn't that enough?"

The Merchant Guild Master's words are true.

But the fact that he was taken advantage of left a bad taste in Sarkegar's mouth.

They are the underdog, after all.

Just because you want to use it doesn't mean you can.

As such, it was inevitable that there would be times when it would be used against us by the wrong forces.



* * *



Saviolin Tana stared at the body-strewn conference room with the Knights of Shanapelle in their black camouflage uniforms.

It was dirty work.

You'll be executing traitors to the Empire, but you'll need to disguise it as demonic activity.

Bertus said it was for the best, and Saviorin Tana agreed.

But the sight of them disguising the deaths as demonic made even her desensitized to carnage sickening.

Did I really have to do this?

Among the leaders of the revolutionary forces were faces she recognized.

There were a few people who wanted to be this person, and one of them was right in front of Saviolin Tana's eyes.

She opens her eyes and sees the dead body of Duke Arthur de Granz.

And.

I had a nominal, but occasional, encounter with a teacher who was an inspector.

"Follow me?

'Oh, okay.......'

'Do I eat you? Why do you always look so pouty? Oh, hello, should I say sir, or should I say Sir Tana....... Sir Tana?'

"Good as a teacher.

'Oh, yes. Good afternoon, sir.'

I saw a superimposed image of a girl, a little wild but always cheerful.

What that child's face will look like in the future. How that child will live.

I didn't see it, but I knew it without looking. Saviolin Tana gritted her teeth.

Saviolin Tana closed Duke Granz's open eyes.

I know it doesn't make anything better, but I felt like it had to be done.

"What happened to attracting the attention of the guards?"

"I believe the guards will be here in about 15 minutes."

"Okay, we're pulling out first."

Saviolin Tana has completed her mission.

She had a hunch that the empire was about to be shaken again.



* * *



Imperial Emperor Emperatos, Winter Palace.

Bertus was drinking tea.

It wasn't my usual black or milk tea, but a greenish color.

Bertus was not alone.

"It's called green tea. Have you ever tried it? The leaves are the same as black tea, but the flavor is very different."

Before Bertus, similarly, sat Oscar de Gradias, a member of the imperial family, in a stiff posture.

"No....... I've heard of it, but I've never had it......."

"Right, so you don't even know what flavor it is?"

"That's right......."

Oscar felt a strange sense of dread when Bertus called out to him; as fellow royalty, they often crossed paths and spoke to each other, but it was very rare for Bertus to call out to him directly like this.

"Try it."

"Uh, ah....... Uh, yeah."

At Bertus's urging, Oscar took a sip of the green tea and barely had time to savor the shaky taste and nostalgic aroma.

Why.

Me.

That's all I can think about. Bertus glared at Oscar, who sipped his green tea.

"What do you think?"

"That....... smells good......."

"Now that you know the smell and taste of green tea, maybe you can dream of drinking it."

The unintelligible sound sends chills down Oskar's spine before he realizes he's not alone. Bertus looks at him with a coy smile.

"Do you think someone who has never had green tea can dream of drinking green tea? No, they can dream, but can they taste and smell anything like this?"

"Oh? That....... Not......."

"Yes, because people can't feel sensations in their dreams that they didn't experience."

You can't know what you don't know.

So you can't even dream of it.

Only by experiencing it can the sensation be recreated in a dream.

"A person who has never eaten meat can dream of eating meat, but the meat in that dream will be something that doesn't taste, texture, smell, or feel anything like it does in real life, and the same goes for other things, and that's what it comes down to, to make a long story short."

Bertus takes another sip of his green tea and looks out over the winter landscape.

"You can't dream about what you don't know, and even if you could, it would be very different from what it is."

"......."

"But I don't know why they're dreaming of something they don't know, haven't experienced, don't know what it is, don't know what it's like."

Oscar's fingertips were now shaking, and he tried to hide the tremor, but he couldn't.

Bertus's all-knowing gaze and words were neither violent nor aggressive, but they penetrated deep into Oscar's heart.

"I don't know what's so great about it that we're all dreaming about a world we can't see or know with our eyes open."

Oscar couldn't meet Bertus's gaze.

"Are you going to kill me....... kill me?"

Bertus smirked at Oscar's pathetic comment.

"Brother, I only kill someone when he poses that much of a threat to me, or when his death will benefit me."

"......."

"Your head is of no great value or threat to me, or to the Empire."

Worthless lives.

At that, Oscar's eyes widened and he stared at his tea.

He was a member of the revolutionary forces, but not a leader, and not a very important one at that.

So, even now that Bertus has decided to try his hand at it, it's not an important target.

"Since the ant said he had a dream, I suppose I should kill a member of the imperial family. Poor old lady, you needn't tread on his toes."

Oscar was speechless at Bertus's open contempt and sarcasm.

"So what I'm saying is, in the future, know your stuff and behave yourself."

"......."

"Answer. You should."

At Bertus's cold command, Oscar opened his mouth, his voice trembling.

"I'll keep it in mind......."

Oscar de Gradias is an ant.

Ants can't do anything about their dreams being crushed before their eyes.

After Oscar de Gradias retreated, Bertus grabbed his teacup and gulped down the cooled green tea.

In the overcast sky, it soon began to drizzle.

"I wanted to say thank you in person, preferably with my own words."

-shoot

Bertus smiled grimly and stared out the window as the winter rain began to fall.

Not long ago, Bertus called the viola Tana to the Winter Palace.

"What is it that I'm supposed to be doing?

"It's about harvesting the cancerous cells of an empire.

'Cancer cells......?

"Have you heard of the Republican Revolution?

The emperor had given his permission.

Bertus explained to Saviolin Tana the sequence of events that followed the closure of the Orbis class.

Bertus had been aware of the revolutionary forces for quite some time, just as Charlotte knew they were bound to exist.

A few of the members of the team were on the fence, as well as the core staff.

It's just that it's a bomb that's hard to tamper with, so I'm taking my time to get the full picture.

But it wasn't until the Merchant's Guild Master, Owen de Getmora, came to visit that we got it right.

Reinhardt's work with the Magical Research Society and the Rotary Club brought him into direct contact with Bertus' forces and the Merchant Guild.

It had been an indirect contact, but since then, the Merchant Guild had unwittingly developed close ties to Bertus' forces.

He sought a private audience with Bertus and confessed to the revolutionaries.

You say you have vital information on which the fate of the empire depends.

But it was not a matter to be taken lightly. The revolutionary forces outlined were mostly people with significant influence in the Empire, and the imperial hand in dealing with them could spark a massive uprising of the remaining forces.

So until we found the right way to do it, we've been struggling to get a handle on the trends via Owen de Getmora, who volunteered to be our spy.

And.

Demons appeared.

"We're going to gather the leaders together, and when we're done, we're going to disguise it as an attack by demons.

The demons provide a strong enough camouflage to conceal the truth of any event. Some might be able to deduce the truth, but the message of demonic remnants was now resonating too loudly across the continent.

The word "demonic" is enough to drown out all the noise.

After slaughtering all of their leaders, they disguise it as the work of demons.

The remnants of the Republican Revolution may see it as an Imperial conspiracy, but the masses will be so misled by the word demon that they won't see the truth.

In practice.

The demonic remnants tried to make contact with the revolutionary forces, and they did.

So the fact that the leaders were killed in a demon attack should be convincing to the remnants. There's nothing unconvincing about the idea that something was broken at the negotiating table, and that angry demons slaughtered the leaders and then disappeared.

While there will be some debate within the faction as to whether or not this is truly the work of demons, their division is not a bad thing in and of itself.

Then, Owen de Getmora will take over the remaining revolutionary forces and assume temporary leadership. And he will publish a lie about the deaths of the leaders.

The entire revolutionary force falls into the hands of the imperial government.

Saviolin Tana nodded stiffly when she heard Bertus's plan.

She is dedicated to the service of the Empire.

So we agreed that the forces working to overthrow the empire needed to be disposed of.

"But what do you mean by disguising it as the work of demons?

"We have some demon captives that we're using for research purposes, and we'll just have to release them into the field and kill them appropriately.

"......I see.

'So, it's a secret that we have Shanafel in the field. There will be a backup in charge of field operations. Shanafel will just have to concentrate on taking out the escort troops cleanly, is that possible?'

"...... is available.

The emperor's favor is already won.

The meeting place Owen has arranged also has a coven that blocks the spatial travel magic.

Shanafel kills all of the leaders of the revolutionary forces, falsifying their wounds and scattering demon corpses to disguise the fact that there was a battle with demons there.

The conditions and the location of the meeting were picked to make it easy to disguise.

They were a thorn in my side, but I couldn't seem to get them out.

Demon Remnant faction.

A well-timed excuse will defend your empire against any controversy.

It doesn't matter if the truth comes out.

It's true that the revolutionary forces dared to betray humanity and join hands with demons.

-shootaaaaa

Bertus looks out the window into the winter rain.

"Tsk."

Eventually.

The fact that he had killed a classmate's parents was disturbing.





