Episode 374.





Reinhardt became strong in his own way.

I got stronger by bumping into things and taking risks.

That's Reinhardt's way.

That's not going to work for Klippmann either.

But.

I wonder if it really doesn't work.

Ellen ponders.

Cliff's talent.

Think about "battles.

It's a talent for combat in a very broad sense.

Talent for winning battles.

This includes any weapon used.

However, Klippmann continues to fall to Reinhardt.

Cliff's talent is.

Which it is.

-Pakang!

Reinhardt's dueling sword was shattered by Klippmann's dueling sword.

Instead, Reinhardt, the one whose dueling sword had been broken, pulled back hard, dodging Klippmann's dueling sword while simultaneously catching him in the throat.

-Thump!

"Boom!"

Even with his sword shattered, Reinhardt's reaction time gives him the edge.

Seeing only Cliff stagger to his feet, Ellen turns to the two of them and says, "I'm sorry.

"Stop."

"Okay, now get some rest, it's not just today......."

"No, more like......."

Ellen glared at Cliffman when he said he could do more.

"You can't do this."

Ellen swept the shattered pieces of the water lance away with her broom, then snatched the water lance from Cliffman's hand and hung it on the rack.

"We need to do it differently."

"Differently......?"

Ellen looks at Reinhardt.

"Reinhardt."

"......?"

Reinhardt doesn't know what Ellen is thinking.

"You, can you bring her over?"

"What? Are you Olivia?"

"Yes."

"No, he's suddenly like, "Why?"

"I wish she would help me."

Olivia's help.

Reinhardt seemed to think for a moment, then nodded.

"Okay. I'll talk to him."

Cliffman was dumbfounded, and Ellen waited for Olivia to arrive, leaning against the training room window with her arms crossed.

How long have I been waiting.

-Bulkuck

"Why are you looking for me at ......?"

Olivia Ranze had been summoned by Reinhardt, and she had come reluctantly, but she had made it clear that she didn't like it. But Ellen didn't seem to have any animosity.

Ellen knows.

Ever since I shared my last secret, Olivia's hostility feels like a mask.

It's not that much of an enemy.

Knowing that neither could pose more than a moderate threat or be malicious, they were forced to accept each other on some level, even though they didn't like each other.

"My sister needs help."

"What, my help?"

Olivia's brow narrowed, as if that made her feel even worse.

"Why should I help you?"

"He's the one helping, not me."

Ellen was referring to Kliffman.

Suddenly, Kliffman's face went blank as fifth-grader Olivia Ranze, whom he'd barely met but had heard of by reputation, looked up at him.

I've become immune in many ways, but it's still hard to deal with people who don't know Cliff at all.

Ellen walks to the center of the training grounds and looks at Cliff without her training sword.

-curl!

Ellen, now enchanted, stares at Cliffman in disbelief.

"With your skills, if you think I'm going to kill him, you can stop me before I do, right?"

"Uh....... What?"

Olivia blanched, because it was a blunt admission that you were much better at this than I was.

"Can you or can't you?"

"I guess I should be able to do that....... No, I mean, what if they come up and ask me to do that, why would I do that?"

"Ah."

Then Reinhardt let out a gasp as if he'd realized something.

Cliffman was still frozen, not sure what was going on.

Ellen Artorius looks at Cliffman in the blue flames of her enchantment.

"You could really die from now on."

"Uh....... Huh?"

"I'm not kidding."

Combat.

It's not about dueling.

We're talking about a real fight.

Ellen knew that Kliffman's talents would be realized in the real world.

"Do you still want to do it?"

Kliffman realized what Ellen was hinting at.

It's not about overpowering your opponent and finishing them off. Only when your life is truly on the line, only when there is a sense of urgency, will your talent truly shine.

In a fight where your life is really on the line, your talents really come into play.

That's why I brought Olivia in.

He can intervene in a crisis and restrain Ellen, and only Cliff is powerful enough to heal her if she's injured.

Kliffman stares into Ellen's calm eyes.

Whatever Reinhardt whispered, Olivia sighed and nodded that she understood.

Cliffman swallows hard and looks at Ellen.

He's not a prankster.

You said you're going to fight like you're going to kill yourself, and you're going to fight like you're going to kill yourself because there are safeguards.

"I'll do it."

Kliffman gets into position.

No further conversation is necessary.

Ellen pushes forward.

-Thump!

Kliffman didn't even see Ellen approaching.

-Bam!

"Big......!"

-Bang!

A dull blow to the stomach sent Klippmann sprawling across the training center floor for several laps.

"Off......wink....... Cuck! Cuck!"

He hadn't even gotten up yet, and red blood was dripping from Klippmann's mouth.

"Holy....... That bitch!"

Olivia turned white and quickly walked over to Klippmann and cast a holy spell on him.

"Heh....... Heh. 허억....... 헉......."

If not for Olivia's timely intervention, Cliffman could have actually died from a ruptured intestine. Cliffman recovered from the pain, but his complexion was white and he was shaking violently.

Cliffman couldn't even speak, and it was Olivia who was upset.

"Dude, you're crazy, you're going to die!"

But Ellen's expression was calm.

"If you can't do it, let's stop. I'm not going to force you to do it."

Ellen said to Klippmann with a frosty look.

"Instead, if you say go ahead, I'm not going to mess with you."

If it's a talent you have to put your life on the line for, it's only halfway there if you put your life on the line.

Cliffman wants to be strong.

The result is the same as Reinhardt's.

Fighting for his life. Reinhardt is stronger for it.

If you want to follow along, you'll have to fight a battle that would get Cliffman killed.

A fight, not a duel.

Already, Ellen has shown that she's not willing to cut her any slack.

That was the last of the "maybe's" in Klippmann's mind.

Klippmann gets slowly to his feet.

"Go, thank you....... I, uh, will, though."

"Hey....... What are you guys doing? Why are you doing this?"

Whether Olivia is frozen or not, Cliffman is desperate in his own way.

You've decided to take on the demon. You have decided to help Riana get her revenge.

You can't back down when you're about to awaken a talent you didn't know you had.

"Let's do it, Ellen."

"Yeah."

"No....... Reinhardt, what's wrong with them?"

Olivia nudged Reinhardt, who mumbled something soothing to her as if to say, "Wait and see.

If it had been a water sword, he would have been stabbed through the stomach.

Ellen's fist is a minimal control device.

Cliff's talent is his own, no matter what weapon he's wielding.

Ellen is objectively stronger than Reinhardt.

Against Reinhardt, Klippmann lost in a matter of moves, and Klippmann didn't even see Ellen's rush just now.

Olivia can heal you, but if she doesn't react quickly enough, or if you hit the wrong spot, you could die.

It's that tension that Ellen is trying to give you.

If you do it wrong, you really die.

So if there's a power within you that you don't realize you have, bring it out.

It's Cliff himself who's been clinging to Reinhardt all day because he wants to be strong.

I can't tell Ellen that I want to quit because I'm afraid of fighting too much.

Cliffman grits his teeth and looks at Ellen.

"Here we go."

With another warning, Ellen moves on.

-Thump!

I still couldn't follow the figure.

You can't avoid the unseen.

Unless you intentionally miss, that's impossible.

-Bam!

Ellen's fist was blocked by the white shield that formed across Kliffman's chest.

This time, Cliffman was unable to react. It was Olivia's hastily cast divine magic that blocked Ellen's fist.

"Are you sure you want to kill ......?"

Olivia's volley was narrowly blocked.

"Isn't ...... the flow we should be avoiding?"

Klippmann didn't escape.

"No.

But just before the shield formed, Ellen saw Cliffman stir slightly.

Without the shield, it would have allowed the attack anyway.

"I was trying to avoid the invisible.

However, Klippmann was clearly attempting to avoid exactly that which the senses cannot know.

I don't know if it's instinct or what.

Klippmann's talent could not reach victory, but he did make moves to get there.

Olivia looked at Ellen and Cliff, then sighed as if she had no choice.

"You're in the wrong weight class. Get out."

"......."

Olivia didn't know the details, but she knew what the first graders were trying to do.

Ellen is too fast and too strong. If she goes for the kill, she might actually kill Cliff before Olivia can react.

"Reinhard, you do it."

"Being treated like a proper....... Sounds like a dog to me."

Reinhardt scratches the back of his head, grabs Ellen by the shoulders, and pulls her back.

Someone Olivia can handle in an emergency, and someone who could be a very real threat to Cliffman if she really goes for it.

Ellen is out of her weight class.

"Well, you're not wrong."

So, in the end, it was Reinhardt.

Give it your all, Klippmann continued.

But that's not to say you should do it with a killer attitude.

Reinhardt will be killing from now on. Even more so than Ellen. He'll have faith that Olivia will do something about it.

But don't count on Cliffman.

It's only when you do it like you're going to die if you get it wrong that you realize your true talent.

-curl!

Reinhardt's body is once again enveloped in blue energy.

Strengthens one's physical body by self-suggestion.

Fighting with the intention of killing your opponent, as opposed to going all out.

Cliff doesn't know it, but Reinhardt does, and there's something that only those who have been there and done that can have.

"Come on, let's do it."

Live.

Klippmann was feeling alive in Reinhardt now.

His vague belief that Olivia would protect him was gone in that one life.

With the feeling that someone is choking you.

Reinhardt rushed in on Klippmann.

Not as fast as Ellen.

But it's a hard speed to feel.

Shoulder movement.

You can only see the stride.

Klippmann instinctively knows where Reinhardt is going with that trajectory.

The left foot is the axis.

Retraction of the right shoulder.

Soon, I realized that my right arm was going to move.

The body realizes, not the head, that the trajectory is aimed at the face.

If an enchanted fist lands on her face, and Olivia is unable to react to it.

You really do die.

Unresponsive.

Correct.

-shhhh!

But.

"......."

At that moment, Klippmann dodged the punch with a shake of his head and dived into Reinhardt's arms.

In a bizarre sensation where the body itself reacts, not the head.

-Bam!

"......."

Klippmann lunges in with an uppercut that lands flush against Reinhardt's jaw.

Cliffman's strength and size are not normal.

And the jaw is sharp.

Under normal circumstances, the fight should end here.

"Oh."

However, Reinhardt, who had been hit in the jaw, was chuckling.

Like you don't feel the slightest blow.

"Surely, that's different?"

The difference between power and intensity.

-Bam!

"Curb!"

As if that wasn't bad enough, Reinhardt followed up with a knee to Klippmann's abdomen.

It responded and even fed counters, but it couldn't break through the enchantment's defenses.

Reinhardt clenches his jaw as he watches Cliff bounce and roll across the floor.

"Hmph....... ugh......."

"Do some more."

Reinhardt chuckles as he watches Klippmann gasp for air.

"I'm sure it'll turn into something."

I'm really only saying this for Cliff's sake.

He looked, acted, and spoke like a third-rate villain.



* * *



Olivia was right that Reinhardt, not Ellen, would be a better opponent.

Ellen was too fast and too strong, a barrier too high even for Cliff's talents.

It's true that Reinhardt is relatively weak compared to Ellen, but Reinhardt was able to bring out the best in Klippmann's talent by being more technical.

-Per billion! Puff! Thump!

You can't take a punch from Reinhardt, who has unleashed his full range of abilities, and there's a very large overall weight difference.

However, Cliffman can't take it, so he dodges and sidesteps Reinhardt's attacks to get through the gap.

He takes what he shouldn't, gets pushed around, and eventually gives up a fatal shot that Olivia recovers from, but clearly Cliff is not the same man he once was.

Both Olivia and Ellen were watching them fight.

"......I don't know, she moves better than you do."

"I think so, too."

To some extent, both realized that Klippmann was more mobile against Reinhardt than he was against Ellen.

The gift of combat.

It's a talent that really comes into its own in times of crisis and real-life situations.

Kliffman's talents were clearly being utilized in a time of crisis.

Ellen could see why Klippmann's talent was more pronounced in the fight against Reinhardt.

Ellen has a hard time reading emotions in facial expressions.

But right now, Reinhardt exudes hostility as it is, even seems alive.

The reason for this is simple.

Ellen doesn't have much of an expression, and her face is subtly venomous.

So in person, it's hard to see a sense of danger in Ellen's calm demeanor. It's just that she's unpredictably deadly.

However, Reinhardt's impression is dirty.

They give off the vibe that if you met them in a fight, you'd want to tear them apart.

So, regardless of actual skill, Reinhardt has a lot of momentum, like, "You've got to hang something," and Ellen doesn't have that.

In reality, it's Reinhardt, not Ellen, who creates more tension.

There's just enough time for Ellen to realize that she's outmatched, Reinhardt's momentum is killer, and Cliff is increasingly cornered by the back-and-forth.

-Bam!

"Turn off...... Yuck!"

Goro.

In many ways, Reinhardt was the perfect opponent to draw out Klippmann's strength. Reinhard looks down at the fallen Klippmann as Olivia restores him to health.

"If you're this talented, aren't you still a long way off?"

Add a splash there.

Reinhardt's taunt causes Klippmann to rise to his feet. Reinhardt smirks at him.

"Am I being too generous yet?"

"......."

Ellen knows what's wrong with Reinhardt.

In addition to the sense of urgency, he's trying to draw out Klippmann's desire to win by provoking him.

"If you'll excuse me, I'm having a hard time with this."

I know.

I know what Reinhardt is doing.

It's not for nothing.

"Try a little harder."

I know.

Too bad.

"Reinhardt....... Okay, okay, but this is really bad."

Olivia mumbles to herself, wondering if she's feeling it in real time.

-Thump!

Klippmann lunged and swung his fist at Ming Qi, but Reinhardt dodged and tripped Klippmann, sending him tumbling to the ground.

Reinhardt raises his foot toward Klippmann's head as he falls to the ground.

Reinhardt, smiling coldly, tries to crush Klippmann's face.

If you're at full strength, your head will crack.

-Thump!

Reinhardt immediately throws a leg kick, and Klippmann barely manages to roll over and bounce back to his feet.

It's true that it's a provocation, but Reinhardt's hand was merciless.

Reinhardt smiles wryly at Cliffman, who has managed to get back to his feet.

I'd like to think the murderousness and madness boiling in that smile was an act, but no matter how I looked at it, it wasn't.

"Why."

Reinhardt looks at Klippmann and smiles.

"The devil is in the details."

"Think of it this way."

Cliff doesn't know what he meant by that, but it sent chills down his spine.

"Are you still going to do this?"

We don't know what the real devil is.

But would you do this even if the devil was in your face?

He rolls on the ground, dodges somehow, and his attacks don't work.

If it was a demon in front of you, you might not even be able to have this conversation. You'd be dead before you had a chance to dodge the first sum.

Will I die without being able to squirm.

It's not the Devil in front of you. The Devil must be a very frightening, evil, and powerful being, unlike Reinhardt.

"Let's do some image training."

However.

Reinhardt grinned a smile that looked wicked to say the least.

"I am the devil."

I whisper to Klippmann.

I am the devil.

He doesn't understand the power behind the words. But he senses something in Reinhardt's words that is frightening, almost hallucinatory.

The thing in front of me was not Reinhardt, but some inscrutable, powerful entity.

-snap

A cold sweat broke out all over Kliffman's body.

As if under some kind of evil spell.

As if Reinhardt had hypnotized me.

Reinhardt feels like something else entirely. Klippmann surrenders himself to any suggestion or hypnosis.

What you see before you is the devil.

You can't beat that.

You can't beat that.

We decided to fight together.

If you're going to fight, you should be able to stand by your side. You can't be pushed aside for being distracting and intrusive in a real fight.

You are weak.

If you're an underdog, you have to bet big against the big boys.

What to do if what's in front of you is truly the devil.

One arm, one leg, one life.

Or, if you can't even do that, a finger.

If that's not possible, you're going to have to pay with your life.

If you, as a weakling, can do that much against a demon, it will be an incredible feat. He's going to be strong, and you're going to be doing something heroic if you can do that.

-shhhh!

Reinhardt lunges in with swinging rights and lefts and tries to counter with a left hand but Reinhardt shakes him off and circles away.

That's about as good as it gets.

His own fists can't penetrate Reinhardt's magical enhancements, so when he can somehow deflect an inscrutable move and counter it, he's already grown.

This should be enough.

This is the best of the underdog.

All you can do is dodge Reinhardt's onslaught.

Against demons, you're risking your life to get a single lifesteal.

I doubt that's even possible.

Indeed.

Is that enough.

"......."

And that's it.

Klippmann grits his teeth and stares at Reinhardt, who smiles coldly and looks for an opening.

Is it okay to be an underdog?

This can't be good.

His talent is combat.

The purpose of the talent is not combat.

Winning the battle.

Winning the fight.

The true name of this talent is not in the fight itself.

The true name of this talent is Victory.

To fight, to win.

It's about getting through it.

You'll never be satisfied with just plucking.

Avoidance is never good enough.

The purpose of the battle is to win.

There's no such thing as fighting to lose.

Then the talent called combat is only worthy of its name if it results in victory.

"Here we go."

Reinhard approaches. In a change of pace from his previous behavior, he takes a furious stride forward as if he's going to beat the crap out of him.

An instinctive warning that this is dangerous hits Kliffman in the head.

You can't beat the devil.

You won't win against Reinhardt either.

Still, your talent should be worthy of the name.

You have to make the impossible possible.

You have to do what you couldn't do before.

There's only one thing to do.

Winning.

In order to win, Klippmann must fulfill a number of prerequisites.

However, you must avoid attacks from invisible enemies.

-shhhh!

Klippmann deflects Reinhardt's outstretched fist with a slight twist of the shoulder.

But the attack continues. The trajectory of the low kick as he switches stances is unavoidable.

Avoided invisibility.

But there's an inevitable offense coming.

If so, then. Two.

You have to take the hits that you would normally take and run away from.

-Billion!

That kick from Reinhardt took a nice leg kick, right into the meat of the thigh.

He didn't think it would hold, and when Cliffman, who was supposed to bounce, didn't, Reinhardt had an opening.

An opportunity presents itself.

You've dodged the unseen and withstood attacks you shouldn't have.

If so, next. Three.

If your talent is to win unwinnable battles.

The ability to penetrate the previously impenetrable, to break through your opponent's enchantment-enhanced defenses.

You need a strong punch.

Like the superpower of self-suggestion.

The cause may be different, but the effect should be the same.

A name that makes the impossible possible.

Talent to win.

Combat.

It should work the same miracles, different from causation, as self-implication has worked miracles.

Self-implication makes a lot of things possible.

The talent of combat should enable only one thing.

It's a relatively narrow condition that makes it possible to win.

Since we have such a narrow condition, we'll need to have a more powerful output.

-curl!

Everyone's eyes widened as they watched the blue flames explode from Kliffman's body.

"!"

Blue energy surged from Kliffman's body.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

Reinhardt bounced back from the punch that Klippmann threw.

-Thump!

"Uh....... Huh?"

A dumbfounded look on Olivia's face, as if she didn't know what she'd just seen.

"......."

Ellem's nonchalant demeanor, as if she somehow knew this would happen.

"......Xfoot."

Reinhardt's monosyllabic patter, a very complex mix of emotions, as he stares blankly at the ceiling of the rehearsal hall.

Reinhardt had a complicated look on his face, like he knew it was going to happen, but now that it did, it was too much.

And.

"Big......!"

Until Cliffman's scheduled bloodletting.

That day.

The on-call chaplaincy received one more patient.





