Episode 375.





"Why are all first graders monsters?"

After dropping off a stunned Cliffman in the on-call chaplain's office, Olivia muttered in disbelief.

Olivia was stunned to hear that Ludwig, the other stunned first-year, had done the exact same thing as Klippmann yesterday against the violinist Tana. Ellen glared at her at Olivia's comment.

"That's not what you're supposed to say."

"No....... I wasn't this bad, what are you guys doing?"

Olivia was stunned, and it was something that had never happened before in the history of the Temple.

Two enchantments awakened within a day of each other.

Ellen, Reinhardt, Ludwig, and Klippmann.

Four of the first-year students used the enchantment as a self-power.

It should have been unheard of at the point Ellen did it, but four freshmen did it.

Savior Tana, who was checking on Ludwig in the recovery room, found the situation just as ridiculous, but let Klippmann off the hook for now.

"I don't think there's a problem, but......."

Just as Olivia was frozen, Xavier Tana was freaked out by Ludwig, and equally baffled by the fact that Klippmann had awakened to his enchantment within a day's time.

"What the hell are you first graders......."

I thought I had a pretty good grade with two outliers, but now I have two more.

Ellen stared at Reinhardt in silence.

Cliff got what he wanted. And Reinhardt did everything he could to bring out his talent.

That's true.

But Ellen couldn't help but notice that Reinhardt didn't look too happy.

Klippmann didn't look too proud to be outed.

Maybe you're regretting something, maybe you're questioning whether it's right.

Ellen had a complicated look on her face that was hard to understand.



* * *



Klippmann and Ludwig have awakened their enchantments.

Not surprisingly, completing the event gave you 2,000 achievement points. I need another 5,000 points to awaken the next talent, which is Ability Resistance. I wanted to keep some of the points in reserve, so I actually planned to earn more Achievement Points before unlocking the next Talent.

The effect of the increased Enchantment efficiency will also come into play.

Naturally, rumors about Klippmann spread throughout the Royal Class, not just the first year.

Riana seemed to hear the story and rushed to the recovery room to check on Cliffman.

I don't know if Cliff would have been able to enchant if I hadn't dealt with him. I do know that if the Gate is going to blow up, I need them to be strong. History has changed too much, and I don't want to be swept up in the Gate Crisis and have my first graders die unexpectedly.

But not only did Cliff get stronger, so did Riana.

If their goal is to kill me and the gate situation goes away, I'm in a very strange situation where I'm helping the guy who wants to kill me.

However.

Even if I hadn't done anything, Cliffman would have realized the enchantment anyway.

"Looks like they're close to finishing the potion that increases sensitivity to magic. That'll help the kids who specialize in close combat, and it'll help Klippmann and Ludwig."

I nodded, listening to Herriot's explanation.

Moonshine's development is nearing completion, so combat majors should be able to quickly learn and get used to enchantments with her help.

"I never thought this would actually get made."

"And the other?"

"That's almost done, too."

Power cartridges are also in the works, though not as much as Moonshine.

As far as I'm concerned, the Royal Class first years don't make sense.

Four of the first graders awakened to magical enhancement on their own.

A group of magic students are on the verge of creating two objects that could change the course of human history.

The reality of Royal Class right now is that only combat majors and magic majors are doing crazy things.

The power of humanity has accumulated, and if the Gate does not open, the accumulated power will be directed at me.

There are other problems as well. Too much brilliance can attract the wrong kind of attention.

Harriet sips her black tea and sighs heavily.

"You don't really think this is all due to your foresight, do you?"

I asked her to make something ridiculous, and she made it, so it's my ball. Harriet glares at me, as if I shouldn't think that way.

I've done this, so you think I'm going to ask you to make even weirder things in the future.

"Sure."

"......What the hell, I thought you were going to freak out."

This was not the reaction I was expecting, and I could tell that Herriot was a little taken aback.

He thought he'd order something even more bizarre this time.

Harriet sips her tea and stares out at the terrace.

"Uh, Riana......."

There it was, Riana running through the Temple in the dead of winter.

After seeing Klippmann's condition, I felt like I was back to personal training. Because running is not something you want to do with someone else.

Herriot follows her with his eyes as she runs off down the walkway.

He looked sad.

Riana has changed, Kliffman has changed. They're all getting stronger.

"I can't help it....... but it seems like everyone is changing......."

The presence of the Demon King is changing everyone. It's not like you're just training for the sake of training, practicing for the sake of practicing.

Someone has been given a special purpose. They're pushed harder because they have a purpose, and they're doing things they wouldn't normally do.

These changes seemed sad and scary to Herriot.



* * *



The Empire has recently experienced a very big event. The attack on Levaina by demons was one such event. The victims of this unfortunate attack included many of the Empire's highest nobles and most influential figures.

This was the third guerrilla war between the demons, fueling their fear and animosity toward the king.

However, there were a few people who knew the truth about the third raid.

Not surprisingly, Charlotte de Gradias was among them. Bertus outlined the revolutionary forces and, disguised as demons, blew them away.

There are a few people who know the truth, but not many, and they are the ones who will take the secret to their graves.

Spring Palace.

Charlotte took a sip of her milk tea.

"Why are you here?"

Bertus, who was sitting across from Charlotte, took a sip of his black tea and gave her a subtle smile.

It's not like they're visiting each other's palaces.

But Bertus was visiting Charlotte's palace now, and as this was not a common occurrence, Charlotte had no qualms about letting him into the Palace of Spring.

"Well, why do you think you're here?"

Charlotte's eyes narrowed at Bertus' words.

"I'm here to see what a loser looks like, that's all I can think of."

Loser.

At that, Bertus's mouth twitched in surprise.

He hadn't realized that Charlotte would be so receptive to the word.

Not only did he defeat one of the Empire's greatest enemies, the Revolutionaries, with no losses to the Empire, he swallowed them whole.

It's not something that can be publicized, but Bertus has done a great job.

Monarchs are expected to be efficient. Regardless of his personal affection for his children, the emperor will choose the most capable to be the next emperor.

Bertus has proven himself capable.

And Charlotte proved nothing.

Since my release from the Demon Castle, I've spent so much time dealing with the aftermath that I haven't fully recovered from it.

Charlotte meekly admitted her defeat.

"I thought you thought you were being unfair. I'm surprised."

"It's not fair. But it's also true that I can't, or won't, try to do as well as you, even with all the problems I have."

If only he hadn't been kidnapped by the demon castle, if only the demon's spirit hadn't possessed him, if only he hadn't been so obsessed with finding the child.

We can hypothesize, but it's pointless. Charlotte chose to do something, and in that moment she had already decided to risk something, and in the end she gained nothing, and Bertus, who had been acting on behalf of the empire, gained something.

So Charlotte accepts defeat, even though the outcome is not a foregone conclusion.

"Maybe it was all meaningless.

Even if you are freed from the demonic spirit, you still face a future in which you must die because you have been eliminated from the race to the throne.

There's nothing but death this way, nothing but death that way.

Born into a world of privilege, Charlotte and Bertus are destined to live a life of win or die.

Bertus narrows his eyes and looks at Charlotte.

"Isn't it unfair, if it was me who was kidnapped instead of you, maybe the outcome wouldn't have been this way?"

"I don't think it's fair, and I don't think it's fair, and I don't think it's going to work if we're all complaining about it, right?"

So when Bertus scratched her with a win in the bag like that, Charlotte didn't get angry or lose her temper.

We have a result, and we accept it.

If anything, this is a weak defense.

If you get down on your knees and beg for your life, you might as well be deported. Something tells me I'd rather not say that.

Bertus stares at Charlotte, who seems to be accepting the outcome with aplomb.

The smile faded from Bertus's face.

"That's not funny."

He had what he wanted, he had knocked out his only competition, but he couldn't feel any sense of victory. Bertus looked disappointed.

"Yeah, you're not having fun. It's all I can do now to make sure you don't get too triumphant. What do you think, is this kind of fun?"

What I can do now is not to do something to beat you, but to accept defeat so gracefully that you can't get a sense of victory.

That's all there is to it. At that, Bertus smiles again, this time coyly.

"If you do this, Reinhardt will have worked for nothing."

"......!"

She figured she'd find out someday. But the cruel timing of the name made Charlotte's eyes widen.

He knows about Reinhardt's rescue of Charlotte. He knows about what happened at the Palace of Spring, and if so, he knows about being the Champion of Tuan.

"I'm trying to say something."

Charlotte, who up until this point had taken whatever Bertus had to say with a grain of salt, saw hostility in his eyes.

"Ugh, the mere mention of Reinhardt's name makes you look like you want to strangle me. It must be working."

I'll just have to bring up Reinhardt in the future to provoke you, Bertus chuckled.

But Charlotte wasn't in the mood for jokes right now.

"If you touch Reinhardt, I will kill you, no matter what. No matter what. No matter what."

"That's a plea that sounds like a threat."

"......."

It's a thorn in her side, but she's begging him not to hurt Reinhardt. Bertus looks at Charlotte and smiles.

I've come to terms with my own insecurities.

But in the end, you lose and you're left with yourself.

Reinhardt is desperate.

"Do me a favor."

"......what?"

"Kneel or whatever. Just don't touch Reinhardt."

Bertus looks at Charlotte with a sinister smile.

"Do me a favor."

"......."

Charlotte stares into Bertus's eyes. Charlotte seems to consider for a moment, then slowly rises from her chair.

Then he took a few steps toward Bertus and dropped his knees to the ground.

In your own palace.

Charlotte kneels before Bertus.

Keeping her head down, Charlotte says still.

"He was just trying to help me, I might die, he was trying to save me, that's all. He was....... He wasn't trying to be your enemy, he wasn't trying to pretend with you. He just couldn't leave me alone....... That's why he did it......."

Reinhard was not your enemy, nor did he intend to be. He was just trying to save his friend.

"Reinhardt to....... Leave him alone. Please....... Please......."

Charlotte kneels and pleads with Bertus in a trembling voice.

Bertus stares at Charlotte as she does so.

This is Charlotte de Gradias, always arrogant and proud. She was Charlotte de Gradias, who could stab you and not draw a drop of blood. Her backstabbing was routine, and she was always cruel and brutal to her opponents. And her tactics were always intimidating.

I thought Charlotte would be a huge obstacle when she came back.

But after the demonization.

Too many things have changed.

Charlotte de Gradias, the proud, arrogant, rival to beat, who didn't know what was going through her mind, was gone.

Only now, she's not begging for her life, she's kneeling in front of herself, begging him not to touch a boy in her class.

Ever since I got back from Demon Island.

Charlotte was like a glass that would shatter if you touched it wrong.

Taken as a princess, Charlotte de Gradias has been just a girl ever since.

As if something important had been broken in the Demon City. As if they had lost all the attitudes and purposes of life that they had been forced to acquire by living as an exalted being.

She had been searching for the mysterious child who had saved her life, and now she had no reason to look for him. All he could do was lean on Reinhardt.

In the first place, Charlotte hasn't been an enemy of Bertus for a very long time.

You haven't won.

The girl who couldn't be her enemy, who didn't want to be her enemy. A girl who was merely holding a place in the line of succession to the throne, now kneeling before a rival who had grown too big for her to handle.

I don't even know why he's kneeling, but he's trying to beg me not to touch the one person he's leaning on.

Bertus looked down at the trembling Charlotte.

Suddenly, I realize.

If it wasn't an enemy in the first place.

Maybe we don't even need to kill it.

I'm going to be dragged to the demon castle, lose everything, lose everything, fail at everything I've tried to do, and lose my life.

Victory.

was also unpleasant.

Charlotte doesn't even have a reason to kneel before him.

I should have told you to try Reinhardt once. You don't think you'll be safe if you mess with Tuan's champion. On the contrary, your political position will crumble.

It should have said.

Charlotte doesn't know that.

But just in case.

Just in case.

There's a small chance that you might actually touch Reinhardt.

That's why Charlotte bent the knee to Bertus. To erase even the tiniest possibility.

Kneeling for others, not yourself. Kneeling, head bowed, looking down at Charlotte, her slender shoulders shaking.

"Really......."

Putting down the teacup.

"That's not funny."

Bertus basked in his hollow victory.





