Episode 376.





While there is no threat of war from the remnants of the demonic forces, humanity is once again in fear of demons as they wage guerrilla warfare everywhere.

There is no clear enemy stronghold in Darklands.

Demons can appear out of nowhere and attack humans at any time.

I could feel the fear spreading across the continent.

The reason for this was the return of Temple students from winter break, which hadn't even ended yet.

"The students are coming back."

"You'd think the temple would be safe."

From one of the hills along the Temple Walk, Mr. Epinhauser and I looked down on the Temple, which was now as crowded as it had been during the school year, with students returning to their homes for winter break.

Students who had gone home were returning to Temple in large numbers because they thought it would be safe.

Unaware that the demon they fear most is looking down on them from the middle of the temple.

Mr. Effinghauser didn't laugh at them or tell them I was the devil.

If he called me, it's because he had something to tell me.

"The order made a number of possible inferences about Akasha's capabilities, but none of them were certain."

"I see."

In the end, you won't know what Akasha is until you see it, or until you meet Cantus Magna.

"But I think it's safe to say that an artifact that records magic indefinitely is never going to be a good thing."

Unusual things are supposed to cause unusual things to happen.

"To truly engage Cantus Magna this time, the Order will take an unusually large risk."

The Black Order didn't know what Akasha was, but they were looking to end their longstanding acquaintance.

"Will you cooperate?"

The answer to that question was already in place.

"I'm already in the same boat, so why bother?"

Joining hands with the Black Order to bring in the Cantus Magna. Effinghauser stood still, looking down the hill.

It was time to talk about how to bring Cantus Magna into the fold. And what role the Order would play in that, and what I and my faction would need to do.

But Effinghauser was speechless.

"It can't be something you did."

"It's ......."

I knew what that meant.

A series of events leading up to the death of Duke Granz.

People don't know what the devil wants, so they think they can do anything to get it.

I raided the Crusaders and killed Leviathan Ranze.

So you could raid a small southern nation's capital and accidentally kill all of the Merchant Guild's big investors on the outskirts of town.

I don't know if Epinhauser is aware of the revolutionary forces, but I'm sure he realizes that the quality of this event is different from what we've seen before.

It also seemed to know that I didn't do it.

"Is it unfair?"

That's not a question for the Black Order, that's a question for my teacher.

At his question, I stare down at the hill.

The commotion has prompted many students to return to Temple to spend the rest of their winter break.

"I don't know."

What are you going to do about it?

There's still more work to be done.

"So, what do I do now?"

"Lich's tomb has been discovered in Darklands."

"Rich?"

"Yeah."

It was too abrupt.

"Of course adventurers will flock to it."

Adventurers were still scouring the Darklands, and the cursed Tiamata had been found there.

In the process of discovering things and uncovering new treasures, Richie's dungeon was discovered.

"The spellbooks in Ritchie's tomb will be coveted by Cantus Magna....... Is that so?"

"That may be, but I doubt the Lich has developed any great sobriety. Sure, he's a powerful wizard, far beyond the norm, but that's not something Cantus Magna would covet."

Eppinhauser's reference to Ritchie gives me a sense of the Black Order and Cantus Magna's familiarity with magic.

"But what's important to note is that while Richie's grave was discovered two months ago, it's only been known for about a week that it's actually Richie's grave."

The first discoverers of the dungeon would have been killed by the lich or died in the dungeon before they could report their discovery.

Perhaps you've been exploring in the direction of the unreturned adventurers, and the surviving adventurers have just learned of Richie's grave.

"The Order intends to fortify the tomb of the Reach."

"Enhance?"

"Yes. We plan to make it known that what's there is more than a lich. We'll manipulate rumors to make it seem even more mysterious and strange than it is. We'll build mazes around the dungeon, create anomalies, unleash ominous minions, chimeras, and homunculi. Hopefully, adventurers will think they've encountered an Akrich, albeit a fictional one that's the stuff of legend."

Bait the hook.

A decoy named Akrich.

"Adventurers will come in droves, and some of the living will be sent with spells of an unearthly quality. Ominous, but too great a discovery to ignore."

"......."

Cantus Magna will not covet the scrolls in Lich's tomb.

That's why the Black Order sets up traps to make the discovered Reach dungeon appear to be the home of something far more powerful and dangerous. Even the insignificant book that the miraculous survivors flee with in their hands is a major discovery for the wizarding world.

It was about artificially sowing sobriety or the arts into the world.

A few books, but what magic or treasures lie beneath the surface?

I'm sure word will spread, and if it does, I'm sure Cantus Magna will know about it.

"Wait. Then it's not Cantus Magna that's the problem, it's the other adventurers and mages."

At that, Effinghauser stares at me.

"I told you, Order is taking a very big risk on this one."

He was prepared for a large group of adventurers, and he didn't care if they lost their lives.

Of course, there's also the problem of adventurers who know it's a dangerous place and go there blinded by the promise of a quick buck.

The cantus magna is a structure where people keep dying until the real big fish is caught.

Richie's grave has been found.

But apart from the lich, it disguises the tomb as the tomb of a very powerful being.

"So Rich in that tomb is....... That would be a weird situation."

Isn't it a situation where you're standing still and outside forces are rampaging? Isn't it a situation where you're standing still in your tomb, researching magic, and suddenly adventurers are knocking on your door talking about Akrichini?

"Don't worry about that. We've already agreed to cooperate."

"Cooperate?"

"Yeah, I didn't kill him because a grave needs an owner."

No.

I'm going to break into the lich's tomb and write something here.

It's okay, make yourself comfortable (not in your own home).

Was it like this?

I felt sorry for Richie, who didn't have a face.

"The tomb will need to be enlarged, and we'll need to work on the binding and enchantments around the dungeon. Even as we speak, the Order is working on it."

Draw in Cantus Magna.

The Black Order was willing to unleash countless arcane arts on the world to do so. They planned to add to Lich's dungeon, making it more complex and dangerous than its original structure.

"What can I say....... who runs a dungeon to attract cantus magna....... or something like that."

"It's going to happen, so to speak."

Running a dungeon.

Of course, that's what the Black Order does, not me, but the means to an end is a bit messy.

Richie's tomb has been discovered, and after subduing the original owner and forcibly expanding the tomb to make it more dangerous, he waits for his true prey to arrive.

The dungeon loses its value the moment it is dug up, and no one should ever penetrate its depths, so the dungeon must continue to suck in adventurers, occasionally letting them escape with treasure.

But in the process, it's very likely that you'll send out an expedition that's not a cantus magna, but a bunch of powerhouses from the wrong group.

That's why the Black Order wants to attempt to erase Cantus Magna from the world forever, even though they know it's very dangerous.

It's a very dangerous thing to do, turning off continent-level aggro, and a lot of adventurers will die.

"But....... Wouldn't it be easier to pose as a genius with lots of magic, or a reclusive wizard....... Wouldn't that be more comfortable?"

Do we really need to go down this path?

Wouldn't it be nice to have a storyline where a reclusive archmage emerges from hiding? He's spent a lot of time researching and developing a lot of magic, and I don't think he'd be attracted to unnecessary aggro.

"Then you'll be hunted down by warlocks with tons of gold. You'll end up in a fight, too. Only it'll be bigger."

"Ah."

The latter is the more dangerous of the two: adventurers seeking treasure, or a reclusive archmage who has developed a myriad of secrets.

The Wizards' Guild can threaten you to turn over your research, and if you don't, they'll hunt you down as a Wizards' Guild, not as a group of adventurers.

If anything, Epinhauser's comment about the scale of the fight being bigger for the human mage turning off the aggro was eerie.

The work of the Darklands is what happens beyond the borders of the human world.

Because of that psychological distance, a significant number of humans are turned off to some degree by whatever is there.

But if you tell them there's a dangerous warlock inside their world, they'll stomp on it like it's fire underfoot.

Epinhouser's point of view that building a dungeon would be a less bloody way to go made sense to me.

The Black Order creates fake dungeons to lure people in.

But it's far more dangerous than a real dungeon, and it's likely to hold powerful treasures.

But it's unlikely that the Black Order is doing this to benefit themselves.

We had to want something, too.

"First of all, if you guys have any magic that can affect the configuration of the dungeon or the external environment, I'm all for it."

"Yes."

"And the most important thing."

EpinHauser sees me.

"The original owner, a lich, is a powerful mage and has agreed to cooperate with us, but we'll need a powerful force in case of emergencies. The Order will be sending one, but I'd like you to send one as well, so that you and I can each be in charge of the dungeon, so to speak."

They weren't wrong.

By the way.

After all, you're in the owner's house talking to the owner's doctor.

I feel like something more than trash.

"Let's talk about it."

A plan to attract Cantus Magna.

Running a fake dungeon.

I didn't know how this would play out, but I knew that word would have to spread as quickly as possible to attract Cantus Magna.

And one who can claim to be the watchman of the dungeon.

But who's going to do that for you?



* * *



High Epiaxis.

"I'll do it."

Antirhoniously agreed to hear the details.

Calling the Vampire Council to discuss the matter, Antirrhynchus answered, much to everyone's consternation.

It's great that the council is happening a day after I forwarded the request to Lucinil.

I think we've made everyone but Antirrhinus look bad.



Eleris, Galarsh, Lerouen, and Lucinil all stared at Antrian.

What's wrong with you?

The looks on their faces were like this.

"......Don't you think you're being too hasty?"

At my question, Antirrhinus chuckled hollowly.

"If anything, I think it's a very good position to be in."

"Good?"

Lucinil shook his head.

"First of all, the idea of luring Cantus Magna by making an already existing dungeon a more dangerous place than it is known to be is amusing, but didn't you say that you would eventually lay out a number of baits for him?"

The Black Order was willing to take the risk and leak a lot of the spells and arts. And I, for one, am willing to help with any spellbooks that might be useful in the bunkers of the Demon Castle.

"I'm not sure why you wouldn't want the job, given that you'd have access to a whole bunch of visions to use as bait."

a.

Was that how you approached it?

"It's the vision of the Black Order....... Of course, it's limited in scope......."

Lerouen nodded in agreement, and the others looked convinced.

Being a dungeon manager is not a chore, it's a position that gives you access to an unlimited number of banned books and visions that the Black Order can use as bait. These are the things they've decided to bait the world with anyway, and they're not going to let Antony see them.

You're not a dungeon watchman, you're a glimpse into the visions of the Black Order.

This meant that it was just eating the raw meat and had no other intentions.

By the way.......

There's something subtly crush-worthy about being overly honest. Still a bit cheesy, though.

Antirrhinus, don't you think you're actually not thinking about it?

"I'll leave it to the Lord of Saturday to take care of that, then, and I'll communicate with the Lord of Wednesday later about the time and place you'll need to meet with the Order members."

"I look forward to your arrival, Great One."

I was expecting a lot of back and forth about who's going to do this, and that Elise or Lucinil would end up doing it begrudgingly.

The greedy old man was happy to take on the job, and it was done without much discussion.





