Episode 380.





Tana looks dumbfounded, but she brushes herself off and looks at Ellen.

"You can't take an opponent's life with a smite, assuming you're using enchantments on each other. Moo, sure, it was a little embarrassing......."

Tana was caught off guard by it in the first place, partly because she didn't think Ellen would use it in the first place, and partly because she knew it wouldn't be a useful move in the real world.

If Tana had been using her power enhancement correctly, Ellen's blow would have been one of the worst things she could have done, playing into the hands of someone more skilled than her.

Embarrassed by Ellen's sudden use of such a low blow, Tana stammered.

What to say.

But he's a warrior brother and he's really good at it, so why wouldn't he?" etc.

It was a kind of vigilance that comes with trust.

"I don't think I can compete with ...... if I don't do this."

At that, Tana fell silent for a moment.

I felt like if I didn't do something like this, I was going to lose a hundred percent, so this is what I came up with.

In fact, I've done it anyway.

'uh.......'

"Is that right......?

He nods in agreement.

"It's good to poke at the votes. But don't rely on these numbers too much. But....... That number was great. Because I did get hit."

Of course, she eventually acknowledged Ellen's base, seemingly impressed that she had managed to pull a fast one on her, albeit an unexpected one.

It was an adult response.

"I'm sorry."

Ellen inclined her head toward Savior Tana, who thought it was rude.

I didn't think I'd be able to come up with an answer that wasn't a slap in the face.

What to say.

I can't believe she's doing such a cute thing.

Of course, if you weren't Tana, you would have broken your nose the moment you took that punch.

"There's no need to apologize. It's a skill to find those numbers to deal with opponents you can't deal with head-to-head."

"It's ......."

It's well-meaning but ultimately gets on Ellen's nerves. Of course, she doesn't even realize that she's ignoring Saviolin Tana.

She doesn't need to talk to anyone in her class at her level in the first place.

"Let's try again."

As if that kind of surprise wouldn't work this time, Saviolin Tana pointed her dueling blades at Ellen.

"Yes."

As if to say that she wasn't going to use the shallow end from now on, Ellen also started a confrontation with Xavier Tana.

Naturally.

It was all Ellen.

Of course, there is grace in defeat.

She's never been one to play with it at all, like the three of us.



* * *



Unlike the first time she was punished with a slap, Tana didn't do it twice, and Ellen didn't try it twice.

So the result of the five practice matches was a total loss.

Of course, it was a fierce battle. Tana wasn't playing at full strength to gauge Ellen's capabilities, but that didn't make it any easier for her.

After five such practice matches, Tana looked at us.

"You two go back, except for Ellen and Reinhardt."

Klippmann and Ludwig were a bit dumbfounded by this, but Tana's mood was not a joke, so Ludwig and Klippmann left the theater.

It sent them back, except for me.

I could see what Tana was trying to do.

"Now take 'it' out."

"......."

"I need to see what you're really made of."

Saviolin Tana is seeing Ellen Artorius' skills for the first time today.

Ellen didn't compete in the tournament, and she's not a certified swordsmanship teacher.

A practice match is a practice match after all. Just as Tana can't take it seriously, Ellen doesn't fight through gritted teeth.

She was currently the strongest prosecutor in the Empire, and seemed to be trying to determine Ellen's exact capabilities.

Ellen wordlessly summoned a ramen in her right hand.

Ellen has one more holy object. But she only told me about it for now, and she hasn't taken it out yet.

Tana's dueling sword is enchanted with blue energy.

A worn out water lance would break or cut off just by bumping into lement.

Swordmaster's Proof. Auror Blade.

Ellen stared at the magic coursing through Tana's sword.

She is beyond even the Swordmaster. Savior Tana stares at Ellen with a serious expression on her face, as if this is no longer a joke.

"Do it with the intention of killing me."

It's very similar to what happened with Klippmann not too long ago, but it's a very different situation.

It's okay to kill it.

You'll never be able to kill me.

That's what I meant.

"Yes."

Ellen looks at Tana on the viola and takes a deep breath.

She won't even think about it. She knows that no matter how sincere you are, you're no match for her.

Enchanted, Ellen is crushed by Savior Tana, who is carrying a bowl of ramen.

-Bam!

The collision of auror blades and laments sent an ear-splitting ripple through the haze.

It's not just about the gong sound.

"!"

The impact of the Auror's blade was enough to send both hands holding Ellen's ramen almost soaring into the air.

My chest opened.

Tana seized the opportunity.

-Bam!

"Evil......!"

Ellen gasped, her left fist still in the air.

"Eek....... Yuck......!"

Tana watches as Ellen gasps for air, clutching her chest as her enchantments are removed.

"The Auror Blade is more than just a sharp sword. With waves of energy at their disposal, they can deliver a powerful counter-balance to their opponents just by striking them."

"Hmph....... Hehe......."

"I was going to make you lose the sword, but you're holding on to it, so I'll give you credit for that."

It's a no-brainer, but this is what Ellen looks like in one hit.

I was shocked to see it too.

"Hmph....... Hehe......."

Tana looks down at Ellen with a cold stare.

"You are strong, and you will be stronger."

"......."

"Just as the fundamentals of swordsmanship must change the moment you use an enchantment, the fundamentals of swordsmanship must change again the moment you use an Auror blade. So, if your opponent is a Swordmaster, you must not treat them the way you have been treating them."

"......."

"I'll teach you how to deal with Swordmasters when they're not Swordmasters, how to deal with Archmages. How to deal with monsters, demons, fiends, and armies."

So far, Ludwig, myself, and Klippmann have been talking at eye level. I've taught us what we need to do now.

But.

Ellen is suddenly taught how to deal with the Swordmaster.

If Tana comes out of nowhere, it's because she sees a possibility in her practice match with Ellen.

"Wake up, Ellen Artorius."

"......."

Ellen kept her gaze fixed on the floor of the rehearsal hall and caught her breath.

"You are not free to be weak."

It has to be strong.

To protect what's important to you.

Like if you're going to take on something, you should be able to handle this level of harshness.

Ellen slowly rises to her feet. Ellen Artorius's eyes are not dead.

The mightiest knight in the empire is trying to tell you something from the bottom of his heart.

I could see in his eyes that he was determined to learn.

Saviolin Tana looks at Ellen impassively.

"If only it were me, not these young ones.

"That would be great.

'Why, the gods have chosen you to be the Devil's arch-enemy.......'

'Why do you guys have to get hurt.......'

'Is there still no role for me.......'

Tana read the emotions on her face.

"Here we go."

"It's ......."

In woe.

She seemed to foresee some sad fate in the two of us.



* * *



Tana seemed impatient. As if she felt that if she didn't get stronger quickly, while she still had time, she might be killed for nothing when she really needed it.

In the original movie, Tana took on Ludwig and Ellen, the holders of the Holy Grail, after the Gate had already been blown up. Even then, Tana was rough with Ludwig, but less so with Ellen. Even then, Ellen was already somewhat complete, and Ludwig still had a lot to work on.

But for now, there's a sense of urgency, but there's still time.

That's why Tana is focusing on Ellen, who has more potential for growth. Plus, she doesn't have an owner for Alsbringer yet.

Ludwig and Klippmann told me what I needed to fix at this stage.

But she said she would teach Ellen how to fight.

How to fight swordmasters, archmages, demons, fiends, and armies.

We want to teach you how to kill something.

"Reinhard, you come over here too."

And I have the holy relics.

As if I'm an exception to the rule, Savior Tana stops me and Ellen in our tracks.

"What is a master class?"

"Someone who can use an Auror blade."

"So what is this auror thing?"

"I thought you were referring to the ability to enchant beyond the physical body."

"Yeah."

She nodded, as if it were a commonplace answer and not necessarily wrong.

"So let's say your main weapons are your fists and feet, you can channel magic into your feet and fists, is that a master class?"

When your primary weapon becomes enchanted, hit it with Master Class.

So, if you're in melee for the long haul, is it already a master class the moment you enchant, because you've learned how to enchant your main weapon?

"......I don't think so."

Of course not.

"I suppose so. It's usually called a master class when you can enchant things other than your own body, but that's just the output, not the actual thing."

Saviolin Tana has lowered her training sword, her hair coated in blue mana. Ellen and Tana are both energized by each other.

While both are enchanting their bare bodies, Ellen and Tana look a little different.

Ellen has gone from using very explosive powers to more refined powers, but Tana's powers feel extremely controlled.

If Ellen's body felt blue, Tana's body felt like a blur.

Extremely refined enchantments.

If anything, it felt like they optimized the enchantment itself by minimizing unnecessary consumption because it was a faint light.

"A master class is when a disenchantment is taken to the extreme. Come closer. Maintain your enchantment."

At Tana's direction, Ellen stepped in front of her.

It was a little embarrassing to have Tana show up as if she was going to show me something amazing.

With the middle and index finger of your right hand together, point it at Ellen's forehead.

It's the common chestnut.

"????"

Ellen's face lit up with questions.

No, a grandmaster's hard chestnut.

Are you going to kill Ellen?

-Earth!

Tana's swat landed with a thud on Ellen's forehead, but she didn't seem to be in any pain. Her head was only slightly knocked back.

By the way.

It's kind of weird to hear a beetle make that noise.......

"It must feel like metal on metal, right?"

"Yes."

Ellen nods.

"This is the magic enhancement you do. The formation of powerful shields, and the enhancement of physical abilities."

At our level, we're not quite there yet.

"Okay, now try this one."

Tana once again prepares the chestnuts.

This time it's different.

Ellen looks at Tana's scabbard against her forehead.

"......."

No.

I don't think I've ever seen him scared before.

Watch her eyes flutter as she pretends not to!

Ellen is freaking out!

It's weird that I'm more afraid of a bee sting than a fist bump.

That would scare me too!

"......."

Ellen's shoulders began to shake slightly, and Tana turned her gaze to me in disapproval.

"Me....... Me?"

I might actually die.

I'm sick of the whiteness of my complexion, too.

Let's do that.

"Let's just say I'm right."

Suddenly, Ellen stopped trembling and said, "I'm sorry. Her eyes narrowed in determination.

No.

Ya.

What does this make me?

"No sir, I'll just beat myself to death."

If you become the right picture instead of me, I'm bound to end up like this!

I'm not sure I'm not going to die, but let's just say it. Tana looked back and forth between me and Ellen, then dropped her finger.

"......On second thought, I don't think I need to hit him, and I'm not going to hit him hard enough to kill him."

Tana sighed in embarrassment and dropped her hand.

Both Ellen and I breathed an involuntary sigh of relief at the sight of those murderous fingers.

"It's just, you know, something like that."

She flicks a crackling chestnut into the air.

-Bam!

A fierce sound rang out from Tana's fingers, more like the explosion of gunpowder than the snap of a finger.

What did I just hear?

"That's the difference between a master class and a disenchantment."

"......."

Now, you were going to grind that into my forehead.

Ellen looks at Tana with that kind of stare.

"Well, hmmm. Oh, well, you didn't do it anyway....... Hmm."

She avoided Ellen's gaze, embarrassed.

"How did you do that?"

"It's an aggressive use of disenchantment."

"Offensive operations......?"

"Yes, you and Reinhardt are skilled at enhancing your powers, but you've only gotten as far as strengthening your bodies internally and gaining protection externally through the release of your powers. This is the next level."

The mana in her right hand seemed to refine, then suddenly exploded in her right hand alone, burning as if it were about to explode.

"At some point, you're probably going to get to the point where you can just release a burst of magic throughout your body. And then it gets more and more granular. From full body to just the right foot, to just the right arm, to just the right arm down to the habak, to just the hand, and then just the fingers."

Tana held up her index finger, and a spark of magic flickered like a blue flame only on her index finger.

The ability to detonate enchantments at a level that only adds armor is now possible.

Start with the whole body and work your way down.

The more you focus your magic, rather than radiate it, the more destructive it will be.

From Tana's fingers, which seem to be engulfed in blue flames, the flames begin to concentrate into a single point.

"Slowly, you get used to focusing your disenchantment in smaller and smaller increments across your entire body, to one extreme point."

"In detail."

"Focus."

As Tana says this, the lights on her fingers begin to glow, gathering at her fingertips.

"Eventually, we'll be able to have enchantments at our fingertips."

"Self. and beyond this stage."

She gripped her lowered training sword.

The cultivation sword in her hand gradually became engulfed in blue flames, as if ignited by the sparks of magic gathering at the tip of her index finger.

"This is what happens when you reach the extremes of horsepower operations."

The ability to enchant, refined to the point of being able to enchant things beyond the boundaries of your body.

"That's the condition of the master class."

Once you can do that, you've reached the master class.





