Episode 382.





Tana's training sessions were very long. It lasted until after dark.

I even had a scenario where Ellen was one-on-one with me, me one-on-one with Ellen, and the two of us sieging Tana.

Ellen faced her with ramen and I with tiamata.

Of course she was no match. Even if Tana had been a Swordmaster, she would have been no match for her, but she was beyond even that. Even if Rament's attacks did manage to reach her, they would only bounce off her body with half a second's momentum.

I don't know how long it took for that to happen.

"That's it for today. Go back and get some rest. I'll see you here tomorrow at the same time."

Tana seemed determined to keep watching our training unless she had a special assignment.

Both Ellen and I were so exhausted that we had to go to the on-call chaplain's office to recover.

The sun was long gone and it was past my standard bedtime.

It was training for a fight with someone much stronger than us. Ellen looked serious.

I wonder if he thinks he's going to be fighting more demons than he can handle.

"I'm hungry."

"......."

Damn, all you wanted to do was eat it. Ellen glares at me as she says this.

"Yeah, let's get something to eat."

I usually work out a lot, but today I did more damage than good. Let's get something to eat and rest.

I'm sure it'll blow up again tomorrow.



* * *



Ellen and I grilled four large beef sirloins. Not exactly an ambitious nighttime meal, but then again, nothing we make at night is really a nighttime meal in the first place.





-Omnibus

He usually eats a lot, but when he says he's hungry, he really eats a lot.

He eats a lot, but not voraciously. They continue to eat at the same pace as they started, with their tiny mouths constantly wiping.

I've been living like this for a while now.

Talking to Ellen all day and then making something to eat at night.

I've been skipping a few days lately, but in the end, this is what happened most often in the temple.

Eating a big meal before going to bed with Ellen.

"You know, I've been thinking, maybe your and my real talent is this whole eating and sleeping straight through the night thing and not getting reflux esophagitis thing?"

Isn't it a talent that I don't have any stomach problems with what I eat before bed on fictional days?

Apparently he and I are the best in the world at camouflage.

"......?"

Judging by the blank look on his face when he didn't understand what I was talking about, I'm guessing he'll never have a problem with his internal organs.

In the end, I ate one steak and Ellen ate three.

"Do you want more?"

"No, thank you."

Ellen shook her head, as if that was enough. I can't believe I'm going to have to watch her refuse to eat.

No, I didn't. You've had three.

"Then let's take a break. I feel like I'm in some kind of psychological pain that won't go away even when I'm healed."

It was Ellen who took the brunt of the beating, but so did I.

Still, Ellen makes dramatic movements to try to make the angle of the hit as painless as possible, and I can't do that.

I understand the sense of urgency and the path that my mood is showing me, but I can't react to it.

The pain was manageable, but I was literally mentally exhausted and all I wanted to do was rest.

"You know me."

I start to get up, but Ellen stops me.

"What?"

"Come to think of it, master class, I think I can handle it."

I couldn't help but blink at the sound of that.

"Suddenly?"

"Yeah, follow me."

Ellen rose from her seat and led me to the stage.



* * *



I realized what else Ellen was trying to show me.

Ellen's cloak draped over her shoulders as she brought me to the rehearsal hall in her Class A dorm.

This is the lapelt, the sun god's cloak, that we showed you last time.

Ellen hadn't told Tana about the Sun God's cloak. As long as we're the owners of the artifact, Tana said, we might not be able to deal with a Master, but we might be able to avoid or escape it somehow.

Ellen seemed to think that if she combined that with the rappel, she could take on the masters.

Come to think of it.

I don't know what the sun god's cloak does in the first place.

"What is that thing?"

A holy relic in the form of a cloak.

"Throw one at me."

"What, you want me to throw it?"

"Yeah. Anything."

There's nothing here to throw, so I grabbed a water lily sword because it was all over the place.

"You want me to throw this?"

"Yes."

I don't think she's going to get hurt. She's only wearing a cloak. Thinking nothing of it, I threw the water lily at her.

And.

-Quack!

Just before the blade touched Ellen's body, there was an explosion of flame in the air, and she saw the blade shatter into pieces.

"......What is it?"

What did I just see?

Just before it touched down, a barrier of flames intercepted it out of thin air, as if it were an auto-attack.

"Lapelts have the power to protect."

I had a feeling it was a defense-related holy grail.

But that's not protection. The moment an attack hits, it's not only blocking it, it's also applying a recoil force that causes the sparks to explode.

It's a defense, but it's also an offense.

Apparently, Ellen and I had a couple of successful attacks on Tana as we collaborated.

Saviolin Tana's sword was loaded with anti-elasticity, but her body itself was loaded with anti-elasticity as well, so a successful attack would often be met with a tremendous jolt that would snap her wrist backwards.

"No, wait a minute....... Then that's......."

Ellen nods at my dazed mumbling.

"Yeah, it's not much different than what you're using."

Whenever you are attacked, you return a powerful countermovement. Whether it's a wave of magic or a blast of flame, it's the same: you're hitting back at the attacker.

Ellen's laments already function similarly to auror blades in their own right.

Ellen's lapel, in and of itself, functions like the Auror armor already used in the Master Classes.

Moon Sword.

Cloak of the Sun.

"You....... so you're effectively a Swordmaster, right?"

"I wouldn't call it that, but I think it's close."

Ellen was not much different from the Swordmaster in that she had two holy items.

Temptation.

That's pretty scary.......

Of course, even if Ellen isn't the owner, anyone who gets their hands on these two holy objects will be able to do two things that Swordmasters can do at the same time. Of course, who holds them is also very important.

It would be difficult for someone of Ellen's caliber to use those two holy items properly. I don't know what it would be like to fight a real Swordmaster, but at this point, Ellen might actually be able to hold her own against a Master.

I've gotten to the point where I can see him fighting masters, even if he's aided by a bullshit artifact called the Holy Grail.

And Ellen hasn't even unleashed the true power of the holy objects yet.

The true power of Tiamata is the explosive release of powerful holy power. In my case, it allows me to use divine powers that I shouldn't be able to.

Alsbringer's true power is to summon the war god Als.

We don't know the true power of laments and lapels in any way.

But even in this state, the two holy relics were immensely powerful.

Auror Blades and Auror Armor.

What happens if Ellen, who already has both, truly reaches Master Class and is able to wield both powers? There may be no one in the world who can match her, as the powers of the artifacts will be amplified as well.

I thought, Am I going to have to watch that Ellen become my enemy one day?

In front of my frozen face, Ellen suddenly removed her cloak.

"......what are you doing?"

Ellen walked over to me and held out her cloak.

"I'll give it to you."

"...... this?"

"Yes."

It was so nonchalant that for a moment I didn't understand what Ellen was doing.

This.

Why.

To me.

"He'll need you more than I will."

Ellen is still smiling.

You are willing to give up one of the two things that make you a Swordmaster.

You said I'd need more.

I guess that means you're giving it to me because I'm weaker.

Yes.

In fact, I need it more. A lot of people are going to turn against me, and I need a shield, not a weapon, to defend myself against them.

The Sun God's cloak would certainly serve as such a shield.

should be received.

As Ellen says, this is something I really need. I don't know about her, but I'm sure this will save me from a lot of crises.

Ellen is smiling.

He seemed genuinely happy to be able to give me something.

It doesn't explain anything, it doesn't tell me anything.

It always gives to me. It rejoices in giving.

I should have gotten it.

I may be out of shape for a while, but I know it's for the best.

"No."

"......?"

"How am I supposed to get this?"

I pushed the cloak she held out toward Ellen.

"Your parents gave it to me because they care about you."

I can't accept that. I replied. Ellen must have had a lot on her mind. Giving me something her parents had given her would be disrespectful to their concerns.

He offered to give it to me, but I declined because he wanted to make sure I was okay.

"......."

Ellen lowered her eyes, realizing that my answer would not have been easy, and recalled the rapport.

"Still, thanks."

I hugged Ellen, whose grass had died a bit. Ellen looked confused for a moment, then pulled me into a face-to-face hug.

It was something I needed, but I didn't take it.

I couldn't have asked for more.

"I mean it."

My voice shook violently even as I thought. I hope he realizes I didn't take this.

Does this guy realize what I'm giving up?

"Me too, thanks."

Ellen whispers softly, pulling me closer to her, as if she knows.



[Special Achievement - History's Turning Point 'Ellen Artorius']]

[The future has changed dramatically].

[Earned 1,000 achievement points].



What is.

The future has changed?

You just said that not getting a lapel pin changed your future in some way.

I hug Ellen a little harder. I stroke Ellen's hair gently as she shivers slightly in my arms.

I couldn't figure out what had changed.

However, two assumptions can be made

Or that I'm going to die because I didn't take the lapel.

Or.

I didn't get a lapel.

Rather, you've survived something that should have killed you.

"Hey."

I call Ellen to stillness.

"......Yes."

"You know I like you a lot, right?"

Ellen's body jerks violently. She buries her face in my arms.

"Yes."

Ellen adds in a shaky voice.

"Me too, me too....... a lot."

We hugged for a long, long time.





