Episode 383.





Ellen handed me the rappel, and I didn't take it.

That alone changed the future.

I don't know how it's going to come at me.

With the winter break just around the corner, the four of us with magical powers were trained by Saviolin Tana.

And after Ludwig and Klippmann's training, Tana would focus on me and Ellen.

With most of the things I need to worry about out of my hands, and with my primary goal being to get stronger anyway, being taught by Saviolin Tana could only be a good thing for me.

Even as I was working through Tana's more intense than usual training regimen, things were happening.

Two of the most important ones.

"Done?"

"Yeah. The enhancement drug is going into the clinical phase, so I'm going to have the university lab do it, and the same goes for the mana artifact."

The Moonshine and Power Cartridge are complete.



* * *



I headed to the Ministry of Magic with Harriet.

The Magical Research Society, created in the second semester, succeeded in finishing two objects before the end of winter break.

But to make sure those two artifacts really work, I now have to hire a university lab to test them for safety, because that's not something you can do in a high school club.

It was originally created in the chaos that followed the Gate debacle.

In the midst of a war, we needed to use anything that would help us fight, so Moonshine and Power Cartridges went straight to work.

But these are peaceful times, even if the devil is at large, and as revolutionary as the body enhancement pills and power cartridges are, they won't be licensed until they've been proven to work.

Of course, with things like moonshine, you don't know if it's going to work right away, but with things like power cartridges, it's pretty easy.

An artifact that looks like an unusually designed necklace, in the form of a cuboidal blue magic stone the size of a sword, encased in a metallic cage.

That was the power cartridge.

"We're going to call it a power cartridge."

"That's fine."

The artifact is also named by Adelia, just like the original.

Adelia stares at the finished power cartridge.

He had a look of wonder on his face, as if he didn't understand what he had created.

"It's already been proven stable enough, but it's disposable. I suppose we could make it reusable by charging it with mana....... But that would make it bigger, and it might destabilize the mana stabilizer."

Power cartridges are literally like disposable fuel canisters. Once you've used all the horsepower inside, they're empty.

The original was disposable, but you can make it reusable?

But it also seems like something is wrong.

"Are you saying that this thing around ...... is a mana stabilizer?"

"Yes."

Adelia nodded at my words.

The mechanics of the power cartridge are beyond my comprehension, but the structure itself is simple.

A stabilizer that prevents the explosion of magic stones and their enchantments.

"This external stabilizer functions to counteract the instability of using the mana in the magic stone like mana in your body. Naturally, the stabilizer will become less and less durable as you use magic, so while you could build a device with rechargeable magic stones for multiple uses, it will explode if you use it for that long. The mana in the cartridge will inevitably be used in combat, so a magic replenishment device that is likely to explode in combat....... wouldn't make sense."

You could make it rechargeable, but the problem is that the longer you use it, the more likely it is to explode.

Of course, we don't expect it to be reused.

This in itself is already a world-shattering invention.

"You've done well. Now you'll go down in history as a great man."

"Uh, huh......? Is that, is that......?"

I said that to Adelia and looked at Harriet.

Power Cartridge and Moonshine.

I remember Harriet telling me that if something like that was built, the person who built it would go down in history as a great man, and that I shouldn't talk nonsense.

Well, it was eventually created.

Even Adelia, the creator, didn't seem to understand how she could have made it, but she did.

"No, if anyone saw it, they'd think you made it, really?"

Herriot muttered in disbelief at my determined gaze.

"Give me a topic, get me some money. You can't say I don't contribute, can you?"

I wasn't involved in the research at all, but my influence on the research environment was overwhelming. Of course, it's kind of funny how I used to say that I wasn't going to take credit for it, and then it happened.

"Well, since you put it that way, yes, but......."

Herriot eventually ran out of things to say and shut up.

The power cartridge is complete.

It even has reusability, something the original didn't have. I even had a research paper ready for Temple University, so Adelia could really go down in history as the wizard who changed history in high school.

Adelia and Christina may go down in history as better wizards than Heriot.

Of course, Adelia isn't the only one with her hand in it, so it seems likely that all of the members of the study group will eventually become stars of the wizarding world.

By the way.

That's really.......

Is this a good thing?

As I learned things I didn't know when I started the Magic Society, I realized there were other problems.

Moments later, I saw him demonstrating the magic of the power cartridge.

The demonstrator was Redina.

In the magic practice room, with a power cartridge strapped to her neck, Redina summoned a total of eighteen fireballs and fired them down.

-Quack, quack, quack!

Redina, who couldn't even cast any of the big spells with her meager horsepower, was shooting a ton of fireballs in a matter of seconds with her no-cast.

I thought you'd be excited.

-I am a god! God of magic! Come on, come on, come on!

It was a little dizzying to look beyond the dragon and see a kid claiming to be a god.

By the way.

Let's say that kid is carrying a hundred power cartridges.

He's a god, isn't he? He could single-handedly end the world. Of course, he wouldn't be able to strap on a hundred power cartridges.

A million fireballs.

That's a crazy talent bug that you can summon as soon as you think about it.

Without the disadvantage of having very little horsepower, Redina might just be the most dangerous mage in the world.

"You look good, senior."

Harriet laughed, covering her mouth, as she watched Redina jump up and down in excitement, sending fireballs into the pile.

-I'm God! Come on out! Come on out! Come on out!

-Bang, bang, bang, bang!

"Redina, isn't she so cute?"

Oops.

Just you.

It was just a spell to show that the cartridge wouldn't explode until all the mana was spent.

Redina fired off spells like a mad child for a while, and when no more fireballs were summoned, she walked out of the lab, unscrewing the glowing cartridge.

"@Huck....... 헉....... 지, 지친다......."

"Gee, I'm getting tired of yelling at you like that."

"Well, that's because......."

It's not the mana, it's the running around that's exhausting. Redina slumped into a chair, exhausted.

Adelia was the lead on the power cartridge study, but Redina was also a co-lead.

So she had a lot to do with the development of the power cartridge.

"So, junior, are you going to start working on my own cartridge now? I'm ready whenever you are."

"Soon we'll be able to make permanently usable cartridges."

Redina was thrilled to hear that she would soon be working on her own cartridge.

We had an impossible challenge, and we accomplished it.

So everyone's face was all smiles.



* * *



After checking the power cartridge, I checked the moonshine.

"If my theory isn't wrong, it will have the expected effect, and of course there will be no side effects, but we can't commercialize it right away because we have to do clinical trials... although it might be commercialized."

Christina said, looking at the pink reagent in the triangular flask.

Herriot says, looking at the triangular flask.

"They're calling it Moonshine."

Like the original, this one is named Moonshine.

A potion that increases your sensitivity to enchantments and increases the amount of enchantments you make. If Power Cartridges are for mages, these are for combat majors.

Most majors who have been struggling with enchantment will have their eyes opened to enchantment after drinking this, and those who already know how to enchant will quickly get the hang of it.

No matter how you slice it, it's still doping.

"Reinhard, would you like to try......?"

Anna brought me the pink liquid from the other container.

"Oh, Anna! Now, stop giving Reinhardt weird stuff!"

Herriot was horrified, but Anna crawled over to me.

I'm sure it's the same moonshine, but I'm so scared to give it to her! I think she's mixing something else!

"Don't drink that."

"Oh, no!"

Christina snatched the triangular flask from Anna's grasp and tossed it with a familiar flick.

-Bam!

At the very bottom, the flask shattered and the solution inside spread across the floor.

"Hey, Christina......!"

Herriot was rather surprised by Christina's outburst.

But neither Anna nor Christina seemed to mind the familiarity. Christina began to clean up the broken solution and glass shards as if it were an everyday occurrence.

How often does this happen, and why does Anna seem so used to being pampered?

Anna is scared, too.

Christina This one is scary in a different way.

"Is that....... What is that?"

"I don't know, Anna just keeps making things when she has time."

Did you just throw it on the floor without knowing what it was?

I think he's developed some toughness issues while working on Moonshine.

"Anyway, I'm pretty sure it's done, but it's going to be a long time before it's in the clinic, and it's going to be a long time before it's properly validated."

Christina holds up the triangular flask and looks at me.

"What do you say, do you want to try it? I'm sure it's safe, but I can't be responsible if something happens."

The finished moonshine. Christina is confident of its completion, but there may be side effects.

If you drink this, you will be the first person in the world to drink moonshine.

"No way."

"Well, you should probably stay calm and decide......."

I accepted the triangular flask. Harriet couldn't tell me not to drink it, but I could tell she was nervous about me drinking it, too.

Pink fluorescent material.

It looks like something you should never drink. In the original world, I would have been convinced it was radioactive.

Trusting in her abilities, I gulped down the pink fluorescent substance.

"Wow....... You really are spineless, aren't you?"

Christina was dumbfounded, as if she hadn't realized she was actually drinking it.

"What do you think?"

Christina asked me, her eyes gleaming as if she were curious about my reaction.

Needless to say, I didn't feel like I was powering up at all.

By the way.

But this is weird.

"Why....... delicious?"

No, this is delicious.

"Right?! Delicious!"

Christina is a bitch.



* * *



She added an effect to Moonshine that wasn't in the original: flavor.

I don't know if overdosing will cause problems or not, but it was delicious enough to make me wonder if anyone would pass out from a moonshine overdose.

The effects of Moonshine were not immediately apparent. In fact, it would have been more frightening if the effect had been immediate.

You'll feel the effects of moonshine on your body over time.

The members of the Magical Research Society were all gathered together.

Me, Harriet, Adelia, Christina, Anna, Louis, and Ledina.

"Looks like you all met your goals somehow, good work."

All contributed to the research in their own way. Louis Ankton, for example, was involved in the production of both cartridges and moonshine, and was the de facto treasurer, running the budget.

We've all done things we didn't think were possible, and somehow we've gotten them done.

We did what no other magical research group has ever done, and we did it in less than half a year, not decades.

If someone heard it, they wouldn't believe it.

"Did you send your findings to Temple University?"

"Not yet, but since you're the president, I thought I'd show you the finished product first."

I'm only the nominal chairman, but we all recognize that I played a role in the end.

I was the one who told them to do something they wouldn't try because it was impossible, even if it was more of a push, and in doing so, I made the impossible possible.

"Well, let's start with the apology."

I organized my thoughts.

It's not for everyone.

A decision that everyone has to live with.

"Don't report it."

The look on everyone's faces turned strange at my casual remark.

If only I had known about Cantus Magna and Akasha first.

I wouldn't have asked these kids to do anything.

That I'd gotten out of order and put them all in danger.

"We're the only ones who know this thing was made, and it's a public failure. Let's do it that way."

I finally had to admit it.



* * *



"What do you mean, all of a sudden?"

Harriet's wry expression epitomized what everyone was saying. As if we weren't already praising him enough, he didn't want to report his work and keep it to himself.

They are young wizards who make the impossible possible.

What Cantus Magna wants is magic.

Magic, not sobriety.

And the magic is made anew.

Cantus Magna will need more mages who can create a myriad of spells, rather than just a few.

Two miracles that would change the history of magic, even if they were royalty, ended up happening in high school clubs.

Word will spread, and they'll be bound to become stars in the magical world.

We'll focus on Cantus Magna, not the dungeons in Darklands.

If they're hell-bent on completing the Akasha, they're going to want a pollinator that can create magic.

The current Magical Research Society is an organization that Cantus Magna covets.

The results of this study should not be publicized.

If Cantus Magna reaches out to them and kidnaps them.

I'm not sure I can handle the situation.

So I can only say.

Let's pretend we didn't find anything.

Let's pretend it never happened.

Everyone wants to be recognized for the miracle of making the impossible possible.

But the guy who first suggested it wants to nullify all the consequences.

Not everyone will understand.

I wonder what else this lunatic is going to say.

It wasn't even that look.

Why?

Why should I?

I felt sad, frustrated, and even angry.

"Say something, tell me what's wrong."

Heriotman.

Only Herriot asks me what the hell is wrong with me and tries to get me to talk.

If the findings become known, the entire Magical Research Society is at risk. Just as the Black Order has infiltrated the Temple, so could Cantus Magna.

Fortunately, no one outside of the Magic Society knows that these two objects have been completed.

Reason.

I can't tell you about Cantus Magna.

But, then again, that's always been my specialty.

If there's no reason, create one.

"Demon."

The magic word that justifies everything.

Just as Bertus attached that magic word to the annihilation of the Republicans.

Even I, the devil, can add my own magic words.

"This is a very powerful strategic commodity, so to speak, that can objectively elevate humanity's power several notches above where it is now."

"And what will the devil think when he realizes that somewhere out there, he's dreaming of getting revenge on the humans, and this thing was made here, in your hands?"

"Don't you think we should get rid of it before you guys make something more dangerous?"

Everyone's complexions begin to turn white at my words.

When I said I needed to make Moonshine and Power Cartridges, the threat of a demon was not far off.

However, recent events have brought the threat of demons to the forefront.

"Not too long ago, something unfortunate happened."

Death of Duke Granz.

Everyone knew the story, so their faces became more serious. Herriot's complexion, in particular, took a turn for the worse.

"The devil is closer than you think."

Yeah, I know, I'm actually next to you guys and it's not a big deal.

Let's blame it on the devil.





