Episode 384.





The threat of demons can strike someone suddenly. In fact, not long ago, Riana lost her father to a demon.

The event instills a sense of crisis about the demonic threat.

It's a great invention, but it's too big a threat for the devil.

So if it becomes public knowledge that you've created such a great invention, the devil may come after you.

"Maybe the demons are after us, maybe they'll kidnap us to use for their own ends."

Demon.

Abduction.

We are also reminded of the Charlotte de Gradias case.

"Do you understand what I mean?"

I say calmly, playfully, and seriously.

"You guys are building something so great that it could be dangerous."

It's dressed up as a demonic threat, but it's really a cantus magna threat.

"I see......."

Everyone was happy to have achieved their goal, and then I threw cold water on it.

But they looked like they'd been doused in cold water and had come to their senses. All they cared about was making it and succeeding, and they couldn't care less about the aftermath of the object.

Knowing nothing about magic, I thought about the current state of affairs on the continent and made a judgment call.

I'm lying.

It was a decision to protect my children.

"But if the demons attack later, shouldn't these two items make your army and mages stronger....... wouldn't it?"

Adelia says passively.

There were some who agreed.

Two powerful objects that will overwhelmingly increase humanity's ability to wage war. Instead of hiding in fear of the devil, you might think that this is the right way to make humanity stronger.

Maybe there is such a thing as a sense of justice for humanity.

It's for the peace of mankind, so we shouldn't have to put ourselves at risk, you might think.

"On the flip side, the Demon King's forces could grow stronger."

"......."

Rather, the devil may use them to build up his arsenal and kidnap you.

At my words, Adelia hung her head in disbelief.

"Nothing is more precious than your lives."

I look at everyone and say.

"Don't tell me you're willing to do anything to defeat the devil. None of you should have to die for anything."

You end up saying the clichéd phrase that the best is yet to come.

But what good is it if it's not alive?

Death can accomplish nothing but death.

I care about Harriet, and I care about everyone here at the Society for the Study of Magic. I didn't value them all in the same way, or to the same degree, but in the end, they've been loyal enough to comply with my unreasonable demands.

Can't hurt.

However, it's a good time to indulge in a flimsy sense of mission.

A giant threat to humanity is looming, and you have an object that could save them all.

To say that you should keep it sealed sounds overly selfish.

"But....... Reinhardt. If we make this public, I don't know if there will be another war or not, but....... maybe people will get hurt a little less."

Louis Ankton says cautiously.

You may feel selfish for hiding it. You may feel guilty about it.

It's not like the devil is trying to kill us or kidnap us.

"And if we ask the temple or the imperial court for protection....... they will protect us?"

It may not necessarily be dangerous. So you might think it's a bad idea to be so worried about your own safety that you hide these things.

Louis Ankton is a gifted academic, but selfish by nature. Frustrated by his inability to use magic, he joins the Magical Research Society because he thinks he might be able to do something with it.

And they did something that will go down in human history.

Louis wasn't upset that he wasn't allowed to present it.

In the ensuing chain of events, he seems to have realized that this work might be beneficial to humanity.

Not to show off my accomplishments and achievements, but because people need this work. It might be risky, but that's a risk I can live with.

Louis Anckton was also changed by the events that followed.

Sneaky.

But just because you think that doesn't mean it's true.

The devil is me.

Because the threat you face is not a demon.

The kids are watching me closely.

You never know when I'm going to have a temper tantrum and slap you in the face.

I'd rather just tell them what to do and say, "Hey, guys.

What happens when you do that.

However, I didn't want to do that this time.

It makes their hard work for nothing.

"Let's not."

I ask you, everyone.

"Please."

I can't tell you how much the urgency of my words was felt by them.

"......."

After all, he didn't say you have to do it.



* * *



Despite the absurdity of it all, we eventually agreed to hide the fruits of our labor. Ostensibly to prepare for the threat of the demon, but my real intention was to hide the achievement from Cantus Magna.

It's a bit of a rip-off to the backers who have given us so much money, but so what? There was never any money to go back to them in the first place, even if the research turned out well. It was literally sponsorship.

She agreed with the idea of hiding the results for now.

"Still, don't you think something like Moonshine would be okay to give to my kids as long as it didn't have any side effects?"

We all nodded in agreement.

I didn't tell them what it was, just that it was some sort of nutritional tonic, and that it was okay to share it with my close combat students.

Of course, from my perspective, that's neither good nor bad.

If you can't stop the gate, you'd better raise the level of people who will respond to it across the board.

But is it right to give them moonshine?

Maybe it's not the monsters in the gate they're fighting, but me.

"Yeah, I can do that."

But I see no reason to stop there.

In the end, we agreed that I would hide the power cartridge, and Moonshine would share it with me since I was the first person to take it, and if there were no side effects.

She's confident that there will be no side effects, and I think so too, but we'll have to wait and see what the prognosis is.

Two days later.

We moved from a freshman dorm to a sophomore dorm.



* * *



It wasn't even a move. You just pack up your stuff and go upstairs, and you don't even have to do it yourself, the temple's users do it for you. I don't have a lot of luggage, but some of the magic majors have a lot of luggage, and they've come and gone several times.

"You're up a level."

"Sure."

Still, it was a step up, and the realization of being a sophomore really hit me.

The dorms are pretty much the same from year to year, so it's not like there was a big change, just one floor up. The room numbers were the same.

I'm still in room A-11, and Ellen is in room A-2.

Come to think of it, it's room A-2 in sophomore year.

This was originally Adriana's room. It's probably been vacant for a while.

-Ah, this is here. Put it here. No, not there, here.

Herriot's door was wide open and he could hear her talking about the arrangement of things. Herriot seemed to have the most luggage of any of his classmates.

Ellen and I approached the railing in the main lobby on the second floor.

Being only on the first floor, I rarely had this view of the main lobby, but now I would.

"I don't think anything has changed, but I think something has."

I think it was me and Ellen who were both feeling a little frisky. In the main lobby of the ground floor, overlooking the street, stood Ceres van Owen.

Fifth grader Ceres Van Owen.

She and Olivia are now in sixth grade.

I heard that the student body president was forced to run for a second term because there were no volunteers. Being a very small royal class, there is rarely more than one candidate for student body president.

However, I think the student body president originally changed in my sophomore year, but then things changed and Ceres was elected. I think there may have been a butterfly effect there, but I don't know.

Ellen looked at the student body president standing in the lobby and seemed to reminisce.

When I got to Temple, the first person who greeted me was the student body president over there.

That said.

"Looks like the first graders are coming in today."

"I see."

As the seniors vacated their rooms, the first-years would move into the dorms before the end of winter break. Ceres was in the lobby, talking to boys and girls who looked like they'd just arrived for the first time.

Not all of them will arrive today.

As Ellen and I leaned against the railing and watched, we heard a voice behind us.

"What, juniors?"

Liana de Granz.

"I think so?"

"Hmmm."

Riana looked down at the railing and turned her head away, disinterested.

"Let's go."

"Yes."

Both Klippmann and Riana were dressed in sweatpants, so it was clear that they were going about their business rather than paying attention to the freshman.

Still, I would have been interested in it in the first place.

Now blind to anything but her own business, Riana left the dormitory with Klippmann through the first-floor lobby.

"......."

Ellen stared at the back of Riana's head as she did so.

I tapped such Ellen on the shoulder.

"We should get going."

We have to go to the training of the violinist Tana. It's getting close to the time she's scheduled, so it's time to gather in the second-year B class rehearsal hall.

So far, I've never been tardy, and I've never wondered what would happen if I broke the Grandmaster's training set instructions.

So now I'm dragging Ellen along.

"There's a junior who's a bit of a dick."

At Ellen's words, my gaze naturally shifted to the first floor lobby.





And, I couldn't help but roll my eyes.

"You have an unusual haircut."

Hair color.

Silver hair.

Kid.

The silver-haired kid.

Lucinil walked nonchalantly toward the royal class dormitory.

No.

Why are you here?

I have no idea what the hell is going on.

Gazoo of demand.

Lucinil the Lord Vampire has somehow become a first-year student in the Temple Royal class.



* * *



I couldn't even ask her about Lucinil being my junior out of nowhere. There's no way I'd be able to find her, let alone talk to the freshman who'd suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

I couldn't help but fidget, not knowing what the hell was going on.

I never thought Lucinil would do something like this. How did she get through Temp Gate in the first place, how did she get admitted, how did she keep her identity straight?

"Let's just say it's a talent I found."

The answer, oddly enough, came not from Lucinil, but from Dr. Eppinhauser, who came to see me.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you beforehand, but it was a last-minute agreement."

No.

It's ridiculous that Lucinil is now my junior, so why should I have to explain that to Dr. Epinhauser?

And this guy, from the way you're talking, it sounds like you're putting him in the royal class because he's a self-discovered talent. Are you going to do a guardianship or something like that?

"When we were talking about the dungeon, it came up that you might want to beef up your defenses."

"On our end?"

"It was a two-way street."

I'm sure the Black Order and the Vampire Council had a chat about this dungeon configuration issue.

Also, both the Vampire Council and the Black Order have told me that I need to increase my protection.

We can do that on our end.

The Black Order said they had to do something because I might be in danger.

I don't know if I'm impressed, but I'm really impressed.

"You have a lot of room to get yourself into trouble, not to mention Cantus Magna. We've all agreed that you need to have someone close by who can get you out of there in a pinch, and a Lord Vampire has very little power over you. Well, if you're not inconvenienced in your daily life, you shouldn't have any trouble disguising your Temple life."

I'm an important long-term piece for the Black Order, but I'm a high-growth prospect, not a super-skilled one right now.

Cantus Magna is a problem, and the Temple itself is an enemy if my identity is discovered, so the Black Order has decided that my own side, the side that knows my truth, must reside in the Temple.

"How in the world did you get in?"

"Getting through the temple's search gate shouldn't be that hard."

The identities and identities were vouched for by EpinHauser, and the settlement is not an issue for Lucinil.

I knew that the temple's binding devices and search tables weren't foolproof, but a mage of Lucinil's caliber could get in and out with impunity.

Of course, that's not because the temple is unprotected.

The Lord Vampire is an overly powerful mage.

In Eleris's case, there was no need to call it a temple; she had left the ecliptic.

Lucinil, who had been chosen to help me instead of Elise, decided to leave the Temple altogether when she realized I might be in danger.

Good.

The Black Order, the Council, and Lucinil must have made this judgment because they don't think I should die.

Dr. Effinghauser took a very big risk.

If Lucinil's identity is revealed, it's going to blow up all the way to Dr. Effinghauser.

Mr. Effinghauser, with his Patriot setting, has brought an impure entity called the Lord Vampire into the Temple.

That my existence is now so important to the order that I have to compromise my values to do this.

It's not that Mr. Epinhauser didn't know about Lucinil's admission, but rather that he took the initiative.

"We would have preferred to send a mage from the Order, but if you were one of ours, we wouldn't be able to trust you properly, which is why your people are being admitted. Remember that."

They wouldn't believe me if I put someone from their side, so I made an accommodation for Lucinil to come.

Black Order.......

In fact, aren't they the good guys?

I couldn't get the memory of Aaron Mede's shenanigans out of my head. Of course, that was just a personal aberration that had nothing to do with the Order's instructions.



* * *



Lucinil's admission.

The reason is for my personal safety. Still, I'm the boss, and it's kind of weird that you didn't ask me anything.

I do.

It's a good thing he's treating me like a boss, because he's trying to protect me.

Of course, I got a post-mortem from Dr. Epinhauser, but I didn't get to talk to Rusinil.

The night all the new students move into the dorms, Ceres gathers them together to spread announcements and reminders.

Just like we did as freshmen, the seniors were clinging to the railing to watch the freshmen, and it was no different for the sophomores.

Some of the new faces were major characters from the original, but I wasn't interested in them.

The guy who is bound to stand out among the freshmen.

A kid with silver hair and an unusually short stature.

"Okay, A-11, why don't you introduce yourself?"

"It's Lucinil!"

An old woman who must have been hundreds, maybe even a thousand years old, shouted out in a refreshing way, pretending to be the youngest person in the room.

-Hey, look at him! He's so cute!

-See you later!

-Yes!

And then you see him squaring his shoulders, like he knows people are going to think he's cute.

What to say.

The.

I'm pissed.



* * *



What happened to the talent reader? What talent did they get in with?

Anyway, I need to talk to Lucinil.

If you're in the Temple to protect me, you'll need to get to know Lucinil well enough that it won't be strange to have her around.

I tried not to pay attention to juniors, but a junior I couldn't help but care about got in. He's not even a junior in the first place.

So.

"Is that....... set......?"

"Yeah."

After I finished delivering the announcements, I grabbed the junior A student who was turning to leave and said.

"Assemble all first-year buds in the rehearsal hall."

So.

I'm not trying to be a jerk!

I need an excuse to run into Lucinil somehow!



* * *



The first-floor Class A dormitory dance floor, which I returned to as soon as I moved in.

I was looking at eleven first-year students huddled on the practice field.

I didn't ask them to do that, but they were all lined up in a row, starting with number one. Lucinil, number 11, was standing on the far left, glaring at me.

With a look of excitement.

Lucinyl is kind of like the concept of an extra enrollment, so to speak, because in the original, the ten freshman A students who were ten are now eleven.

Somehow, I ended up with one more student than the original.

I'm not going to give you anything fancy. I was just going to introduce myself and move on.

"First of all, let me introduce myself, I'm Reinhardt, class A, year 2, number 11......."

"Eleven?"

I started to introduce myself, but the guy standing on the first right cut me off.

"Are you putting us together on topic 11?"

"......?"

What did I just hear?

As I stood there questioning my ears, the guy on the far right began to glare at me, his head cocked.

Correct.

As in the original, the freshman A-class assholes were the ones who were the worse for wear. The seniors in Class B were the ones who didn't treat them like seniors, which is why they got into trouble with Ludwig.

Among them, Grade A-1.

His name is Roberto de Gardenia.

Heir to the kingdom of Gardenia, he's also the first person you'd ever want to bite.

Talents were divine, magical, and martial.

It's #1, so it's no wonder it's a talent vending machine.

"Even if it's an A-class, it's still an A-class topic."

Roberto glares at me, stiffly, arms crossed.

I mean, what kind of an asshole is this?

I'm the one who wrote it, so it's my fault after all.

Still.

Uh.

"Even if you're a senior, you have to have some boundaries."

"Uh....... Hmm."

I didn't set this up to be a jerk.

"Do you want to get spanked?"

You're driving me crazy, aren't you?





