Episode 385.





Roberto de Gardenia, freshman, A-1.

I didn't think I'd be able to talk back to my classmates.

Do you want to get beaten up?

I could tell that Roberto was taken aback by my sudden outburst.

Needless to say, the uneasy atmosphere froze.

"......Yes?"

"Are you teasing me because you want to get your ass handed to you, you bloody piece of shit?"

This guy is royalty, and he has an heir.

I don't think I've ever heard anything like that in my life. So there was a palpable sense of panic.

"Have you just insulted me, the rightful heir to the House of Gardenia?"

"......."

At that point, I froze a bit and did a couple of dry washes.

Feeling slightly sobered, I walked over to Liberto, who was giving me the eye of the enemy.

"Uh."

And.

-Bam!

"Ugh!"

I just threw it away.

"Gee, what are you doing......!"

He falls to the ground, grabs his shin, and cries out in panic.

"I, a commoner, publicly insulted the heir to the royal family of Gardenia or something, and I got my shins kicked in."

-Puck!

"Ugh!"

"So what are you going to do, you asshole?"

-Bam!

"Black!"

The one who kicked him in the side while he was on his stomach rolled across the smokestack floor.

"Did you forget you were told not to reveal your identity at the Temple?"

In a temple, identity becomes irrelevant.

Everyone was watching it come to life before their eyes.

He was still sprawled out on the floor, frozen, unable to comprehend the mercilessness of a royalty who claimed to be a commoner.

"Wake up, asshole."

"What you're doing to me right now, you're going to regret later......."

"Shit."

"Suck!"

He sucked in a breath and flinched as I went into a kicking stance.

Fuck you, asshole.

He was freezing up in real time, dumbfounded that he'd been picked on.

"Do you really want to search?"

"......."

"Do you want to rummage? Dude, answer."

"He, he......."

"Just answer yes or no."

"Oh, no......, I mean......."

I backed away slowly, watching him mutter in a low voice as he crawled away.

"Some assholes only talk when they're spanked. Get up."

"ugh......."

"Won't you get up?"

The kids, both boys and girls, were frozen in their tracks as they watched a senior rally and stomp on one of their classmates in real time.

Lucinil was particularly wide-eyed.

I glared at him as I watched Roberto get up. He glared at me through clenched teeth.

No, this asshole.

We're not quite there yet.

"Hit it if you're confident."

"......."

"But then I can't take responsibility for the situation."

"......."

"I'm in or I'm out, say it fast."

He looked like he was seriously considering it.

No, asshole.

Are you really trying to hit me?

-me, him....... Isn't that him?

However, I also heard some whispers.

-At the last festival, the freshman tournament winner....... that senior.

-Mah, right....... I think I saw it.

Speaking of which.

There were enough of them that would have seen my face if I had spent time at Temple before, not just this year.

Roberto didn't know me, but there were others who recognized me.

First-year tournament winner.

Liberto's face went white at that.

"Oh, no....... No......."

Apparently, being a first grade tournament winner was enough to get the brat to learn some manners.

As I watched him finally crush the snow, I glanced around at the first years.

Very, very atmospheric.

No.

I didn't sign up for this.

So this is what we're putting it together for?

I could feel them scrambling to avoid making eye contact with me.

Last year, when we were freshmen, she tried to give us an outfit to remind us that status doesn't matter.

And then, I did exactly that. Even worse, she failed, and I succeeded too precisely when I didn't intend to.

Happy temple life? No way!

And that's what happened?

"No, I didn't bring you guys here to tell you this shit in the first place......."

-click!

"Juniors, are you here?!"

And.

He bursts through the door of the training room, his face beaming with anticipation.

The.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen appeared.

"Uh....... You......?"

There's a moment when Harriet sees me already on the stage and gives me a look that says, "Why are you here?

My gaze shifts to the juniors lined up in front of me.

The juniors lined up in a row.

Far right.

Roberto (right) is dressed poorly.

The sight of everyone shaking their heads in contemplation.

Herriot's mouth begins to open in a daze.

The reports were also unbelievable.

"Nope. This is......."

"This, this, this....... this garbage!"

-Bam!

"Oh, no, no, no, no, no, it's true in the end, but it's not true!"

"This, this, this, all, anyone else, huh?! You! You do this!"

-Pak! pak-pak-pak!

"Now, wait! Really, really listen to me!"

Of course.

The excuses didn't work at all.



* * *



The first-year students who witnessed the scene of a senior who was in a good mood suddenly bursting out at a female senior were left with a bewildered look on their faces, not understanding what was going on.

It seemed that Herriot had come to hang out, not to organize a group of juniors, but to get to know them. That's why I've been looking everywhere.

I ended up getting beaten up by Herriot and dragged away without accomplishing my goal of talking to Lucinil.

After being forcibly returned to my sophomore dorm, Harriet sits me down in the lobby and tells me with a serious look on her face.

"I am so purely disappointed in you."

"No....... It's not like that."

"If not that, then what?"

I'm trying to explain myself, but things are starting to get bizarre.

"What's wrong?"

Ellen, with a towel around her neck, approached, noticing that Harriet looked very upset.

"He's been scaring the crap out of the juniors."

"Scared...... in our freshman year?"

"That's right! And who did you hit? The kid on the far right, right!"

"No, he, uh, yeah, but he....... did hit me, but!"

You're right about the slap.

Ellen stares at me as she listens.

Contempt.

It was a gaze that felt itself.

It was the kind of crap that even Ellen couldn't stomach.

I don't know about anyone else, but especially not me.

"No, listen to me!"

That's unfair.

I'm kind of feeling sorry for myself because I actually did do that!

Whatever, it's unfair!



* * *



I sat Ellen and Harriet down and gave them a proper explanation.

I was just there to make a statement, and he just got mad at me. Something like that.

Something like that.

In the end, it was one of those "the fan thing is true anyway" stories.

How dare you put us together on topic 11?

Her mouth dropped open in disbelief as she heard about the bullshit first-year bullshit that had started at .

"It's a good thing ...... isn't dead."

Herriot's reaction that it's weird that I didn't leave him half dead.

"There you go, good boy."

Rather, Ellen's response is that she did a good job.

What is this?

I hit it.

I did hit him.

They both praised me, knowing that I was a little less of a fan than they were.

Are assholes forgiven for being less of an asshole?

I feel good, but something's wrong!

Anyway, it's nice to get compliments from the kids, but I don't think I should hear them!

"I'll have to tell the juniors. Among the seniors, be especially careful with this one."

"That's a lot of work....... I guess."

As a result, we're going to have to aggregate them, but we're also going to have to warn them to be especially careful with the explosive substance called Reinhardt.

Even Ellen agreed.

No, really, I didn't mean to hit you. Seriously.......

Eventually.

Attempts to get a word in with Lucinil have failed in bizarre ways.



* * *



In the original story, the sophomores in Class A would be rounding up the freshmen and taming them the way they were tamed as freshmen.

But the current sophomore A class is now a bunch of babies who don't give a shit about that, and Reinhardt did the same thing with Lucinil.

Eventually.

Harriet and Ellen gathered the first-year students once again to spread the word, but in a different way.

Instead of the dirty-looking male senior who was the first to show up, there was a calm and collected female senior and a female senior who had beaten up the dirty-looking male senior with a temper.

It doesn't look like it, but we're all on the edge of our seats after what we just saw.

"That....... I don't mean to yell at you. I just wanted to get you guys together after what happened earlier, and I need to tell you guys something. I'm sophomore A-4, Harriet de Saint-Ouen."

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

"Ellen, second grade, A-2."

Ellen also introduced herself briefly.

Certainly, the two seniors who came to visit now were in a different mood.

There was never a hint of trying to scold anyone.

And.

Just as someone recognized Reinhardt, there were juniors who recognized Ellen.

"Hey, I'm....... Are you, by any chance, the winner of Miss Temple?"

Miss Temple.

The juniors, seeing Ellen for the first time, widened their eyes.

"Yes."

Ellen simply nodded her head in response to the question. Like winning the Miss Temple contest wasn't exactly a brag or a disgrace.

And the girl who recognized Ellen, of course, recognized Harriet.

"Well, I saw you in that unlimited weight tournament, where you beat a fifth grader!"

"Oh, yeah? That....... didn't win, he lost......."

"You abstained, you didn't lose!"

Reinhardt, the freshman champion, is great, but even better was Herriot, who took down fifth-grader Olivia Ranze in straight sets in the unlimited tournament.

It was an intense game that could have torn the stadium apart.

Herriot blanched as the junior recognized him, not sure if he was used to this sort of thing.

The first-year students began to stare at them blankly.

First-year seniors win the first-year tournament to determine the best of Temple's first-year students.

The calm-looking senior is the Miss Temple winner.

The senior with the forked hair is the one who beat the fifth grader.

Even in the Royal Class, second-year A's can't help but think that something is amiss. Lucinil looked at them with interest.

"Well, well, well, well, whatever. I didn't bring you all here to yell at you, I brought you here to tell you something."

Herriot coughs a few times as he tries to regain his composure and begins to speak to the juniors.

"The kid who just came for you is Reinhardt, and he's an asshole, too, so don't provoke him, especially you."

Herriot pointed to Liberto, who was on the far right.

"What? Ah....... Yes."

"You, Reinhardt, have been very kind to me."

Liberto had already watched Reinhardt do it and realized he was firmly in the wrong.

This is the place.

A place where commoners beat royalty if they dare to speak their minds.

No place to hide.

I've even gotten beaten up, and my seniors come over and tell me I'm less beaten up.

Strictly speaking, a temple is not a place like that.

But how the hell are new students supposed to know that Reinhardt is an overly weird guy?

The temple, or even the royal class, is supposed to be like this.

"Be careful in the future, I'm sure I remember your face."

You've been photographed by Reinhardt.

Herriot didn't even realize he was saying it.

Usually the most unaware people are the ones who say this the most.

"Be careful."

Also, Ellen, who was staring at Roberto, said briefly.

"You hurt yourself doing that."

Liberto's complexion turned even whiter at Miss Temple's soothing advice.

Ellen said this out of pure concern, because you can spit out words and not find a bone to pick.

The problem was that it never sounded like that to the listener.

Eventually.

Both Harriet and Ellen say they're not here to scare them, but Reinhardt is the one who is scaring them.

But it did lighten the mood a bit after that.

One by one, they talked about their majors, and as they talked, they realized that Herriot wasn't such a scary senior after all.

"Are you out of your mind?"

"Yes, I'm thirteen, and my major is magic."

The silver-haired girl, Lucinil, smirked and said so, and Harriet felt her heart tighten.

I was about to stroke his head when I stopped myself.

Major is Magic.

"Talent?"

"Destruction magic."

Destruction Magic Talent.

It's not the kind of talent that goes hand in hand with a cute face, but hey, not all talent comes with looks.

Herriot smiled as he listened to Lucinil's answer.

"Magic? Are you interested in the Magic Society?"

"The Magic Society?"

"Huh! It's a royal class club....... Actually, that asshole from earlier is the president, but he's actually not that bad....... He's actually really nice once you get to know him."

The corner of Lucinil's mouth twitched subtly at that.

"Ah....... Really?"

Without realizing it, Herriot was helping Reinhardt.





