Episode 386.





The second semester of school has begun.

Things didn't work out the way I thought they would. I couldn't get the kids together again, so I signed up for a class with Ellen, thinking it would work out.

There were a few things that changed dramatically in my second year.

First of all, all of the swordsmanship classes that I was able to take with my regular classmates have been replaced.

The class has been reorganized into a Royal Class-only class and is much longer in duration. Royal and regular classes have been separated.

The reason was simple.

"The Temple will be secure, but we need to be prepared for any eventuality. And if the Temple is attacked, the Royal Class is likely to be the first target."

"You'll be getting a little more hands-on combat training this school year."

Classes have been transformed into combat training.

Instead of teaching skills, I started learning how to kill monsters, how to counter magic, how to fight, and how to behave in field situations.

This is what happened to the melee majors, and it's what's going to happen to the magic majors: they're going to start getting practical lessons from spellbooks.

Needless to say, the class became very intense.

And.

"......."

"This is Lucinyl. Take care."

I couldn't help but panic when I saw the Lucinyl that Herriot had brought to the Magic Institute.

No.

This is how it works?

Everyone was staring at Lucinil as a doll-like girl with silver hair and blue eyes appeared.

Even though it was right in front of me, I couldn't believe it was real.

"My talent is destructive magic, and Senior Saint-Tuan here asked me if I was interested in studying magic, so I came."

When he introduced himself as thirteen years old, my head spun for a moment.

No.

Grandma.......

I don't feel self-deprecating.

Of course, that's not my place to say!

"You met the chairman once before, didn't you?"

"......Yes."

Rusinil smiles sweetly and tells me so.

I think something is coming up.

I think it's going up!

"Hey, what's with the look on your face when you see this cute kid?"

I must have failed to hide my expression, because Harriet put her arm around Lucinil's shoulders as she sat down next to her.

"No....... I'm feeling a little under the weather......."

The look on Lucinil's face, as if she's so happy to have been pampered by her senior, is so.......

It was something, something.



* * *



"What are you doing?"

"Security."

When I told him, he just shrugged his shoulders and said.

I had just brought Lucinil to my room to talk to her about joining a club.

I've been in the temple for a while, but this was the first time I'd ever seen them face to face.

Rusinil said she had noise-canceling throughout the room to make it easier to talk.

So I'm comfortable talking about it.

"No, I think you're enjoying it too much for that."

"What the hell, you say?"

Uh.

That.......

I'm not supposed to enjoy it, but I'm the one enjoying it the most, right?

"You're in the tournament, and the rumors about you are....... something."

Lucinil glances at me, arms crossed, as if to say, "You said it right.

"Did he look good when he sold it?"

"......."

Yes!

Well, that wasn't what I was going to say!

Uh!

Sorry!

I know I shouldn't be doing that!

I'm not kidding!

"But are you sure this is okay? That....... I guess everyday life is......."

"I can handle the sunlight, I don't mind eating because I can throw up or spit it out afterward, and I've pretended to be a human so many times I'm sick to death of it."

Roussinil shrugged, as if pretending to be a normal human being was the hard part.

"But you should know that this wasn't an easy decision."

Rusinil looks at me with a serious expression.

"Your life could be in danger at any moment to the point where I have to go in here myself."

It is true that Lucinil entered the Temple at great risk. She came to the Temple to protect me.

"So I don't know if I want to sit here and watch the babies play, but it's what it is, and you have to accept it."

"I see your point....... I don't know why, but is it just me or do I feel like you're being self-serving?"

"Hmmm......."

At my words, Lucinil's brow narrowed, and she chuckled.

"I can't deny it. I love it when someone cuddles me, and I love it when the kids who cuddle me are cuter than me."

Real.

All road vampires are lunatics.

And I don't think it's Lucinyl, but it's definitely the craziest.

This is weirder than Antony!

"Let's be friends from now on. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable around me."

It's a very sobering thought, and Rusinil is right a hundred times over.

I'll use the fact that I'm a junior in the Magical Research Society as a connection to Lucinil, which isn't really something I thought of, and I'll just make it up as I go along.

But.......

Psychologically, I hate it.



* * *



Lucinil joined the Society for the Study of Magic.

There were other magic majors in my freshman A class, but when they realized I was the president of the Magic Society, they shied away.

That's why Lucinil is the only one of the magic majors to join the Society.

The first semester of my sophomore year began, and I had juniors. Of course, I didn't have much contact with them. Ludwig and the B-class guys would often hang out with the juniors and I could see that.

So I agree with you that it shouldn't be weird for me to be seen with Lucinil, given that I'm a junior in the Magic Society, and that I've gotten to know her through that connection. I thought about that too.

By the way.

"Sir?"

"Senior!"

"Senior!"

"Brother!"

Mental.

I think I'm getting out!

"Stop looking for me!"

I couldn't help but be freaked out by Lucinil, who was following me around at an almost stalking level.

I wasn't sure if she was doing her job or just trying to annoy me, but she shamelessly followed me in and out of my sophomore dorm, looking for me and trying to stick around.

This is harassment, not security.

He's having fun watching me hate it, that's for sure.

My classmates were also a bit puzzled by Lucinil's strange fondness for me.

The clincher was Bertus.

"......."

"Hello, sir."

Lucinil inclined her head toward Bertus, whom she had met in the hallway.

"Oh, the one who said he was halfway through his freshman year......."

"Lucinil."

"......."

Bertus stares at Lucinil, who nods at him.

A girl with silver hair and blue eyes.

Junior.

And then there's Bertus, who's been following me around but doesn't really know what's going on.

And.

I was a cross-dresser with silver hair.

"......you just in case."

Silver hair and all.

Is there such a thing.

Bertus started to say something, but ended up saying nothing at all.

No!

It's obvious you think I'm dirty.

I think I've convinced you that I have a silver-haired fetish.

"Hmm?"

Lucinil shook her head as Bertus scurried away.

"Reinhard! What are you doing?"

And Olivia Ranze, returning to her sophomore dorm for the first time in a long time, shook her head at the silver-haired kid clinging to my side.

"......Whose kid is this?"

"It's my baby!"

Olivia took another drink.



* * *



After the freshmen moved in, there was a pretty bizarre spectacle among the sophomores.

-Brother! Play!

-Leave me alone, huh? Stop following me around!

-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

-Ahhhhhh!

Reinhardt has a new junior following him around.

Open-ended death penalty.

Heinrich, Erich, Kaier, and Kono Lindt.

The four of them sat in the lobby and watched as the silver-haired girl followed Reinhardt around, and he ran away in disgust.

"That asshole....... What the hell is......?"

Konorint mumbles, his mouth open in a daze.

"He's handsome."

Erich muttered in despair.

As soon as the school year starts, a cute, doll-like girl follows you around. At first, she called you "senior," then "senior," and now she calls you "brother.

"No, no matter how good-looking you are, that's about it, huh?"

Heinrich shook his head in disbelief at Kaier's words.

"I don't know if it's that bad....... No, we're men, so maybe we don't know."

I wondered if there was something about Reinhardt that only appealed to women, and if there wasn't, I couldn't understand how he could be so enamored of a first-year student without really knowing her.

"And I'm sick and tired of her following me around."

Everyone nodded as Conor Lint spoke.

As if that weren't enough, Reinhardt doesn't like it.

She doesn't even pay attention to the other seniors, but she follows Reinhard relentlessly, and he avoids her like she's the most annoying thing in the world.

It's the luxury of the rich.

"Have you seen Reinhardt?"

And as if to prove the idea, Ellen, last year's Miss Temple, approaches them and asks for Reinhardt.

"That....... dodged that freshman girl and went somewhere else."

"Again?"

Ellen shakes her head and walks off to find Reinhardt.

Reinhardt here, Reinhardt there.

It used to be that way, but now the juniors join in, and they're looking for Reinhardt, and the kids who were looking for him are looking for him.

The leeway of the haves.

"The world is....... unfair......."

"So."

Erich sighed heavily and agreed with Konor Lindt.

-Brother, if you don't know magic, why are you running off to the magic lab?

-Leave me alone!

-No, it's not me, it's Ellen.

-uh? ah....... Really?

Eventually.

Reinhardt is a handsome man.

So it became a situation where the new kid on the block was following Reinhardt around, and everyone assumed it could happen.



* * *



When they were alone, Lucinil's tone changed.

Of course, even when we were alone, I was confident that if I whined in a baby voice, I would drive him literally insane.

I have to admit, I get goosebumps when I see him babble in front of Harriet, Ellen, and Adelia because he's so childlike.

Lucinil clung to my side, half guarding, half teasing, but I couldn't let that continue.

-Ka-ching!

"Boom!"

Finally, seeing Tiamata slip from her grasp, Saviolin Tana deactivated the Auror Blade.

"Let's call it a day."

Tana was still watching me and Ellen's swordplay.

"You're both getting better at enchantment sensitivity. Continue as you are."

"Yes, sir."

After Tana left, Ellen and I sat down on a bench in the performance area and took a moment to catch our breath.

The effects of taking Moonshine were evident. I could feel my body becoming more and more accustomed to the enhancement, whether it was due to the control of magic or the fact that Moonshine had changed the way I felt magic.

I haven't gotten to the point where I'm using the energy released aggressively, but I think I'll get there this semester.

"How long do you have to be a Swordmaster?"

Ellen asked out of the blue.

With her lapel, Ellen is already a Swordmaster. However, if she were to reach mastery on her own, she would be much stronger than she is now.

"......don't know."

For Ellen, it's not too far in the future.

I don't think I'm that far off, either. But I had this subtle feeling that being a Swordmaster would mean that the hardships would be right in front of me.



* * *



The good news is that Lucinil didn't get into any fights with the others. Herriot just seemed to love her, and Ellen, while we didn't interact with her much, would watch her and rub her cheeks and stroke her hair.

I felt like I was being coddled, even if I didn't show it.

In Olivia's case, Lucinil avoided her. Not because she thought she might be caught, but because Lucinil sensed the immense divine power of Tuan in Olivia.

I said in passing, "I can't have her, she's too much of a burden. It seemed to be a level of divine power that would make even a Lord Vampire cringe.

Of course, Olivia, who has been grumpy lately, hasn't been cuddly or pretty with Lucinil.

It's just that Lucinil avoids her whenever she comes into contact with her, so there's a bit of a "what's wrong with her?" vibe. She doesn't bother me, so I leave her alone.

It didn't even seem like Olivia was particularly wary of her, as she would stop clinging to me and move away when she saw her.

The first semester of my sophomore year started without any major incidents, and my daily routine didn't change much, except for the arrival of Lucinil.

But.

Now there was one big event coming up.

A second grade classroom on a day of common learning. Mrs. Effinghauser looks at us and says, "I'm sorry.

"As you know, the one-year anniversary of the end of the Demon War was planned to take place this weekend."

One year anniversary of the end of the Demon War.

That event is coming up soon.

"However, due to the current political situation, it is not feasible to hold a large-scale festival, so it has been canceled for now."

A different story.

Now that the devil's elixir is clear, the one-year anniversary of the end of the war has convinced us that the war never really ended, and there will be no such thing as an end-of-war ceremony.

But this event is very important.

"Instead, the Empire decided to find a new owner for Alsbringer."

A hush fell over the classroom as Mr. Effinghauser spoke.

This is probably the first time you've ever heard of it.

"Therefore, the entire Royal Class is to assemble in the Great Hall of the Temple General Headquarters by noon this weekend."

One year anniversary.

There, the Alsbringer, the sword of the warrior Artorius, chose Ludwig as its new owner. It was not the Imperial family's intention to do so; at the very moment the Alsbringer was to be unveiled to the public as a memento of the end of the war and a testament to humanity's triumph, it went to Ludwig of its own accord.

But the event is gone.

There's a new demon on the loose.

So, unlike in the original, the Empire was trying to find a new owner for Alsbringer.

The more holders of relics, the better.

If you choose Alsbringer as your master, you now have a total of four holy relics in the world.

Lament, Tiamata, Alsbringer, and Lapelt.

This would be the first time in history that four holy objects would appear simultaneously in the same era.

Ellen stared at the board, her face blank.

It's the moment when your brother's artifact reappears in the world and chooses its owner.





