Episode 387.





At the moment of birth, everything is determined. What a person can do, what a person can accomplish in life, some with limitations and some without.

If you weren't born with an identity, you should be born with a talent.

It's all about being human.

Roberto de Gardenia thinks so.

As the first in line to the throne of the Kingdom of Gardenia, and one of the most gifted children in the history of the Gardenian royal family, it's no wonder Liberto is so consumed with such thoughts.

While not quite as powerful as Cernstadt, which is considered the most powerful empire, Gardenia is one of the most powerful countries in the world, and as such, Liberto's status as the next king is quite high.

When he was admitted to Temple, the Royal Class, where only the best and brightest were admitted on talent alone, regardless of status, and even there he was given the number A-1, the number one talent ranking in his class, he knew without a doubt that he was one of the first in the world, and fit for a king.

"Do you want to get spanked?

Until it was suddenly blown up by a sophomore.

Roberto thought he'd responded in a pretty gentlemanly way. If the royal class is a place where talent, not status, divides the hierarchy, then he is at the top of the list. Even if you're A-class, you can't be the same.

Given the fact that the most senior person in the room had at least used some form of honorific for putting him on a topic that was only number eleven, Roberto thought he'd been pretty polite in his response.

But what came back was violence.

It never occurred to Liberto that he was being rude. The mere fact that a boy who had lived in a palace and looked down on everyone but the king had used an honorific to address someone, even if it was a commoner, said it all.

Number 11 was beaten by a commoner, for the sole reason that he was a year ahead of him.

At the time of the meeting, I unwittingly said no when asked if I really wanted to try it, but Roberto regretted it.

I wish I could have shown that cheeky commoner the swordsmanship of the Kingdom of Gardenia.

Winning the first grade tournament? Roberto didn't know what winning the tournament meant. He hadn't seen it in person.

So, if the cocky commoner tried to challenge me again, I was more than willing to crush him. I'll show him the true meaning of swordsmanship in the Kingdom of Gardenia.

In addition to restoring your tattered dignity and honor,.......

"What is it?"

"Oh, no."

"Roll your eyes, I'm going to yell at you, asshole."

-tuk-tuk

Reinhardt walked by and slapped him on the cheek as he passed by, but he was too stunned to say anything.

A person is.

It's hard to overcome fear when it's ingrained in your bones.

Liberto glared at the back of Reinhardt's head as he walked past, his eyes twinkling as if he were nothing, even giving him a rude peck on the cheek.

"!"

Suddenly, Reinhardt turned around, and with lightning speed, the snow fell.

"If you're going to open it, open it."

Reinhardt laughs, as if he has eyes in the back of his head.

"Do one, asshole."

This time Roberto didn't even look at Reinhardt's back as he turned away.



* * *



To Roberto de Gardenia, Reinhardt, a sophomore, was nothing more than a fan-rude plebeian who had unnecessarily assembled him from day one.

But my classmates seemed to have a different idea.

"You know, the guy from last time."

"Oh, that....... Reinhardt?"

"Yeah, him."

It was such a strong impression that even though there were three seniors, Ellen, Herriot, and Reinhardt, the first impression of Reinhardt was very strong in everyone's memory.

Sicilla von Glaione, Grade 1, A-7.

He was an honored member of the Countess of Glione's family, a longtime student at Temple's elementary school. He was a classmate who recognized Reinhardt, as well as Harriet and Ellen.

Her talents include spearmanship and magic sensitivity. She was one of the most talented combat majors.

Sicila was sitting in the lobby of her freshman year, chatting with her classmates. Roberto pretended not to be listening, but was surreptitiously eavesdropping on the girls' conversation.

They don't think they're eavesdropping. They just think that the story is flowing naturally into their ears.

"Honestly, isn't he handsome?"

At Sisilla's words, Roberto resisted the urge to jump out of his seat.

What the hell is so handsome about that parasitic oraby?

After raving about it in his mind, Roberto held down the fire that was about to burst.

"Really......? I was so scared then that......."

"That looks scary......."

The two who answered were Rosier, A-3, and Cadina Ein, A-10, who remembered their first impression as being very frightening, as they watched the senior stomp on Liberto with such ferocity.

"No, it was just that time, you're not usually that angry. Is it just an impression or something......?"

It was clear that Sicila was more concerned about Reinhardt's seniority than the first impression she had made at the tournament.

Even the majors are melee.

"He's so good! He was already able to do magical enhancements as a first grader that even third graders can't do now? I've seen it with my own eyes."

"Are you sure......?"

Enchantment.

The words seemed to stop Roberto in his tracks.

It's a high-level combat skill that a lot of picked and cherry-picked talent can train for over a decade and never realize. To be able to do that already in first grade.

Roberto felt like screaming at him to stop lying.

"I want to get to know you......."

Sisilla's flirtatious comment made Roberto's already tangled judgment even tighter.

"I thought you and Lucinil were already close?"

The girl with the distinctive silver hair, number eleven in the first year class, almost lived in the second year dormitory.

"So....... how the hell did he do that? I'll have to ask him later."

Reinhardt.

Just hearing the name made Roberto's stomach turn.

I want to punch it in the face somehow.

Enchantment? He must have done something dirty. There's no way a commoner, let alone a Temple, could have realized a magical enhancement that even he, a man who had the full backing of the royal family, ate everything that was good for him, and trained in the best of environments, could have realized faster than he did.

Liberto vows to uncover Reinhardt's dirty laundry one day.

A few days later, Liberto headed to the Temple's main auditorium for the weekend.

You said you were looking for the owner of Alsbringer.

It's not like I didn't have a little bit of hope that it might be me.

What if you became the owner of Alsbringer?

I am honored that the holy relic has chosen me, as I am a descendant of Gardenia, but I worry that I will have to say no, as my royal duties must take precedence. And then there's the matter of how to deal politically with our uneasy relationship with the Order of Alth.

Well, you can only think about it so much, and it's not like it's impossible.

Roberto had even thought about it.

Determined to do so, Roberto de Gardenia was faced with an unbelievable sight.

"......."

-Woof

When I saw Reinhardt being chosen by Alsbringer, I couldn't help but think that something was very wrong.

-Alsbringer.......

-reinhardt.......

-Select Alsbringer from.......

There was a lot of commotion around.

As he watched, however, he noticed something uncomfortable about the look on Reinhardt's face.

Chosen by a Relic.

By the way.

Like.

He had the look of someone who had just done something he hated.

Reinhardt's expression stiffens, faced with the immense honor of being chosen by the Holy One.

Liberto saw the look on Reinhardt's face and couldn't help but realize.

A gut feeling that this person is somehow different, qualitatively different from you.



* * *



Alsbringer, the warrior's sword.

An object that can summon the war god Als. However, it comes at a cost. Ragan Artorius summoned the war god to defeat the demon, and it cost him his life.

There were two holy relics in the original.

Rament and Alsbringer. Ellen's sword, Lament, was a very sharp sword, with the effect of an Auror blade. Ellen was unable to draw upon the true power of the artifact.

Alsbringer's true power is to summon war gods. So technically, Alsbringer is a holy object, but it's unbalanced because it's too powerful on its own. That's why we added the idea that the true power lies within the lament, but Ellen hasn't been able to tap into it.

I know this much about Alsbringer.

Saturday.

The Great Hall of the General Headquarters, where the entire Royal Class is gathered.

There weren't that many people.

The Imperials are now looking for a new owner for Alsbringer.

The owner may not choose to be a member of the Royal Class. If so, it will try to find the owner elsewhere.

"With the Demon King's forces at a low ebb, the Empire needs new warriors. Perhaps such a one can be found among the students here."

The Emperor stood in the banquet hall, facing the entire Royal Class, and said.

"If the master of the Alsbringer is chosen here, you will have to keep it a closely guarded secret. The Devil will want to destroy the next master of Alsbringer before he becomes a huwan."

We're trying to find a new owner for Alsbringer.

And if you do find the owner, you must keep its existence a closely guarded secret.

The tension on everyone's faces was palpable. They realized that they were so close that the name Demon King was almost touching their skin.

As such, the Empire would look to up-and-comers or militant groups like the Knights Templar and Royal Class to find new warriors.

As such, there were fewer than two hundred people in the room, including the Emperor, the highest-ranking priests of the Order of Alth, and the entire Royal Class.

The process was complicated.

But only the results are in front of you.

I was floating in thin air, watching the Alsbringer, waiting for me to grab it.

All eyes were on me, the chosen one of Alsbringer.

It was supposed to be Ludwig's.

Originally, this should have been Ludwig.

If I say no, will Alsbringer choose a different owner?

I could reject it, and Alsbringer could accept my rejection and go to another master.

It is very likely to be Ludwig.

That is.

How is this different from asking Ludwig to die instead of me.

Ludwig does not know the true power of the Alsbringer, but he will learn it in time.

The inscription on Alsbringer's sword hilt glowed with a brilliant light.



[It shall be done by sacrifice].



The keyword in Alsbringer is sacrifice.

Actually, this was expected.



This sword.

Alsbringer.

This is the kind of sword that chooses as its master only those who can die for the world.

Everyone is looking at me.

Some were jealous, some were appalled, and some seemed to approve.

-Flash!

I gripped the War God's blade. It glowed with a fierce light, as if it recognized me as its master.

-twinkle

Emperor.

Neliod de Gradias's applause echoed through the packed auditorium.

Soon there was a lot of applause from others.

The situation was pretty simple.

Alsbringer.

For the record.

I was chosen by the thing that killed my father.



* * *



It shall be a secret that I have become the master of Alsbringer. However, I do not know how well that secret will be kept. However, a strict gag order has been placed on all those present.

The Empire will have to guard this secret closely, lest I be killed by the Devil, and the Royal Class students who witnessed this spectacle will be asked to keep it strictly confidential.

Unaware that it was the Devil who chose Alsbringer.

Anyway, while I've managed to hide my ownership of Tiamata, my ownership of Alsbringer is now known to quite a few people.

It's not official, but I've become the chosen one of the Holy Grail.

Of course, I had no choice but to speak with the Emperor himself, who had witnessed the ritual of finding the owner of the Alsbringer.

"Master of two holy objects."

The emperor was looking at me with a solemn expression.

"Maybe I have more than Ragan Artorius in front of me."

Lagan Artorius also had two holy relics, but he only carried one in his fight with the demon.

I had no answer to the emperor's calm words.

In fact, Ellen also has two holy relics, but she doesn't talk about them.

The emperor laid his hand on my shoulder; it would have been a great honor for him to touch me in person.

"Reinhardt."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"......."

He just looked into my eyes and didn't say anything for a while. I wanted to say something, but I couldn't seem to get the words out.

Finish.

"......You've become too important to ask for personal favors."

He smiled bitterly, not answering what he was going to say in the end.

"I ask for the future of humanity."

I don't think the word empire was intentional.

The future of humanity.

Yes.

The future of the world, beyond even that.

That's what I want.

"Somehow, I'll get it done."

I have a nuclear weapon in my hands.

A nuclear weapon that I must use with my life.

It doesn't change the fact that it's a hack.



* * *



The emperor encouraged me and then quietly returned to the palace. As if nothing had happened, even though a great event had taken place.

As if nothing had happened, the group gathered in the General Headquarters dispersed and I returned to my Royal Class dorm.

"I don't know if this is something to celebrate."

"I think it's a pain in the ass. We already have a holy grail."

"So."

Ellen didn't seem to think it was a very good thing that I had become the owner of the Alsbringer. Sure, it's nice to have a holy object, but she seemed to think it might be a problem if other people knew about it.

Ellen said something like that, and then she said something else.

"Well, you can talk to me later, but for now, go see Harriet."

"Why the paktong?"

"He's crying."

What?

Why is she crying all of a sudden?

Are you crying because my Reinhardt was chosen by the Holy Grail?

Why?

But.

The reality was completely different.

"Ugh!"

When I got to her room, she just hugged me and sobbed.

"Don't do it, don't do anything, don't do anything. Huh? Ew! Ew! Ew!"

a.

For Herriot, holy relics meant something else.

Herriot doesn't know I have Tiamata.

I realize that now that I'm the owner of the relic, I'll inevitably have to fight the devil.

Because I think I'm going to die.

I was crying because I was afraid of it.

"I'm scared....... I'm so scared, Reinhard....... Ew! Black! Hmph!"

"No....... What's the point of dying?"

"Still....... But......."

In my arms, Herriot sobbed as if the world would fall apart.

"I'm not dying."

"Lord, if I die....... You can't die. Do you understand? Don't, you're fighting the devil. Don't make a scene. Don't do that. Okay? Promise me. Promise me......."

"Okay. Why would I do that, huh? I'm not going to die."

"Black....... Me, I'm strong too....... By all means, you....... I'll protect you......."

"Yeah, yeah."

I became the owner of a holy artifact that would kill me if I unleashed its true power.

I'm not going to die.

I comforted Herriot.



* * *



If this were a public event, there would be a frenzy, and the name Reinhardt would be carried to every corner of the continent.

However, due to the timing, it remained quiet even after Alsbringer chose a new owner.

Even inside the Royal Class dormitories, the singing of the Alsbringer was strictly forbidden. Teachers were very strict about initiation, and the way my seniors and juniors looked at me became awe-inspiring, like they were looking at someone from another dimension.

Of course, if you want to talk, you can, although it's strictly forbidden.

Olivia came to see me, too.

"......."

Now that I'm the owner of the relic, I can't help but believe that the devil and I are destined to fight. Just as Herriot did, so does Olivia.

Olivia held me still. I knew why, and this time I couldn't push her away.

Olivia stroked my hair.

Olivia was saved by the Devil. Therefore, if the Devil and I were to fight, Olivia would be in trouble. Olivia doesn't seem to hate the Devil at all right now.

"I'm on your side."

"......."

"I'm on your side, no matter what."

If I were to fight a demon, he seemed more than willing to become the enemy of the one who had saved him.

But those words have a different resonance for me now.

"I know."

Olivia Ranze.

She'll be on my side, even if she knows I'm a demon.



* * *



Everyone looked at me a little differently.

Ludwig has taken something that should have belonged to him, and he doesn't realize that the Alsbringer should have been his.

Honestly, I don't feel too self-conscious about stealing it.

If I give this to a guy who's ready to sacrifice himself for humanity at any moment, he might use it against me.

For Ludwig's sake, for my sake, it's right that I take ownership of this.

"I'll try my best, too, so I can be of some use to you."

"Yeah."

Ludwig said.

"You're....... That's awesome."

Klippmann said.

"If you kill the demon, I can marry you."

"What the hell?"

"Let's not die anyway. Neither of us."

Riana looked at me and said something offhanded like that, bumping my shoulder as she walked by.

"That's great, Reinhard. Even Alsbringer has chosen you."

Charlotte congratulated me with a big smile on her face, as if she thought that getting stronger couldn't be a bad thing.

And.

"Master of two holy objects."

On the terrace, Bertus looked at me and said.

I figured I'd find out someday, but Bertus, as always, already knew.





