Episode 389.





No matter what I did, I needed to talk to Charlotte.

Charlotte often returned to the palace to work on her research in the art of marriage. She watched to see who Alsbringer chose, congratulated me, and then returned to the palace.

Saturday night.

Access to the palace is now something I can do at any time.

But instead of standing at the main entrance to the Imperial Palace, I stood at the Warp Gate, holding the artifact Charlotte had given me.

Bertus already knows most of the facts and doesn't actually want to kill Charlotte.

Still, it doesn't change the fact that I need to watch my step. Even if it's not Bertu, Charlotte could get in trouble for going on record as saying I went to the Palace of Spring in the middle of the night on a weekend.

I planned to use the warp gate to the basement of the Palace of Spring that Charlotte had given me.

I activated the brooch-like artifact as Charlotte had instructed, and used priority to enter the warp gate.

I was able to walk straight through the warp gate.

An underground space that is dark, but not completely devoid of light.

An artifact that doesn't follow a set path, but rather interferes with it and can exit through a completely different gate.

Even though it was my first time using it, I realized that it was dangerous.

As you continue up the stairs from the basement of the Palace of Spring, you soon see a button on the wall that activates a secret door.

No. But.

This is something.......

Why do I feel like I've committed a crime when it's something I was given to use?

It was Charlotte who told me to come anytime, so I can come anytime.

You're not getting dressed, are you sleeping?

If you're going in while you're sleeping, that's kind of weird.

No, I mean, you had permission to do that, right? That's what you were told to do, and that's what you did, so what's the problem?

Think of it like coming home from a long night at work and your wife is still sleeping at home.

No, we're not a couple yet!

Not yet doesn't mean I'm going to do it!

I don't know.

-Dalcock

I pressed the button, and the wall gently opened without a sound, revealing a panoramic view of the interior of Charlotte's bedroom.

Luckily, it wasn't one of those situations where I was in the middle of getting dressed and Charlotte appeared out of nowhere.

However.

The bed was definitely smaller than the last time I was here.

He said it was too big and uncomfortable and that he would change it, and he did. Sure, it's still pretty big, but it's not like I have to crawl around in bed.

In such a bed.

I could see Charlotte sleeping peacefully in an upright position looking at the ceiling.

But it was a little different than usual.

His hair is dyed black.

As I got closer, I could see a little more detail.

The darkness doesn't drip and drip and drip like it did last time.

Charlotte, who looked like she'd dyed her hair black, was asleep, breathing evenly, with a calm demeanor.

The demon's ego has been blown away by my words, and all that remains is power.

It and Charlotte's soul are slowly merging, and now it's almost complete.

So Charlotte doesn't run away, and she doesn't break out in a cold sweat.

As if to show that the forces were united in a natural way, not in a seizure.

The power consumed Charlotte, but she remained peacefully asleep.

Charlotte will be fine, regardless of the spell. As long as she remains one with the demon.

Is this really a good thing.

I don't know.

"Charlotte."

I call Charlotte to be still.

Because if it's okay as it is, it won't be okay any other way.

"Charlotte, it's me."

"ugh......."

At the sound of someone calling, dark-haired Charlotte stirs, her brow narrowing.

"Hey."

Eventually, when I called her by her name, Charlotte narrowed her eyes and went still.

"Hmm....... Huh?"

Charlotte's eyes met mine.

No.

Come to think of it.

If you saw me in a room with the lights off, you'd think it was a creepy guy in the dark who broke into the room.

I watch Charlotte's eyes widen to tears.

"Gah....... Suck! Suck!"

"!"

I covered Charlotte's mouth in case she screamed.

The moment you blocked it.

While I question in my head how this is different from an irreparable offense.

I could see the fear in Charlotte's eyes as she didn't recognize me.

Speaking of which.

Charlotte had been kidnapped by Sarkegar.

Reason flew out of Charlotte's head in terror, and darkness began to flow from her hair.

Then, out of thin air, I could see dozens of dark spears appear, aimed at me.

-shii profit!

This.

Dies.

"It's me! It's me! Reinhardt!"

"!"

I could see the dozens of dark spears flying at me from all directions, stopping just short of turning me into a bundle of skewers.

It happened in less than a second, before I could stop her and explain anything.

Real.

It almost got ridiculous.



* * *



"Sorry Reinhard......."

"No....... I can do that. I'm the one who came to you."

"I should have thought it could be you, but I was so surprised that......."

I apologized to the landlord for trespassing. She was so surprised that I had almost killed her that she apologized profusely without even checking on herself.

"I told you to come find me, and now you're doing this....... I'll be more careful in the future. I've never been here before, so I'm not sure if I'll be able to......."

"You should have told him I'm coming, too, so he can be surprised. He's not hurt."

"I told you to come whenever you want....... Hmm. Hmm. Okay......?"

Charlotte's eyes widened as if she'd just checked on her.

"What......?"

"Yeah, you should be more concerned about your health than mine."

Running a hand through her hair, Charlotte realized that her locks had been stained black, and she panicked and stood in front of the full-length mirror in her bedroom.

Only Saka has black hair, and his eyes are no longer the usual golden color, but black.

Charlotte's fingertips trembled. She would be crushed by the horror of knowing she was being consumed by this power again.

"And....... And......."

"Relax, Charlotte, you'll be fine."

I know now that when Charlotte is in this state, it's only psychological.

I put my arm around her shoulders and Charlotte buried her face in my arms, averting her gaze from the mirror.

"No one's controlling your consciousness like they did last time, it's just something that happens sometimes, and nothing's really going to happen, trust me."

"Yes....... Yes."

While cosmetic changes may raise doubts in others, they can also be controlled in some way.

Charlotte shivered and broke out in a cold sweat for a very long time, as if the very idea of change was frightening, even if she knew it wasn't.

After a while of soothing, Charlotte stopped shaking.

But the gray hairs didn't come back.

Charlotte muttered to herself as she looked at the beautiful, blackened locks of hair in her hands.

"I feel....... so weird."

It must have been eerie to have something dominate your consciousness, but once you calm down, you won't actually feel any threat.

It may have been a crisis reaction, but Charlotte even used her powers to attack me. Charlotte seemed to instinctively know how to handle the demon's power.

"Um, is there something urgent?"

Charlotte dropped the hand that had been running through her hair and looked at me, wondering if she was more curious about my reason for coming here in the middle of the night than she was about her own problems.

Where and how to start with what to say.

I've been told by Bertus that unless I marry you, you are bound to die.

I wonder what Charlotte's face would look like if she heard that.

Maybe he's tired of being pitied by Bertus.

"Let's say you're feeling better."

I didn't start with that right away. Charlotte nodded at my words.

"Yeah. I hope so."

"So, does that solve all your problems?"

"......."

Charlotte's expression quickly darkened.

"So, nothing happens from now on. I can stay safe?"

My answer to that question.

Charlotte didn't have any answers.



* * *



Charlotte was in no condition to devote her full attention to the issue of imperial succession.

First, I was focused on finding Valerie, and second, I was busy taking care of myself because I didn't know when I would be consumed by the demonic spirit.

The distance had widened too much, and Bertus had taken too much credit. The things he had to do to survive ended up becoming the name of the heir to the imperial throne who did nothing.

It was an act of God.

It's just that force majeure doesn't give Charlotte extra points.

"Dear Bertus, did you hear something?"

"......."

I couldn't say no.

"Maybe it was meant to be this way, ever since I came back from the Devil Castle."

Even if she hadn't wasted her time searching for Valerie, Charlotte would have never gotten over the after-effects of the demonic procedure.

It's just the way it is.

"It's true that my position has become very unstable, because the people who supported me are now looking at Bertus and not me."

They can't stick with Bertus, but now that Charlotte's defeat is certain, they look to Bertus, not Charlotte.

The Palace of Spring has been closed for unexplained reasons before, so even her entourage has a general idea that something is very wrong with Charlotte.

It's hard to trust an unstable lord when you're just trying to live a normal life.

Above all, the centrists would have seen Charlotte's situation and been all over Bertus, who was likely to be the next emperor.

"If Bertus becomes emperor, it might not be his minions who kill me, but my own people, who might try to buy immunity with my life."

Bertus's entourage doesn't have to tell him to kill Charlotte.

There could be infighting among Charlotte's factions and they could kill her. In that case, it would not be Bertus who kills Charlotte, so Bertus would say that he did not cause her harm.

While Bertus and Charlotte's relationship hasn't mended, it's clear that Bertus' animosity toward Charlotte has softened enough that he's willing to be merciful since he's already won.

"I don't know, if I can just fix my situation, maybe I'll be okay for as long as I'm in Temple."

Charlotte smiles at me.

"Do you remember what the Emperor said, that if anything were to happen to either of us, he would disqualify the other from succeeding to the throne?"

"......Yes."

During my freshman year, the Emperor sent an edict to the Temple Royal class that apparently said just that.

"So, we're good for at least a couple years."

At least five years by the time you graduate from Temple, that is, unless something happens to the Emperor by then. And even then, the words themselves may become obsolete over time.

"And maybe things will change in those years......."

Charlotte trailed off as she said that. If Charlotte accomplishes something in the meantime, things might change.

That's true in and of itself.

But even Charlotte's supporters have already realized the consequences and are turning away. The sooner you turn around, the sooner you'll be safe from the next emperor's eyes.

Once you lose your foundation, you're done for. There are no second chances.

So, Charlotte's statement is just an excuse.

An excuse to reassure me.

Bertus's people won't harm Charlotte, but if Charlotte's entourage is up to no good, that's something they can't handle.

There's a very good chance that you'll be fine for a few years and then it won't be true.

I may not make it out of Temple unscathed.

At least for a few years, I'll be free of the demon's spirit.

Charlotte is lying to me.

"Reinhardt."

"......."

"It wasn't supposed to be a life."

Charlotte looks at me and says.

"If I could live with myself, even if it was just being taken advantage of, if I could live like that for a few years......."

Charlotte looks at me and smiles sadly.

"That's good enough for me."

Beyond the timeout and eventually the timeout.

It's better to have a reprieve from the next one, even if it's only a reprieve from the next one, and that's enough to make you happy.

Charlotte became discouraged.

I was tired of it.

An empire is something, an imperial family is something, an emperor is something.

Even if Bertus had no desire to kill her, Charlotte would still have to die. It was very likely that Charlotte would die even if Bertus did nothing at all.

Because they were born with the potential for great power, they also had the penalty of death if they didn't achieve it.

Mercy is weakness and cannot be tolerated.

Charlotte squeezed my hand, still.

"Reinhardt."

He stares at me with sad eyes.

"You've already sacrificed so much for me, you've given me so much for nothing, and I'll never be able to repay you for what you've given me."

Charlotte brushes the back of my hand.

"I don't know what you're thinking, but I don't want you to sacrifice anything for me anymore."

Charlotte couldn't help but realize that I had something on my mind, which was why I had stormed into her bedroom in the middle of the night.

"I'm asking you as your friend."

I was desperate for him to think of me as more than a friend.

Charlotte finally used the word, friend.



* * *



Charlotte stopped me from saying anything.

It was as if he no longer wanted me to make sacrifices for him.

Charlotte was losing her image power. She would become increasingly isolated politically, and there would be less and less she could do.

But Charlotte doesn't want me to make any more sacrifices for her.

It is not known that I have become Lord of Alsbringer, and it would make little difference if I were to marry Charlotte in that situation. If I were to do so, it would have to be known that I am also Lord of Tiamata and Alsbringer.

In order to save Charlotte's life, I also feel the pressure to make my name known to the public.

I sat still in the chair at Charlotte's bedside, unable to leave her bedroom.

In the darkness, Charlotte lay in bed, staring blankly up at the ceiling. With her eyes closed and a few deep breaths, Charlotte's black-haired body returned to normal.

I felt like I had almost gotten used to controlling the power.

"If it's already done, I wonder if I should give up my power. It's a powerful thing."

If you're losing support, you might as well leave it behind, even if it's an evil and destabilizing force. Charlotte seemed to be coming to that conclusion.

"......Maybe."

Charlotte smiled sadly at my words.

Charlotte's current situation is one in which she is increasingly forced to rely on the very power that nearly destroyed her.

If I had been the intruder, Charlotte would have been able to use her demonic powers to kill the intruder and survive on her own.

Rather, once freed from the demonic spirit, they are unable to make even the last stand of self-defense.

Charlotte knows it, and I know it.

So even though Charlotte knew it was me who had actually broken into her room, she seemed to realize that if she were to encounter a real intruder or assassin, her only recourse would be this cursed power that the devil had placed in her.

"Nothing is going the way I thought it would."

Charlotte smiles wryly and turns to look at me.

Life must have been hell for Charlotte ever since she was kidnapped by the Demon King. She searched for Valier, but was never reunited with him, and eventually realized that he was the Demon King's heir.

The race to the throne was ultimately lost.

He had hoped to rid himself of the demonic spirit in his body, but now he might have to rely on it.

"Charlotte......."

"Still, you know what?"

Charlotte held my hand still.

"There's at least one good thing that happened that didn't go as planned."

Charlotte pulled my hand into hers, hugging it to her chest as if it were her own.

"Being close to you."

An A-list bad-tempered bully and heir to a criminal organization.

And here we were, Charlotte and I, both thought to be human trash, in the middle of the night in a bedroom at the Palace of Spring.

That's not what Charlotte expected, and it's not what I expected.

This is another one of those things that didn't work out as expected.

"I, I'm very grateful for that."

Although it didn't all work out as I thought it would.

Charlotte didn't seem to think she had failed at everything.

There's only one way to save Charlotte.

She might have a few years' reprieve, but it's entirely possible that a renegade member of Charlotte's entourage could be out to get her tomorrow.

It could be actual harm, or it could be poison.

You might lose that smile.

A sad smile, but a smile that will be lost.

Losing Charlotte forever.

I can't stand it.

"Well, let's do this."

"Huh? What?"

I bring my hand to Charlotte's cheek.

"A marriage by halves."

"Huh? Half a marriage, what does that mean?"

I knew this decision would change so many things.

"We'll just get engaged."

"Huh?"

I could never lose what I had somehow managed to keep.





