Episode 390.





Let's get engaged, not necessarily married, just to give Charlotte a temporary excuse.

Not out of fear of Bertus' forces, but to prevent Charlotte's entourage from being converted.

I said it with the urgency of putting out a fire. Charlotte looked up at me from where she lay, biting her lip.

"What the hell....... Why are you doing this?"

Charlotte puts her hand on my cheek, just as I do.

Charlotte's slightly chilled body heat transferred to my cheeks.

"I, the one you have to do this for....... You're not....... You're not me......."

"It's important."

"......."

"You matter."

A million emotions and thoughts were swirling through my head, but all I could say was this.

"That should do it."

This is a bad choice.

This choice makes no one happy, and only ensures someone's survival. That's it.

So, is it right to let Charlotte die?

I don't want to see that, so I'm not sure I'm right in this situation where I'm just choosing the next best thing instead of the worst thing.

Charlotte finally turns to look at me as I say this, her face contorted, her eyes tightly closed, and she begins to tear up.

"Reinhardt....... So, so....... Thanks......."

Eventually, Charlotte freaked out.

"So....... sad......."

I felt sad because I knew I was making this choice to protect Charlotte, not because I loved her.



* * *



Since I couldn't spend the night in the Spring Palace, I returned to the Temple once more. Through the warp gate in the basement of the Spring Palace, of course.

It's not official, but Charlotte and I are engaged.

I don't know how or in what way, but it was a promise I made to Charlotte.

With only wrong answers everywhere, I felt like I had chosen the next best answer.

I was engaged to be married, so I couldn't make this decision on my own.

I need to create a rationale for how I can be nominated as an imperial sire when outwardly I'm just a student in the Temple Royal class.

Soon.

It needs to be known that I'm the owner of Alsbringer, so just because I decided to do it doesn't mean it's going to happen right away.

Therefore, I had to meet with the most important person.

"Engaged....... ."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

It's a pretty tame situation.

He's just a commoner who asks the emperor for a private audience and tells him he'll betroth him to the princess.

But the truth is, the emperor was going to ask me for this favor first, but I said the words he didn't get to say.

Engaged, not married.

The Emperor stood in front of me, eyes closed, contemplating the gap.

"Can you afford it?"

I didn't ask them what they could afford.

But that word "afford" was too much.

It's a direct request from Bertus, but it's probably a question of whether you can afford Bertus.

If it becomes public knowledge that you are the master of Alsbringer, you may attract the attention of the Demon King.

And the tangled and ruined relationships with other people.

I risked my life the first time for Charlotte, and I risked my life the second time.

This time, I have to put everything on the line.

Lives and all.

They feel like they mean the same thing, but they actually mean something completely different to me.

Even Charlotte was rather saddened by my decision, not pleased. She seemed to be miserable with her situation.

"Yes, I can afford it."

It was complicated, but the answer was simple.

I will protect Charlotte. The one I saved the first time, this time, I'll keep it all to myself.

"Thank you....... Reinhardt."

A second thank you to the emperor.

It would be a glorious moment, but it didn't feel that glorious.



* * *



I spoke with the Emperor about my engagement.

I'm still just a student to the outside world, and if word of my engagement to Charlotte got out, it would be a grotesque scandal: a commoner betrothed to an empress.

It's only right that Susie is the new owner of Alsbringer.

We don't know exactly how we're going to do this, but we need to do it before Charlotte is in more danger than she already is. Once Charlotte had her powers under control, she would be safe from physical attack.

And.

I didn't know how to explain this to my kids.

They won't understand.

I don't expect to be understood.

I just couldn't figure out how to explain it, so I was stuck.

Only me, the Emperor, and Charlotte know about this yet.

And then there's Bertus, who even suggested it.

The week after the weekend.

Saviolin Tana called out to me and Ellen.

"As of this moment, I am in charge of both of your major classes."

Ellen and I had our entire major classes replaced.

We both expected it to some extent.

Though our major classes have already been replaced by combat training, our real training should be in the use of holy objects. I even have an Alsbringer.

The interim governess, Saviolin Tana, ended up being the interim teacher. Only to teach the two of us.

"Someone else will organize your class while I'm away."

"Yes."

"Yes."

I've also wondered if Tana's seeming drift away from her role as Charlotte's bodyguard might be due to her being pushed out of the succession race, but I'm not sure.

The dormitory dance floor wasn't the place to learn from Saviolin Tana.

"You've been granted permission to use the facility, which is normally off-limits. I'll register you for access to the facility, and you can come here to train on your own."

Saviolin Tana took us to the Temple's high-level combat training grounds.

It's a place like that.

A combat training arena with the same system as the main stadium in the Temple Tournament. A training ground where recall artifacts are triggered when players are on the verge of being fatally wounded despite fighting at full strength.

It's a very expensive place to build and maintain, so it's not for everyone. In fact, they don't even have royalty classes here.

Unlike the main stadium, which was outdoors, we entered the training grounds wearing our artifacts as a safety measure.

Ellen summoned Ramen, and I summoned Alsbringer and Tiamata.

"......."

Saviolin Tana looked at me and said, "Hmmm.

I summoned them both anyway.

b.

Am I supposed to be practicing dual wielding or something?

"......That's a headache."

"I think so, too."

"Sure."

Ellen nodded in agreement.

"You wouldn't be the first...... to have two holy relics in your life and wonder if you should use them both or just one, but I'm not sure if you should call it a blessing or a curse......."

Tana glanced at Ellen and corrected herself when she remembered the case of Ragan Artorius.

Saviolin Tana wasn't sure if she should start practicing the bizarre art of dual wielding, or if she should use choice and focus, swapping holy items as needed.

"Your doctor must be important, what are you going to do?"

Tiamata and Alsbringer.

Both are very powerful artifacts.

Saviolin Tana for dual wielding seemed to be very negative. I want to use both, but I don't want to throw away everything I've ever done and learn from scratch.

Isn't the point of dual wielding that you lose the freedom of your left hand, rather than having one more way to attack?

How can I not put this together?

I'm going to rename it Alstiamata or something, so we can merge.

Naturally, none of that happened.

I sent Tiamata back.

"I'll take one, and if you try to force me to use both, neither you nor I will."

"Wise decision, Reinhard."

If you try to change your body just to use what you have, you'll ruin what you've built.

For now, you'll want to get a feel for Alsbringer's basic abilities.



* * *



I haven't set them all up, but Relics have two powers by default.

Basic and true abilities.

In the case of Tiamata, she is essentially a very powerful demonic force. Her true power is the ability to wield vast amounts of divine power at will. Though there are some special circumstances, such as Olivia's help.

In the case of laments, it has a similar effect to auror blades, and I don't know what the true effect is yet.

In the case of Rafelt, we saw something similar to Auror Armor last time, and again, we don't know his true abilities.

And Alsbringer.

True power is summoning a war god.

-Quack!

"Ahem!"

Ellen took a half step back as the ramen crashed into my swung Alsbringer.

This was despite the fact that there was still a significant power differential between me and Ellen.

-Kang! Kaang!

After a few more swipes, Ellen backed off.

Alsbringer's true power is his avatar's ability to summon war gods, but that's not the only reason he exists.

The basic effect of Alsbringer is simple.

If the enemy is stronger than you, the stronger you are.

The more enemies I have to deal with, the better.

Makes the owner stronger.

It had a powerful basic effect that truly lived up to its name, Sword of the War God.

Of course, this is just a setup to make it easier for the protagonist to overcome a stronger opponent.

The Alsbringer that Ludwig used for such a setup is now in my hands.

Of course.

As with any such setup, it's not invincible.

Makes the owner stronger.

After all, that vague phrase says it makes you stronger, not that it will necessarily let you win against someone stronger than you.

You said that the stronger your enemy is than you, the stronger you are, and the more you are, the stronger you are, but where did you say that it gives you victory?

Sure, it might let you win, but chances are it won't.

It's a very powerful artifact, but ultimately a vague one.

Because ambiguity is good for writing.

-Carded!

Ellen's ramen deflects my sword roughly, but at just the right angle to pierce my throat.

-pot!

And with that, I was recalled outside the training grounds.

In the real world, no amount of magical enhancements would have saved him from being decapitated.

Ellen is much stronger than I am.

So even though Alsbringer made me as strong as I was, I was still no match for him.

Undefeated in 10 games.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

I was almost as bad outside of the training center.

Exhaustion.

In real life, I would have died ten times to Ellen.

"I can definitely feel the power of the artifact. On average, I lasted at least fifteen sums longer than usual."

Saviolin Tana, who had watched the whole thing from outside the training center, nodded in agreement. It was a rout, as usual, but she'd been pushing Ellen harder and harder.

Back in the waiting room, Ellen was so sweaty that her hair was sticking to her forehead.

"It's hard."

It was such an intense 10 games that Ellen said that.

"What about me, who even lost?"

Ellen didn't even use a rappel. This means that in real life, she would have been no match at all.

Is there any way to use both Alsbringer and Tiamata at the same time, like in a scabbard or something, so that if you're fighting with one on your belt or back, you can use both buffs?

"Reinhardt, you often encounter situations that increase your physical abilities, including your enhanced superpowers, so you don't always know exactly how much athleticism you have. You often find yourself in situations where you're almost forced to push, and you tend to panic when you're pushed back. You have to get used to how strong you are in certain situations."

When Ellen and I were both exhausted, we sat on the bench next to each other and listened to Tana's feedback.

"Ellen, I can't fault you."

"Thank you."

No.

I'm the only one who hears the feedback.

No more favoritism from Saviolin Tana.

Tana wasn't disappointed in me.

"Should I say something to Ellen, too? If I say something to Reinhardt, it'll be too.......

"Reinhardt, I can't deliberately tell Ellen to stop being a dick.

"What do I do?

"I want to compliment you.

You want to play favorites, but you can't.

That's just on a superficial level, and I've even written a self-reinforcing relic into a cheat called Superpower.

Ellen also wields laments, but with the unbreakable sword of Alsbringer in her hand, sharpness isn't much of an advantage. If you're an auror blade wielder like Tana, who can generate energy pulses from the blade itself, that's a different story.

Ellen's basically just taking a raw physical, armed with all sorts of cheats, and pressing it.

Still.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

You realize that Ellen is sweating and breathing heavily.

Something.

I felt like I was following along.

No matter how fast you are.

And every time I saw Ellen, there was a nagging feeling of discomfort.

Some kind of discomfort, I should say guilt.





