Episode 392.





Since my major class was replaced, I have been training to familiarize myself with the power of the Alsbringer. It is known within the Royal Class that I am the master of the Alsbringer, so I have been able to bring it out at will in the performance hall.

Of course, the Alsbringer is such a sharp blade that it actually splits flesh and bone upon contact, so it was agreed that it would only be used in high-level combat training centers, not in practice. In the first place, the opponent would have to use a training sword, which would likely shatter or slice the sword itself upon contact with the Alsbringer.

Sure, I was busy training, but I also took regular classes and definitely had time to spare.

I thought about ways to make a name for myself on the continent as the master of Alsbringer, but I hadn't come up with anything yet. Charlotte was still doing fine.

But every time she looked at me, she looked like she was going to cry.

At the same time as she was thanking me, she was also feeling very sorry for me.

"Why do you eat so well?"

I was walking down Main Street with Lucinil, staring blankly at her as she munched on a crepe.

It was just the two of them now. I'd only taken her out because she was whining to go for a walk.

But eating is out of the question, because Elise said she could eat.

But why is he eating it?

"Don't you know I am something special, Reinhardt?"

"What is that?"

"I'm not a normal vampire, I'm a homunculus, and my body type is obviously different from humans, and I'm not a normal vampire."

"Can you say it a little smaller?"

"I'm noise-canceling in real time, so it's okay. Anyway, that's why I can manipulate my physical body with magic, don't you see how easily I got through the Temple Gate? That's why I can taste things, it's just that it's not my lifeblood."

Lucinil is not your typical vampire in many ways. She's a homunculus, a creature that never existed in the first place, turned into a vampire.

In some ways, Lucinil, the homunculus vampire, seemed to be functioning more fully as a living being than the other vampires.

"By the way, are you a bit reluctant about having an Alsbringer or something?"

"It's a cautionary tale to use whatever you can."

"Hmmm. I guess so. Since you said you don't remember."

Lucinil was worried that the object that killed the demon had fallen into my hands.

"Yuck, that's sluggish. I think I'm going to throw up."

Lucinil ate her crepe for a while, then suddenly scurried to the nearest public restroom.

No.

Why does he seem to be eating so well?

The more I got to know him, the more I realized he was an oddball.

A few moments later, Lucinil walked over to me, wiping the corner of her mouth in disbelief.

"If you're going to eat well, eat well. What are you doing?"

"You should eat what you want, even if you know you'll throw up. He's good at keeping a straight face in front of other kids, so don't worry about it."

You sound like an alcoholic's excuse for this.

"Anyway, I've shared with the council that you've been chosen by Alsbringer, and the dungeon renovation seems to be going well."

I didn't bring it up for nothing, I brought it up to share what's going on.

"By the way, those Hufflepuffs were kind of weird."

"Weird?"

"You guys built that thing, that ridiculous thing."

Power Cartridge and Moonshine.

Rusinil seemed to know about it.

"You built two things that I can't figure out if you asked me to build them right now, and you built them in a matter of months, and they don't seem to have any flaws in the research?"

I thought it would be just a bunch of kids, since the royal class is so great, but when I saw the results, I think it made Lucinil think it didn't make sense.

Two high school club-level creations that would make even a Lord Vampire, aka Archmage, who has spent years studying magic, cringe.

Of course, Adelia and Christina's talents are unorthodox, and indeed, even in Royal Class, our grade is overrepresented.

I don't know how she came across the research, but it seemed to really sink in that the Magical Research Society wasn't just a place for kids to get together and discuss magic.

"It's not that I don't understand your desire to keep it a secret, but....... but it's kind of a waste."

For fear of getting caught by Cantus Magna or getting in trouble with the kids, he decided to hide his accomplishments.

I hadn't gotten to the part about keeping it a secret from new club members, but I was reminded of the need to make sure they were properly initiated.

"And then there's him, the cutie."

"You mean Harriet, right?"

"Yeah, he's the weirdest in terms of nonsense. He's reinterpreting scroll magic as rune magic, and he's doing what, no, why?"

Apparently, while talking to the Magical Researchers, he also heard about the new magic system that Herriot had developed.

"I'm starting to wonder what the hell I've been doing with my life? There are kids who aren't even twenty yet doing that....... Maybe I'm not actually talented, so to speak....... pushed by time....... or something?"

Lucinil began to mutter something self-deprecating. Anyway, Lucinil was tongue-in-cheek, saying that the genius of the Society was amazing, and that Herriot de Saint-Ouen's talent was the most intriguing of all.

You say you're doing it for protection, but you're running around, sucking up, hanging out with the kids, it's just selfish.

"If I were Cantus Magna, I'd covet them more than a few spellbooks."

"......I think so too."

"It doesn't seem to have occurred to you that you could use them to get to Cantus Magna."

"......."

I've hidden the results of my research, and Lucinil has a real-time view of how I'm actually doing at the Temple.

They know I'm not going to try to take advantage of them.

"World peace."

Lucinil says, stretching like she's about to be torn apart.

"Reinhardt, anybody who dreams of such things should be disfellowshipped."

"You don't have to do that."

"Well, at least that's a positive."

Lucinil stretches out, sighs heavily, and looks up at me.

The look in his eyes was serious, unlike his usual playfulness.

"It might be a good idea to walk away before you build up too much emotion."

Running away before you can get closer to others.

Disappearing.

I could see what Rusinil meant when he said that it might actually be okay.

Before too much emotion builds up.

"I think it's too late for that."

By the time I did, it was too late.

At my self-help words, Rusinil gave me a wistful smile.

"...... looks like that."

He adds.



* * *



Newly added to the list of out-of-grade people frequenting the sophomore A-class dorms is Lucinil, now a freshman.

"Where's my brother?"

"Ah....... Isn't your brother Reinhardt in the training grounds......?"

"Oh, yes, thank you, sir!"

Lucinil gave Heinrich a quick nod and hurried off to the rehearsal hall.

For some reason, Reinhardt had a crush on a silver-haired freshman as soon as the school year started.

There's a junior named Lucinil who calls all the other seniors "seniors" and follows Reinhardt around, calling him "my brother.

Reinhardt even seems to be annoyed by it.

So everyone was rekindling old animosities.

But of course, it can't be physically manifested.

He has been chosen by Alsbringer, who is now firmly under the Emperor's command.

Or the attention of a cute junior.

So does Alsbringer.

Why does he get to keep everything!

They were on the verge of cursing the world for being so unfair.

And just like that, Lucinil is wandering around her sophomore dorm room.

"Oh, hello. Senior."

"Uh, that....... Uhm. That, yeah."

Bertus ran into Lucinil in the hallway of the dormitory and returned her greeting with a shaky smile.

Silver Hair.

It's a kind of PTSD for Bertus.

So Bertus, who always wore a mask when dealing with people, couldn't hide his discomfort whenever he saw Lucinil.

This isn't Lucinyl, who wouldn't recognize such a sign.

"Do you hate me?"

"Huh? Oh, no, there's no reason for that."

"Then why do you always look at me and can't make eye contact?"

"Oh....... Did I do that? Um, not at all. I don't know."

Bertus pursed his lips as he watched Lucinil look up at him with an innocent expression, unable to bring himself to say that he was allergic to silver hair.

Bertus has had a lot on his mind lately, and hasn't been paying much attention to the Temple's affairs. As a result, he often spends his days in the Winter Palace and is not aware of the happenings in the dormitories.

All we know is that Reinhardt has been under a lot of stress lately because of what happened with Charlotte.

Freshman junior.

Silver-haired girl.

I'm always looking for Reinhardt.

I don't know how he did it, but it's clear that he's already managed to seduce a first-year student. At least in Bertus' eyes.

Reinhardt, who turned a silver-haired girl into a do-or-die guy before the semester started.

Why?

For what?

Bertus's head is spinning.

Apostle of Tuan.

Chosen warrior of Alsbringer.

Soon to be engaged to Charlotte, he is an imperial sire-to-be.

She's a cross-dressing contest winner.

Silver hair fetish.

Reinhardt.

Without realizing it, Bertus grabbed the shoulder of the silver-haired junior who was shaking his head.

"Beware of Reinhardt."

"What? That....... What?"

"Anyway, if you say be careful, be careful!"

Bertus said, glaring at Lucinil, who was suddenly frozen.

"That, that....... Will you......?"

Rusinil was puzzled, but nodded her head in agreement.



* * *



For now, the most important thing to do is to fish for Kantus Magna in the dungeon we've created with the Black Order in Darklands.

And on a more personal note, how the hell am I going to proceed with my engagement to Charlotte, and how am I going to explain it to the kids? My guess is that if the Emperor's people contact me, I'll just do it, but they haven't sought me out yet.

The Magical Research Society's research is sealed after it's accomplished, but that doesn't mean it's disbanded. Everyone seemed to have ideas for new, but not too risky, research projects.

Even if he didn't, Louis Ankton seemed to be improving his own skills as he shared the results of his magical research with the children.

Ellen and I were being trained by Savior Tana in combat that went beyond swordsmanship.

Goro.

It was a slippery slope that could crack at any moment, but in the end, I had a decent first semester.

Of course, it wasn't exactly the same as my freshman year.

On a typical weekend, I'd spend my time on the training grounds battling Ellen, and if that wasn't enough, catching up on research at the Ministry of Magic.

But now that I'm in my second year, things have changed and life is a little different.

Tana had almost given up her job as a chanapelle maker to devote her time to training the two of us, but you can't drop everything.

On weekends, she seemed to return to the palace to attend to Shanapelle's business. She had a tight schedule to begin with, but she seemed to be living it even more tightly.

I wondered if even a grandmaster would fall down like that.

So I was coached by Saviolin Tana on weekdays, and we trained on our own on weekends.

The senior combat training grounds were quite a distance from the dorms, so Ellen and I were the only two people there, and we were hell-bent on clashing swords.

The intensity of the combat is higher and rougher than what we've been used to on the training grounds.

Ellen used ramen, I used alsbringer or tiamata. I could have used lapelt, but I couldn't.

Before my sword even touched Ellen's body, a wave of flame from my lapel sent me flying.

It was impossible to break through the force of the Rapelt, which was like an automatic interceptor system.

So we alternated between Ellen using only Ramen and me using both holy items, and we clashed swords for the rest of the day.

-Bang! Kakang!

If last year's Ellen and today's me went head-to-head, I would have won.

But a year later, I'm still no match for Ellen.

Because just as I am stronger than I was last year, Ellen is stronger than she was last year.

-Bang!

Ellen used the force of my thrusts to yank my sleeve, flipping me onto my stomach in an articulated piledriver, and holding the blade to my throat.

"It's dead."

"......It doesn't matter because it's going to be recalled anyway."

"......Yes."

Here, they attack each other with all their might, even slashing and stabbing. But after a year of playing against each other, Ellen had gotten into the habit of stopping more often than not. It had become a habit for her to stop just before I could deliver the final blow.

We were close together, Ellen's sweaty hair and slightly ragged breath touching.

This state of being in close proximity to each other is no longer awkward for us.

Ellen stares down at me, puzzled, and mumbles something.

"The smell of sweat."

"......Don't you think you can fly?"

"......."

At that, Ellen stared at me blankly, then jumped to her feet.

"I'm going to wash up."

No.

No!

Just saying!

I don't smell sweat, you do!

I regretted my habit of giving something away once I heard it.





