Episode 393.





The senior combat training center we use is a huge facility. But it's not a place that just anyone can use.

We were the only two people inside the area we chose to use for confidentiality and security reasons, but it was definitely equipped with facilities, including showers.

Once you're here, you look like you've been playing baseball, so I always take a shower when I go home, and I always bring a change of clothes. Not just one outfit, but several.

It's still around 12:00, and you've just gotten back from breakfast.

It was time for lunch, but we were still training after lunch, so we were going to spend the rest of the day here killing it and doing combat training.

By the way.

"I'm done for the day."

I got out of the shower first and was back in the waiting room when Ellen came back and said.

It doesn't look like he's pouting. His mouth isn't sticking out.

At this rate, I'm guessing you're not going to do it tomorrow.

It seems like something I said without realizing it made Ellen think about something she hadn't thought about before?

For the first time in a year, it occurred to me that, just as he had smelled my sweat during all the bumping and grinding, I might be doing the same.

You'd think I didn't mind because I hadn't said anything until now, but I just didn't say anything, but I must have been smelling it to death.

Ellen stood still, staring at her white toes in her slippers, saying nothing about what she was thinking.

"No....... Hey......."

"......."

"Just saying....... It smells like sweat or something......."

"Don't......."

Ellen's voice is shaking.

"Oh, don't say anything....... Don't say anything......."

Ellen's cheeks were bright red as she hung her head.

One misplaced slip of the tongue, and Ellen's mentality cracked.

I forgot, Ellen is eighteen after all.

You know, the kind of person who would be sensitive to such things.......

Ellen's mind exploded with one word: sweat.

Ellen couldn't even blame me because she brought it up first.

Uh oh.

You didn't fight for any other reason, and the smell of sweat is going to keep you from practicing swordsmanship together in the future.

I mean, really? I'm not in a position to care about that?

But in this situation, it's bad no matter what you say.

Me - I'm sorry I said that.

Ellen - So you're saying it did smell?

The conclusion is that you shouldn't apologize.

Me - You didn't smell like sweat?

Ellen - Then why did you say that? You're saying that because you're sorry. You're saying that because you're sorry. So you're saying that it did smell?

Very likely to have the same result.

Me - I did smell like sweat, but when you're sweating, you're supposed to smell like sweat, right?

This is the worst thing you can say without even trying to imagine what the answer will be.

After all, no matter what you say, you're only going to shock Ellen's mind.

So I'm sitting there, unable to do anything, and Ellen's head is hanging down, on the verge of shame.

Our Dumbfounded.

In the old days, when something like this happened, you'd be like, "I'm sweating, so I smell like sweat. It would have been like this.

I've become a girl.

But hey.

Tiptoeing around and not knowing what to do.

That's cute.

Cute is cute, but we can't let our brains grind to powder.

And then there was the guilt that bounced back in a way that was scary to think about.

I should say.

Now, I have to say.

My jaw dropped.

"Reinhardt."

Ellen calls out to me, curling her toes.

"Uh....... Yeah."

"You've been a little weird lately."

I think it was partly because I sensed her mood that she wanted to stop here. Ellen cautiously turns her head toward me.

"What's wrong?"

There's no way Ellen didn't see the tip of my knife shaking.

So Ellen's been holding her tongue, and now she's asking.

You should say.

"......."

However, I ended up saying nothing.

I couldn't figure out how to get my luck going.

Ellen stares at me for a moment, then she moves closer to me and nuzzles my neck. The scent of her hair and the nape of her neck tickles my nose.

"It can be unsettling."

I wonder if he thought I was getting nervous because the battle with the demon was approaching and the intensity of my training was increasing.

Ellen wraps her arms around my neck and whispers in my ear.

"You'll be fine."

Everything will be fine.

Anything, anything.

That everything will be fine.

Ellen whispers in my ear constantly.

The more she did, the more the guilt that gnawed at me grew exponentially.

If I listened to any more of Ellen's little whispers, I was going to lose my mind.

So, I gently grabbed Ellen's arm that was holding me and released it.

"Hey."

"......Yes."

"Hey, let's just hang out."

"......?"

Yes.

I was so exhausted.

"We've been running too much lately. If you'd rather rest, let's just go play."

Let's take a break.

It's like you're running so hard that you don't have time to take a break, you don't have time to clear your mind, and the things you need to say keep getting pushed to the back of your mind.

Let's cool our heads a bit.

And, let's say.

At my comment, Ellen's eyes narrowed, and she nodded slightly.

"......Yes."

Somehow. He sounded like he was feeling a little better.



* * *



You could go out on Temple Main Street, but it's Saturday.

This means that tomorrow is Sunday, and we have quite a bit of free time to play.

"Let's bring the other kids along."

Ellen said that if they were going to play, she wanted the other kids to come along. I was surprised because I thought she was going to ask for just the two of us.

I'm about to say something important.

You don't have to keep it to yourself. It's a story that everyone will eventually know.

Adelia was at the Magical Research Institute, while Riana and Clifford seemed to be busy with physical training.

Ellen and I weren't exactly thrilled to see Riana, who would jump at the chance to play, refuse to play on the weekend.

"You're going to play?"

"Yes."

"Where?"

"We don't know that yet."

At least Herriot, who was headed to the Imperial Ministry of Magic, looked a little troubled, but agreed to go.

Harriet, me, and Ellen.

The three of us walked out of the temple.

In the original, Ellen was a nerdy, sword-wielding nerd who stayed in her rehearsal hall, and she's not much different now.

In the original, Herriot was a nerd, albeit an unapologetic one, and now he's just cute, but still a nerd.

Then, I realized something else that made me freeze.

"......What do you think?"

Ellen cocked her head at me, noticing my strange mood.

"I just realized something very surprising."

"Yes."

"Am I, in fact, a huge nerd?"

"......?"

"Wow."

Much to my dismay and surprise.......

I'm a nerd, so to speak.

He woke up at the crack of dawn every day to train, and on weekends, unless he had something else going on, he and Ellen would lock themselves in the training room to hone their specialty: swordsmanship.

Most of the things I do are asshole things, so I'm actually a pretty exceptional nerd among nerds. And not just in terms of academics, but in terms of accomplishments in my major, I'm second only to Ellen in the Temple sophomore class.

Ellen and Harriet stare at me with their mouths slightly open at my cheesy nerd appeal.

"......That's not exactly wrong."

"Yeah. I hate to admit it, but it's true......."

Upon reflection, I realized that they weren't wrong, which made it all the more alarming.

Reinhardt is a model student.

Bastardized schoolboy.

Anyway, Ellen is a nerd, Harriet is a nerd, and I'm a nerd.

So, if you've never played with it before, you're not sure what to expect.

I walked out of the temple.

I don't know where to go. You decide to play, but what should you play?

The only thing I can think of doing with them is eating, although that's more Ellen-oriented.

"I want to go to the ocean."

Ellen said something that neither I nor Harriet saw coming.

Ocean.

"The ocean? Isn't that a long way to go?"

There are no beaches near the ecliptic gradient.

"You can't go wrong with that."

"How? Because the gate has a queue......."

"Because I'm a great man, I have this."

Herriot's eyes widened at my imperial crest.

"No you can't do this....... Oh....... I see......."

When I realized that I was the owner of Alsbringer, I felt like I understood how I got it.

And, naturally, heads turn.

"And Ellen?"

"Yes."

Ellen also took the imperial crest from her bosom and showed it to Harriet. Herriot looks at the two imperial crests in front of him and stares at me blankly.

"Wow....... So now I can send you......."

"He's technically more noble than you. How does it feel to be honored, Grand Duchess? How does it feel to receive someone of royalty?"

"Hey, profit, you, you're not supposed to say that, you bastard!"

-Pak-Pak!

“어허! 이게 어디 황족에 준하는 존재의 몸에 손을 함부로 대? 어? 불경죄로 잡혀가고 싶어?”

"Wow, wow....... Wow. This, this garbage....... This is garbage......."

Her cheeks flushed bright red as she realized that he was going to jump right on the subject of her identity.

Anyway, we can go anywhere with a warp gate.

It's still a little too cold to go in the ocean. After Harriet had recovered from her shock and awe, I looked at Ellen.

"Do you just want to see the ocean or do you want to go to the ocean where you can swim?"

"It would be nice to be able to swim."

Then you can go to the tropics. Why not? It's also Saturday, so I don't think it would be a big deal if we went out and slept in.

Warp Gate System.

As far as this goes, it's a lot better than where I used to live.

A beach where you can swim.

As I thought about it, I remembered a place.

"Hey, why don't we go near where we did that desert island mission?"

"Yes."

"Wow! Really?!"

By the looks on Ellen and Harriet's faces, they were both in full agreement.

"It must have been the Kamsencha Archipelago."

"Yeah, I think I did."

Me and Harriet had completely forgotten about it, but Ellen remembered it right down to the name.



* * *



Imperial Territory, Kamsencha Archipelago.

I don't know much about the Kamsencha Archipelago, as it was the location of a desert island group mission, but I was teleported there by a mage after arriving via a warp gate.

Ellen and I strode through the warp gates, our imperial crests flying.

Herriot seemed to marvel at how swiping the imperial crest on any warp gate gave him a free pass.

"There's no stop-and-frisk at all."

"I suppose."

When you use the warp gate, you're supposed to describe where you're going, identify yourself, and the purpose of your trip, but there were no checks on any of that. Neither Ellen nor I, nor our traveling companion, Harriet.

Passing through a series of massive warp gates, the guards froze at the sight of the imperial crest as only the warp gate to Kamsencha Island remained.

"You mean Kamsencha Island, old man, I'll get you straight to it!"

The guards were frozen in their tracks, as if this was the first time they'd ever seen someone with an imperial crest in a provincial city.

Just like that, we were on our way to Kamsencha Island in the Kamsencha Archipelago in almost no time at all.

However, upon arrival on Kamsencha Island, the hot air and humid weather brought back memories of last year's desert island mission.

The gate I'd just walked through was hot, but this place was literally the real deal.

"Am I the only one who feels a bit of regret as soon as I see ......?"

"......me too."

"......."

Naturally.

In a humid region, you're bound to sweat. Herriot rubbed his hands together as soon as he arrived.

Ellen looked at the nape of her neck with a puzzled expression, then at me.

"I'm going back."

Really this.

Better to die than to suffer.

"I never once thought you smelled like sweat. I wore it when I thought I should, and I never once thought I didn't like it."

"......?"

"......Sweaty? What do you mean?"

Ellen looked a little puzzled at my impatient, straight-talking response.

Herriot didn't seem to understand what I was talking about.

No.......

Even though I'm worried about his mental state.

That's a very perverted thing to say.

Ellen looked thoughtful, then shook her head.

"...... Do you like the smell of my sweat? Why?"

That smell can't be good, why is it good?

Do you even like me enough to smell my sweat?

I know you don't mean it that way, but when you look at me like that, it makes me think!

You've been with me all day, and you want to go to class with me? I feel like that!

"Please, let's stop making each other sound crazy."

"......Why are you crazy?"

"Uh, this is going to make me spin, stop."

"Yes."

"The smell of sweat......? Do you like that?"

Herriot said, sounding a little fed up.

"No, it's not like that!"

"Then what is it?"

As I tried to explain something to Harriet, Ellen grabbed my sleeve and shook her head vigorously from side to side.

I'll kill you if you say it.

"Let's go."

But we didn't know much about Kamsencha Island. For one thing, our desert island mission was on one of the many deserted islands scattered around the island, and we had no idea where they were.

Kamsencha Island, on the other hand, is obviously inhabited and is an imperial territory, so while it's not a large city, there are people and shops everywhere.

It was still early spring on the ecliptic and chilly, and we hadn't realized that by the time we left the temple we would be in the Kamsencha archipelago, over a thousand miles from the ecliptic.

So, there we were, in our casual clothes and coats, totally out of place in the tropics.

"Should I use magic?"

Herriot could have done something similar to what Elise did for us last time in Darklands with her Chilling Touch magic.

"Gee, you must have come from a cold place. You'll freeze to death if you go around dressed like that, buy some clothes."

Vendors on the street even stopped us and asked us to buy new clothes.

"Magic is nice, but let's buy clothes in the first place."

"Yes."

Since the sea was blowing and we were in a steamer in this humid weather, we naturally made our way to the clothing store.



* * *



Ellen wears a white airy dress, a round straw hat, and light sandals.

Herriot wore a very large t-shirt, short shorts, and flip-flops. Sort of a missing persons fashion, if that makes sense.

I wore flip-flops, shorts, and something like an aloha shirt.

I also just bought a swimsuit in case I wanted to go swimming.

"That's better."

"Sure."

"If you need magic, I can give it to you."

It's like I asked you to come over to my house to hang out, and now I feel like I'm traveling, but then again, everywhere the warp gate goes is my backyard anyway.

Dressed in a white dress and straw hat, Ellen's limbs were white and slender, giving her a dazzling appearance, as if she were reflecting light. Her hair was down now, which was a new sensation for Harriet.

The beach was just around the corner, and Ellen ate one of the coconuts sold on the street. It reminded her of home.





"......empty."

"Really? I thought it was delicious......."

Harriet took a sip of the coconut Ellen held out to her, and her face went pale.

"That's right....... Empty."

It was quite a sight to behold, the two of them chattering away over a single coconut. Ellen carried the coconut with her. She's not one to throw away food.

As I stood there staring at them. The two walking ahead of me looked back at me and said.

"What are you doing?"

"Come on in. You're getting sunburned."

"Uh, yeah."

You've changed your clothes for the weather. It was time to get down to business.

"I'm hungry."

"Me too."

I actually had reason to be hungry, since I hadn't eaten lunch during my morning training session. Herriot didn't seem to have eaten lunch either, and judging by the way they were both biting their lips and looking worried, it was clear that they wanted something to eat.

I wanted to go to the ocean.

Then I remembered the desert island group mission and came to the Kamsencha archipelago.

I'd have to say these are the only two things I'd want to eat right now.

"Do you want lobster?"

"Yes."

"That's right!"

Both strongly affirmed my opinion.





