Episode 396.





I had no idea Olivia wasn't at the Temple. She must have had a good reason for not telling me.

And Olivia had taken a leave of absence from school to go to the rear of the Demon War.

According to Saviolin Tana, Olivia has volunteered her resources to the investigation in Raziern, the capital of Levaina.

I wonder if they're trying to follow the demon's trail there, but even if they did, the only thing they'd find there would be the fact that it's not the demon's trail, it's the empire's own doing.

Why the hell is Olivia there?

You've lied before, saying that you've emptied your temple for a special mission. But this time, you actually have to empty your temple for a special mission or something.

Saviolin Tana sent me there because she thought it wasn't a dangerous area.

I thought about telling Ellen and Harriet that I had to leave the Temple for a special mission, but I didn't. I didn't think it was fair to explain it to them.

So, without further ado, we hit the ground running.



* * *



Just as a few warp gates from the Temple brought me to the Kamsenza Archipelago thousands of kilometers away, so a few warp gates brought me to Levaina, a small world in the southern part of the Empire where Duke Granz died.

It is currently home to the Special Investigations Unit. It will be under the jurisdiction of the Empire, not the Royal House of Levaina.

There was this ridiculous thing going on where the empire was investigating a self-inflicted wound by the empire. And to think that the head of this Special Investigations Unit might know that it was the Empire's own doing.

Olivia doesn't know that.

Olivia wondered why she was here.

The Levainese capital, Raziern, had the feel of a city, but it didn't seem all that bustling. Trying to find an ecliptic-like corner in the capital of a small country was frankly ridiculous.

After questioning the guards, I learned that the Special Investigations Unit occupies an entire government building outside the palace, not inside.

The security was very tight, with men sent directly from the Empire.

Of course, there was no such thing as a door that didn't open in front of the imperial coat of arms.

When I grabbed a passerby and told him I was looking for a woman named Olivia Ranze from the Temple, I was told to wait in the guest room and she would come.

I'm sure the Special Investigations Unit would find this a bit ridiculous.

You're trying to do an investigation, and you've got a graduate recruit from the Temple, and then you've got me with an imperial coat of arms.

Since you presented an imperial coat of arms when you walked in, your report should have gone up the chain of command.

"Are you Mr. Reinhardt?"

"Yes."

"I'm Scotra Kelton, head of the Special Investigations Unit, who has been assigned to oversee this case. It's an honor to meet you."

Scotra Kelton.

He was a middle-aged man.

Naturally, being a stranger, he asked me to shake his hand and bowed politely.

As soon as I took his hand, I felt it. It wasn't so much the force of his grip, but rather the intensity of the impression his hand made on me. The way the man with the imperial coat of arms asked me to shake his hand first, bowing but not bowing.

It's an honor to meet you.

I'm sure you know that I'm the new owner of Alsbringer. I looked at him and asked.

"Are you....... Shanapelle?"

"You're sharp, I'm here on a temporary assignment, but I'm actually the captain of the 3rd Shanapelle."

He nodded as he said that.

This made one thing clear.

Scotra Kelton, the head of the investigation, must have known it was a fabrication.

He said he didn't have time for a long talk, just said hello to me and went on his way.

I had a hunch that the Special Bones weren't for investigations, but when your headquarters is Captain Shanapelle's 3rd Battalion, you know what they say.

I wonder how long they waited.

-delay

"......Hmm?"

Olivia, dressed casually, made eye contact with me as she walked into the state room. Apparently, she'd been through a rough patch, and she was immaculately dressed.

"Reinhard? How did you get here?"

Naturally, Olivia's eyes widened in surprise and she stormed over to me.

"What the hell, how did you get here?"

"There....... Let's sit down and talk."

"Whoa!"

-Wrong!

Olivia suddenly pulled me into a rough hug.

"You're here because you want to see your sister!"

Dear Olivia.

I should explain.



* * *



To explain how I got here, I had to tell the story of my engagement. I had to talk about accomplishments, and I had to explain why I needed to accomplish them.

Olivia's mouth dropped open as I rambled on for a while, explaining that I had been ordered by Savior Tana to help Olivia with her work here.

"What, so you're not here to see me?"

Olivia glared at me with a frown.

No.......

The.

Didn't I say something more important than that?

Why are you angry at such a strange point, sister?

As I froze, Olivia sat down next to me, smiling bashfully, and immediately put her arm around me.

"Oh, no. Come on......."

"What, did I do this because I didn't have a kid with spit on it one day?"

I was left speechless by the bold, bullying attitude.

"An engagement isn't a marriage, you can change your mind, things can change, and it's not over until it's over, right?"

Olivia looks at me, squinting.

"What do you think? The guest room is....... Huh? You and me and....... are the only two?"

Sister.......

I'm not trying to be mean and angry, I like it, but I'm scared!

If anything, it's scarier!

And if you do, you're going to bash my head in and knock me out and run away!

"If it's an engagement, if it's a fling, if it's just a stamp, who cares?"

No.

It's not that he's not shocked, it's that he's shocked.

"Or if you do something to the prince and then you become emperor. He goes second and I go first. Huh?"

"Let's not say anything that might get us caught."

"Is that so?"

Olivia smirked and pulled away from me. I can't tell if she was being nonchalant or not. I guess it's a good thing I can't see it.

Olivia's attitude of not caring because nothing is certain yet seemed somehow plausible.

No.

You're not really thinking about killing Bertus and then I'm going to have some sort of reverse sexual revolution and become emperor and Charlotte is going to be relegated to the concubine position and you're going to be empress?

You've got to be kidding me, right?

If I'm actually a warrior and there is such a thing as a demon, I'm creeped out by the idea that it's not entirely impossible, assuming I kill the demon.



* * *



We had been waiting for Olivia for quite some time, so it was already nighttime.

A guest room at Special Branch Headquarters, near the Royal Palace of Raziern, the capital of Levaina. We were drinking tea while eating dinner brought to us by the Investigations Division.

Olivia is not an investigator, but she is a student from your Temple Royal class.

Technically, they're just volunteers from the university, but they're the ones the empire is working so hard to develop, you never know what might happen if you treat them badly.

And I'm like, well, it's like royalty.

So I froze everyone in their tracks and gave them the ultimate treat.

I'm the one who knows the truth, and I know this investigation is not going to work. Add to that the fact that the head of the investigation is a Shanapelle knight, and I've already said it.

All I've been told by Saviolin Tana is to work with Olivia on her tasks.

Where things will never work out right.

"Why are you here, anyway?"

This will never be a pleasant place for me. It's where I was framed, and it's where the reason for Riana's horrific transformation occurred.

Olivia smirked at my comment.

"I want to find a trail of demons."

"......What do you do when you find it?"

Olivia had already told me that it was the Devil who saved her and Adriana. Olivia had told me that deep down she thought the Devil and his demons might not be so evil after all.

"I just want to be sure."

The last two raids must have seemed somewhat reasonable to Olivia. This time, however, the raid on Raziern was a little more uncomfortable for Olivia, who knew the truth about the last two raids.

No way.

Is Olivia suspecting that this might not be the work of the Devil?

That's what it means to need convincing.

Olivia is torn between having to deal with the demon and the demon that saved her life.

And she said she would definitely be on my side. So that's probably why she's here.

To be convinced that the devil deserved to die, and to gain the strength of mind to fight for me.

You didn't just send Olivia here, you sent me.

Are they so sure we'll never notice that this site is rigged?

"So, did you figure it out?"

"I didn't figure it out, I just saw what was known."

Olivia clicked her tongue briefly, then kicked it.

Olivia walked over to something and spread something out on the table.

A map of Raziern and its environs.

"Well, for one thing, the reports say that a horde of demons was summoned by mass teleportation around Raziern and began its march. It seems to have included a number of orcs and goblins, as well as ogres and trolls. It doesn't seem to have done much damage to Raziern itself, but it was the outlying areas that mattered, and many of those who weren't protected by guards were killed or injured."

The real goal was to kill the revolutionaries, but it was disguised as a demon raid.

This is why there have been so many civilian casualties.

The Empire killed humans with their own hands. Nothing special about it. It's a conspiracy, but it happens all the time. I just feel sorry for the dead.

"Especially here."

Olivia pointed to a few buildings on the outskirts of Raziern.

"Most of the deaths were at the Merchant's Guild branch over here. There was a Merchant's Guild meeting over here, so investors were there. So a lot of the people who died in this raid were pretty influential, and that....... Among your friends......."

Olivia trailed off, and I nodded, knowing what she meant.

"Well, whatever."

From Olivia's point of view, she's trying to be careful what she says, because she doesn't want to be seen as gossiping about the death of her junior's parents.

"I saw it with my own eyes, the demons attacking the Crusaders."

Olivia was one of the few witnesses to the second attack, and even saw the demon actually manifest.

"The first one, the second one, and the raids have something in common."

"What is that?"

"Massive destruction magic was used."

The first time I exorcized a demon, Elyse used Flame of Fire to summon a firestorm, and the second time she summoned a firestorm followed by a lightning storm.

"But in my third raid, I summoned a large number of demons by mass teleportation, not by mass destruction magic. Of course, on the scale of magic, this one is bigger......."

Olivia narrows her brow.

"If casualties were the goal, we could have reduced about a fifth of Raziern to ashes with a firestorm instead of summoning demons. Why didn't we do that? It's a loss of ground, technically."

They were forced to use demons to attack when magic would have solved the problem. Olivia didn't seem to understand the situation.

First of all, Olivia was pretty sure that there was a very powerful wizard among the remnants of the demonic forces, and that's a fact, and it's not a fact that's particularly unique to Olivia, as anyone interested in demonic raids would know that.

There's only one reason most of the public isn't as suspicious of the demons' true intentions as Olivia is.

This is because people don't try to understand the object of their hatred.

Whatever the hated group does, they don't think on the same level as you, so if they do something, you conclude that it must be because they are evil or inferior, and you don't want to think about it anymore. Because hate is a convenient way to simplify thinking.

So the public's reaction to the strangeness of this demonic attack is to be horrified or disgusted, but not to wonder what the demons were really up to.

To make people fear demons. Few would understand and be convinced by that.

But Olivia has seen too much of the ugly side of humans, and having been rescued by demons herself, she is somewhat immune to such thinking.

"If I had to guess, I'd say this is the right answer."

Olivia pointed to a spot on the map, the Merchant Guild branch she had just pointed to.

"The demons were trying to raid this place in the first place."

"......The merchant guild meeting?"

"Right."

Olivia had gotten halfway to the truth, if not the whole truth.

"The demons attacked, and the defended Raziern escaped unscathed, but the outlying Merchant Guild branches, the powerful men who gathered there, were killed in an unprovoked attack? That's ridiculous."

Olivia crosses her arms and shakes her head.

"There were people here, including Duke Granz, Orgencia, who was known for her great gates, and Sangtriden, the vice president of the Magic Society. It wasn't just the escort that was strong, it was the people who were already strong."

The mere fact that people who wouldn't normally get together are in the same room is a testament to that.

"If such a powerful man was coming to Levaina, a small country in the south, not even in the ecliptic, why wouldn't he bring a bodyguard?"

Olivia shakes her head.

"This place was probably better defended than Raziern Castle at that moment, and it wasn't just because it was out of town that it was attacked, it was because the escort that would have been here would have been enough to set Raziern ablaze."

So the demons raided this place, not Raziern.

"So the level of demons that raided Raziern couldn't have gotten through here in the first place. The elite would have raided this way and fallen right out."

Olivia came to that conclusion.





