291.





A greatsword, a zweihander, is brought down upon me.

-Kagak!

I parried his blade with my sword, twisting it out of the way, then switched to a half-sword stance and slashed at his throat.

If you're a sloppy bastard, you've already allowed the nape of the neck here and that's it.

But he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick, and he's a dick.

I thrust the spilling sword back up at an angle, catching my blade in Zweihander's parry hook and pushing him away.

From the weight of the weapon itself, it's a fool's errand to push the sword further if you're being outmatched in a power struggle.

-Ka-ching!

I pull my sword out at an angle, closing the distance. Howlman quickly switches positions.

-Ka-ang! Kagak! Kaduk!

A few more rounds of back-and-forth ensued.

He keeps his distance and utilizes a long reach to keep you at bay. If it works, great, if it doesn't, no harm done.

There's no reason why he shouldn't take advantage of his overwhelming advantage. So he's just doing what he does best.

The longer reach always has first dibs, and the shorter reach is at a disadvantage having to dig in.

That's why it's so annoying to play against spear wielders when you're using a sword. I can't say I've ever physically beaten a spear wielder in a qualifier.

In this case, the opponent was not armed with a spear, but in the end the reach difference was significant.

And another one.

-Ka-ching!

Even the weight of his sword is vastly different from mine.

So the weight on the tip of the sword was going to be different.

It's an unwieldy weapon, but in the right hands, it's a blunt instrument. And this guy had the physicality to handle a zweihander.

"Why, you act like you're going to chew them up on paper, but when it comes to dealing with them, it doesn't work out?"

Richard Howleman sneers at me with a wicked grin.

To others, I had to look like I was being pushed, and I was.

"Don't you dare get all gravy-headed over a holy duel. Wipe your sweat off, asshole."

"......hhh."

Even though he was smiling, I could feel his nervousness.

No matter how physical you are, that's a lot of armor.

I'm sure he's been training a lot, but at the end of the day, close combat takes a lot of heart and energy.

This isn't just a workout.

As long as there is a prerequisite of fighting, there will be combat fatigue.

When I say he has the initiative, I mean he's going to keep using that initiative and keep taking the offensive stance.

I ended up just calmly walking away, accepting the no preemption situation due to the reach difference.

Be exhausted.

Show me a crack and I'll bite.

Because we're not all Ludwig, our stamina is not infinite.

He's nervous, I see an opening.

If you're at a disadvantage due to a disparity in armor, you have to take advantage of his penalties.

-Kang! Kaang! kang!

I calmly back away, occasionally circling to the side to deflect his attacks.

Be urgent.

More.

Be a little more impatient.

I step back as if to entice him to attack.

He holds his sword in a long stance, his right hand on the handle and his left gripping the ricasso, and stabs backwards.

It's a two-handed sword with a short grip, but a monstrous length to begin with. Even held like that, it has a much longer reach than my weapon.

Basically, a reverse thrust is a top-to-bottom slash rather than a forward thrust.

The wider the gap between the hands holding the sword, the easier it is to balance the weight and the stronger the blow.

If I'm going to parry that sword, it's going to have to be an upward thrust, and he's actually applying force in a half-sword fashion, and I'm going to have to parry that downward thrust in a half-sword fashion in the same way.

But his sword has a parry hook and mine does not.

Then, even if I win the power struggle, the parry hook on his sword will block my sword, but if I'm pushed, my sword will slip and my hand holding the parry hook will be sliced by his sword.

Differences in armament.

It makes some choices impossible and others possible.

A low, backward thrust with a long grip on the sword is difficult to push off or parry due to the balance of forces. If I clumsily clash with my sword, I will be pushed back.

His reverse stab.

That one, and the others, happen almost simultaneously.

From one to ten.

I learned some things in class, but it was Ellen who really opened my eyes.

Using a variety of weapons, Ellen taught us how to attack and defend with a number of different weapons.

In this situation, taking a stab that's more like a slash, and half-sworded to an opponent with that armor, is suicide.

It's a split second, and judgment comes from the body, not the head.

Embodied memory.

A spinal cord reflex, if you will.

After so much practice and training, I don't draw conclusions from thoughts. I've been hit so many times that I've gotten to the point where my body is pulling memories out of my brain.

Of all my things, this one is a labor of love.

It's safe to say that the memory of this body, which has been broken, rolled, beaten, knocked down, and beaten into submission, is the only thing I've gained from my sweat.

This is not a cheat.

The general knowledge gained from Ellen is that in a situation where there is such an armed disparity, such a forceful slap should be avoided, not pushed away.

Neither he nor I have spent time in the Huturu Temple, so there's no reason to dismiss the other before we've had a chance to get to know each other.

He doesn't think it's going to work either.

He clearly has his own calculations in his head. At the end of the day, it's a battle of numbers as much as it is a battle of bodies.

It will assume that I'm going to dodge the stab, make me dodge it, and then design another derivative attack from that situation.

If I dodged to the side, or if I dodged to the back, I would be designing a derivative attack, such as a stab or a slash with a split-second change of grip.

The moment that sword is drawn, he designs it, and I design it to cut through it.

The bottom line.

Under normal circumstances, the general rule of thumb is to avoid this situation.

But.

I make judgments I shouldn't.

The judgment that he thought I couldn't get out.

With that, scatter all of his designs.

I, raise my sword to strike.

In a situation where I have a weight, reach, and physicality advantage over my opponent, I make the worst possible move.

Under normal circumstances, this would be the worst case scenario.

I'm not typical.

I put all my power into a single blow.

A blow (一擊).

-Bam!

"!"

I am a superhero.

It's definitely in my power to do more than just generalize.

With a sudden burst of power, I knock his sword away from him, and then I plunge my half-sword into his open chest wound at the nape of his neck.

-Flash!

A bleary-eyed Richard Howleman was recalled by a recall artifact.

Critical Hit Success.

Set -1! Mr. Reinhardt takes it!

My victory.



* * *



Best of 