Episode 400





"What is this....... What is this......."

"So......."

Back in the guest room, we were both frozen.

The five major Shinto religions basically believe in a deity that exists. Of course, most people don't realize that these gods have two sides to them, and there are holy objects that symbolize their power.

After all, there are priests in the world who believe in a god who lends them power.

But there's no way that's possible with this bullshit warrior religion.

Rather, something akin to the religion of my home world had suddenly arisen.

Belief in something that does not exist.

Just as the hunt for demons was born out of fear, so too was the warrior religion born out of fear. Olivia looked incredulous.

"Lagan Artorius didn't die, he ascended and became a god, or something, how does that make sense?"

"If you want to believe that, you'll believe that, just like you'll accuse anyone who isn't a Satanist of being a Satanist no matter how you look at it."

Of course, none of this happened in the original.

But last year, signs of the Devil's return began to emerge, and people began to panic, wondering who would kill the Devil if there were no warriors.

That fear has morphed into a strange belief that Artorius will rise from the dead and destroy the demon.

"Is there such a thing as a denomination? Someone organized to spread it?"

"Well....... Rather, there are folk beliefs in different parts of the world, though most of them died out a long time ago....... Maybe that kind of folklore?"

When times are strange, cults thrive.

Instead of a revival of demonism, however, we have a warrior religion that believes in warriors. If it were a folk religion, it would have no core, and it would spread like wildfire as the fear of demons spread.

"Seriously....... I don't know what the hell is going on anymore."

Olivia doesn't believe that God doesn't exist because she's abandoned the five major religions. People are in a panic, some are trying to kill their neighbors, and others are spreading false hope by worshipping a god who is already dead.

Here's the thing.

"But isn't that martial religion....... Isn't it a heresy after all?"

A folk belief in the god Artorius, who became a godless man.

They believe in Lagan Artorius, who slayed the demon himself, not the Five Great Gods.

But not only does it not work, but that kind of faith is basically heresy. It's even worse when it's taken to mean that demons exist in the first place but shouldn't be believed in.

Olivia chews her lip at my words.

"Yes....... Of course it's heresy......."

Olivia looks out the window.

The chaos and panic of the crowd made it hard to see anything but the roof of the building, but the atmosphere was palpable.

"But....... Wouldn't denying the Godhead of Artorius now be....... Wouldn't that be dangerous for the Church of the Lord......?"

In the original story, Artorius' name is mentioned on the same level as a god.

But that was about humanity's absolute trust and adoration of Artorius, not that he was actually worshipped.

Under the special circumstances of the demon's return, a cult of warriors began to arise. With the crowds driven mad by the terror of the demon, people developed a bizarre belief that Ragan would rise from the dead and defeat the demon.

Who would put a knife to their throats for worshipping a heretic.

You don't believe in Artorius?

Don't you believe in a warrior who killed a demon?

Wouldn't it be nice if Artorius was resurrected?

Why do I think it shouldn't?

No, but why are you gritting your teeth and saying that Artorius can't be resurrected?

This asshole?

You deny through clenched teeth that the savior of mankind will rise again.

You don't want Artorius to be resurrected, do you?

Why do I hate that?

a.......

Right.

Right.

You're a traitor to humanity.

This kind of crazy reverse inquisition is actually possible.

Some people look for a scapegoat to ease their fears, while others start believing in a new absolute to ease their fears.

Lagan Artorius is not a god.

If you say something like that, can you get away with it without having your head blown off?



* * *



A new faith in warriors is spreading. At this point, we don't know if it's a core belief or if it's just a folklore that's spreading, but we suspect it's the latter.

"Even if believing in the second coming of Artorius is fiction, it's still a lot better than this pagan drivel."

"I suppose so."

I couldn't agree more with Olivia's statement. It's the difference between overcoming fear with anger and overcoming it with hope.

Spreading hope by believing in the resurrection of warriors isn't going to kill anyone, and the friction with the Five Great Houses that will arise from the spread of this religion could be even more costly, but that's not what's happening at this point.

Whatever the substance of the Lagan Artorius faith, the important thing is that it tries to instill in people a sense of not being afraid of the Devil.

Confusion subsides as people believe in the return of the warrior.

What matters.

In the end, it's not so much about the Artorian faith as it is about instilling faith that the demon will be defeated.

Why Saviolin Tana sent me here.

That would have meant stabilizing the chaotic situation in Leviathan.

And the method was, when you think about it, ridiculously simple.

"If I show people that I have an Alsbringer, this mess will go away, right?"

"That would be......?"

People wanted someone to fight the devil, so they hoped for the resurrection of the dead Lagan Artorius.

The key is not Artorius, but someone who will defeat the devil.

Fear of the devil is neutralized by instilling hope that the devil will be defeated.

A holy relic of the War God that belonged to Ragan Artorius after he defeated the Champion.

The people will be reassured by simply recognizing the existence of a nation chosen by Alsbringer and its holy object. A warrior has risen to defeat the demon.

In the chaos of a fake demon attack, Levaina was the perfect place for a second warrior to emerge.



* * *



I have decided to announce to the world that I am the master of Alsbringer. The Imperials don't want me to be dangerous, but they do want me to be famous.

The turbulent Levainian capital of Raziern was a fitting place to announce the arrival of a new master of Alsbringer. The panicked inhabitants begin to hunt down the pagans, and their belief in the resurrection of Artorius begins to bubble to the surface.

So I'm going to show them Alsbringer, and I'm going to tell them I'm going to defeat the devil, and they're going to go home and wipe their feet and get some sleep, and the chaos will be over, and I'll be famous.

Nothing dangerous, just a few swings of the sword and you're done. So Raziern was a very appropriate place to make my debut.

"Are you sure that's okay? It's very....... dangerous."

Olivia seemed concerned about me.

The Alsbringer would be anathema to the current demon, and if it were to target me, I would be in danger.

"You'll be fine."

I can't explain why that's okay, but Olivia must have read something in my stony expression, because she nodded with a determined look.

"Yeah, well, it's your decision, and there's nothing I can do about it."

With that, Olivia put her hands on both my shoulders.

"You, I will protect."

We never got to the bottom of the demon attack, but my arrival seems to have shifted Olivia's focus. I don't know if Saviolin Tana or the Imperium had this in mind, but for now, Olivia seems to be more concerned with protecting me once it's public knowledge that I'm the master of Alsbringer than investigating the truth.

I'm doing this because I'm important, after all.

Thank you for that.

"......Thanks."

Also, I had to apologize.

"Kisses then!"

-side!

"Oh, I told you not to do that!"

Not yet, but I'm pregnant, so don't do this!



* * *



Olivia and I stepped out onto the streets of Raziern. It was already nighttime.

The streets were chaotic.

While some were talking about the resurrection of the warrior, others were roaming the streets with torches as if they were vigilantes.

Even if you're not trying to find out if they're a cultist, you're too anxious to stay still.

Unless you inject them with a neuroleptic named Warrior, they're going to have sleepless nights and be suspicious of their neighbors.

We don't know if Alsbringer's new owners will bring them back to a restful night's sleep, but we do know that things will be better than they are now.

A demon wields Alsbringer in front of a crowd hoping for someone to die for them instead, proclaiming that I will protect you.

It would have been ridiculous to imagine.

A warrior is a clown, after all. It's kind of noble in that it gives hope instead of laughter, but I'm not a real warrior, so I'm still a clown.

"Let's go to the square."

"Yes."

"Give me a mask, or something like that."

"Blink?"

"Yes......."

I was too embarrassed to elaborate, but Olivia smiled broadly as if she understood.

If I'm going to be a clown, I might as well do it right. I don't have that ability, but Olivia should be able to give you the visual effect of a glow emanating from me.

A warrior (possibly a demon) who appears to save the crowd from being consumed by light.

I'm giddy just thinking about it.

It's best to show up in the most populated areas, so Olivia and I headed to the main square of Raziern, where the warp gate is located.

The closer we got to the square, the worse both Olivia and I looked.

"That's an increase......."

True to Olivia's word, there were more poles in the square, and more dead people hanging from them.

I don't know where the crazed crowd finds their scapegoats, but it seemed like there were still more people to kill.

In the roaring crowd, guards and men in priestly garb were chattering eagerly about whether they were about to hang someone in the street.

Knowing that the dying are not infidels, they are willing to kill the innocent to anesthetize the crowd.

"A person....... I'm so scared......."

Olivia's complexion was turning blue. She wondered if it was worth the risk to save such ignorant people. Olivia wondered if she was thinking about that.

It's to prevent senseless deaths, but more importantly, it's for Charlotte's sake.

As we got closer and closer to the square, the angry crowd became more visible.

It was little more than noise, with people screaming at the top of their lungs at the sight of the hanging bodies, praying, and shouting at the top of their lungs to believe in Artorius.

"Reinhardt......."

I know what Olivia is thinking, and she grabs my arm as if it's the last time.

The moment it is revealed that I am the master of Alsbringer, something irreversible begins.

I don't know what the title of Demon King in Hero's Mask will bring me, or what it will make me responsible for.

My eyes locked with Olivia, who looked at me pleadingly, as if this was her last chance.

Then, just as I was about to make my final decision.

Behind Olivia, a body, hanging by the neck from a waiting pole, suddenly appeared.

-Woof!

I moved my arm.

-Bam!

The corpse, which should have been dead, moved its limp right arm and grabbed the rope around its own neck.

-Poof!

-Puck!

I cut the rope, and I could see it fall to the ground.

-Ahhhhhhh!

-The corpse is movingaaaaaah!

"What?"

-Woof, woof, woof, woof!

Olivia followed my gaze and turned her head, watching as the dead body on the floor, twisted at a bizarre angle, rose to its feet.

That wasn't all.

-Delicious! Tut-tut!

One by one, the hanging bodies moved, dead or alive, and Olivia and I, as well as the angry crowd, could only watch.

"This, this....... This is....... what......?"

Olivia watched as the corpse staggered to its feet, its complexion white and its neck grotesquely stretched.

The dead body staggered to its feet, tongue hanging out.

-캬아아아아아아악!

It let out a cursed scream that seemed to echo from the bottom of the abyss.



* * *



The public square quickly turned into chaos.

-Devil's curse!

The crowd screamed in confusion, and those who were close enough to hear the screams of the reanimated corpse were either stunned or fainted on the spot.

-Woof, woof, woof!

Then, the reanimated corpses screamed and bit people. They were biting people with enhanced physical abilities than they had before they died.

Is the maddening crowd paying the price of their insanity.

Or, were the dead people really Satanists?

The reasons and causes are unknown.

-캬아아아아악!

It was clear that the reanimated corpses would not be stopped by ordinary people, not only slaughtering people, but also biting the guards to death. The priests, who had been conducting futile inquisitions, were also unable to cope with the suddenness of the situation.

-quack!

There was even a priest who had his throat bitten out by the corpse he had just hanged.

There's no time to waste.

I summoned Alsbringer and ran into the middle of the carnage, and so did Olivia.

"Watch out, Reinhardt!"

"Yes"

Considering the number of reanimated corpses, fighting together is even more damaging.

Enchantment.

And self-implication.

Run as physically strong as possible.

Just now, it has bitten someone's throat and is swinging its Alsbringer at the corpse looking for its next victim.

-skuck!

I succeeded in decapitating the corpse.

-Woof!

However, the decapitated corpse floundered and tried to grab my arm.

It moves when you blow its neck.

The special case of reviving a corpse.

This is most likely the result of an unholy force.

If so, you should use Tiamata, not Alsbringer.

-Snarl!

I sent the Alsbringer back, drew my Tiamata, and stabbed it into the flailing corpse's chest.

-Poof!

-Gurgle! grunt!

A sickening gurgle of blood rose from the neckless reanimated corpse's throat, but only for a moment.

-Hurrah!

I could see the white flames rising from Tiamata, consuming the body, burning it as if it were on fire.

The body isn't burning, but Tiamata is burning something.

As if to burn away the unclean energy with a torch.

This is the first time I've actually used it in an undead fight, but it was absolutely effective.

-Hair

The motionless body collapsed helplessly.

-Thump! Perguck!

Olivia was engulfed in a white glow, punching and kicking her way through the munching corpses one by one.

Don't worry about that one.

-Oh, oh.......

-Divine Light is.......

People were muttering in a daze when they saw our presence in all this sudden chaos and carnage.

"Holy shit, where's the time, get out of here!"

After yelling at the stupid crowd, I moved on to my next target.

-Kyaaaaah!

As if in response to the Tiamata, the bodies mowing down people indiscriminately looked at me and screamed.

We don't know if it's some kind of magic or if it's the work of a real satanist.

They're corpses with combat capabilities no mere mortal can match. And I know this from my last encounter with zombies.

The real problem with them isn't their combat prowess, it's their underlying fear. The sight of a corpse lunging at you with its abnormally elongated neck and outstretched tongue is enough to paralyze your reason and make your legs go weak.

That's why even the armed guards are fleeing in a panic.

The true power of the undead comes not from brute force, but from the fear and revulsion that comes from their horrific appearance.

"Let's go back to the body."

But I've been there, done that.





