Episode 399.





Some people were accused of witchcraft.

The crowd was furious, and the guards stood in the way of the angry crowd, telling them not to impose private sanctions.

What happened in the three hours we were gone. They had all been executed.

It's not a small town, it's not even a small country, it's the capital of a country, and it's in a public square with a warp gate.

Those who had been accused of being satanists were dead, and the angry mob was screaming for their bodies to be burned.

We don't know if the Inquisitor arrived, branded them as heretics and executed them, or if the guards stepped in and hanged them.

However, this execution happened so quickly that it's unlikely it was done properly.

"It's crazy....... People are all......."

I knew something terrible would happen, but I didn't think it would go so far as to kill a man without a proper trial, so Olivia seemed to feel horror beyond disgust and contempt.

Fear is similar to anger.

Fear of the devil, then, becomes anger at one's neighbors and a search for scapegoats.

Olivia turned away from the gruesome execution and the angry crowd as she walked toward the investigation center.

"What the hell is the Royal House of Leviathan or the Order of the Giver doing?"

"......."

I couldn't say anything.

"No way, are you doing this on purpose?"

The royal family and the church did not do nothing. On the contrary, they may have enforced the situation.

You might say that they're just regular folks, not Satanists. The crowd might believe it, or they might not.

But if the scapegoat is not executed, the rage and fear will not subside. Indeed, whether or not they're actually Satanists, the anger is only temporarily quelled by their death.

The scapegoat was executed unusually quickly to give the crowd a sense that something had been resolved.

If an angry crowd becomes a mob, there will be great chaos. Releasing people who people suspect of being Satanists would in itself further inflame the crowd's anger.

Innocent people were killed to control the situation.

Olivia read between the lines.

Getting to the bottom of it is not the point.

Already, it was clear that this aimless violence of the panicked crowds in the aftermath of the demon attack would play a role in Olivia's hatred of humans.



* * *



"Are you going to leave this alone?"

Back at the Special Investigations Unit, Olivia asked Scotra Kelton, the head of the unit.

The middle-aged knight with the calm expression seemed to understand what Olivia was talking about.

"Ms. Olivia, I'm sure you know what you're talking about."

"I know this could be interference in internal affairs, and I know the Bureau doesn't have that kind of authority, but....... This is......."

No matter how disillusioned Olivia is with humans, she hasn't become someone who agrees to kill them indiscriminately.

"I realize that if left unchecked, this situation could turn into a massive riot, an indiscriminate hunt for infidels, but we're here to investigate the events of the demon raids, not to influence the internal affairs of the Kingdom of Levaina. We can't do anything else."

Olivia is not stupid. Of course she knows what Kelton is talking about.

But it's frustrating to see the insanity of heresy trials and hanging people in front of our eyes, and to know that this trend could continue for a while, or even turn into a riot, and not do anything about it.

However, special editions need to be operated within reason, and what's happening in Lazerne right now is clearly off-base.

So Olivia knows she's pushing Scotra Kelton's buttons.

But we can't leave this situation alone.

Olivia has enough humanity left in her to think like that.

"Of course, a few words of concern about the situation, even from someone like Levaina without special privileges, could have a significant impact."

Third in command of Shanapelle. That's already a good position for a king of a small country. Even now, he takes orders from the Empire and is in charge of field command. It's a bit of an interference in his internal affairs, but he doesn't mind.

"But the very act of me doing that would constitute interference in the internal affairs of an already sovereign state, so it wouldn't be Levaina that matters."

"The other empires....... other empires?"

"Yes."

You can interfere in the internal affairs of a Levaina. However, it can be very uncomfortable for other empires to know that you have interfered in their internal affairs. Even if it's a small country's sovereignty, it's still a violation of the sovereignty of an empire.

While all countries are part of an empire, an empire is ultimately a federation of many countries. Some empires are self-governing, such as the Ecliptic, but their vassal states have their own laws and sovereignty.

Worse, in this case, the Imperial investigators who have come to investigate the case are acting outside of their purpose, interfering in internal affairs.

Scotra Kelton's position was that there was too much at stake to take a stand, no matter how bad it was, and Olivia and I both understood that.

"Also, I don't think it's such a bad idea either. Throwing the truth at an angry crowd will only make them more angry. Sure, a few innocent people will die, but it'll blow over."

Scotra Kelton reads the report and makes a mark somewhere, rolling her pen as she goes.

He's right.

Letting scapegoaters know that they are innocent will only make them find another scapegoat or make them more angry. Anger needs to be resolved, even if the cause is wrong.

You can riot and face chaos, or you can find a scapegoat, kill a few, and settle down.

The Royal House of Levaina and the Cult have chosen a different path. Olivia stared at Scotra Kelton, who rolled her nib absentmindedly.

Rather than resenting his cold conclusion, Olivia seemed frustrated that she couldn't find an answer herself.

"Of course, I'm not authorized, but there is one person who is authorized to interfere in my internal affairs......."

He looks at me sheepishly.

"Mr. Reinhardt."

"It's ......."

"If you claim to be here as an agent of the imperial family, perhaps you could discuss the appropriate course of action with the House of Levaina."

"......I thought you said it was internal affairs interference?"

"That's assuming you're willing to take it. I have no intention of doing so, but Mr. Reinhardt may feel differently. He is not under my command, is he?"

You're a knight, but I'm semi-imperial with an imperial crest.

If the head of the Investigations Division talks to the royal family of Levaina, that's not part of the investigation, but if an imperial agent contacts the royal family and talks to them, that's part of the investigation. Of course, that's interference in internal affairs, but it's perfectly acceptable to talk to the royal family of Levaina.

However, in that case, not only will I be responsible for anything that happens because I ran my mouth, but so will the Imperial Family.

The Imperial Coat of Arms is more than just priority access to the warp gate.

It made sense to me why this would never be given away to anyone.

Why did Tana send me here.

I'm starting to get the picture.

If I could stabilize the chaotic situation in Leviathan, I would do so.

It wasn't life-threatening, but it would be an accomplishment if he succeeded.

It doesn't have to be a solution. Maybe it's to see how I react in the face of a big problem, not a small one.

But how?

No.

By the way, Empire, these assholes are pissing me off.

If you think about it, you're creating terrorism in a small southern country, and then when it comes to the aftermath, you're like, "I don't know," right?

Isn't that a situation where you're accusing the devil, and then you're asking me, the devil, to clean up that shit?



* * *



The Levainese capital, Raziern, was currently experiencing the aftermath of a demon raid: people were being driven mad by fear of demons.

The result is a method of extermination. Of course, it's mostly innocent people who have nothing to do with the cult who are actually hunted down and killed.

Knowing that they were innocent, the royal family and the Church seemed intent on sacrificing them to quell the outrage.

The devil was never in this place in the first place.

After all, it's only because Leviathan is a small country in the south that the Empire has sent revolutionary forces to kill it. Moreover, the Investigative Division is only thinking of covering up the incident, and the aftermath of the incident is unknown to me, as it could be considered interference in internal affairs.

It's an age-old truth that the horrors of the ruling class are unfathomable, but it's even more eerie now that it's so tangible.

The empire that created this situation and is sitting on its hands is terrible.

I'm horrified by the Levaina royal family and the Order of the Five Great Givers, who hang innocent victims to stabilize the situation.

It's also terrible to see a crowd that turns fear into anger and looks for a scapegoat, even when they know it's not going to happen.

"Hell wasn't anywhere else."

Guest room.

Olivia stood by the window, muttering grimly to herself as she listened to the distant shouts of the crowd.

In the days of the Demon Realm, fights were fought in specific areas of the Demon Realm, so the fights, battles, blood, and slaughter only happened there.

But now that the demonic world is gone, demons can infiltrate the human world, appearing and disappearing out of nowhere.

So people were being driven mad by the fear of an insubstantial enemy, the fear that they might be living and breathing near them.

So when they couldn't find an enemy in the form of a demon, they looked within for an enemy in the form of a human, and that was the Demon God. But even the demons were not here, so they could only suspect each other and hate each other.

"What are you going to do, Reinhard?"

At the moment, I'm the only one who makes less noise and has access to the royal family of Levaina. I could report this to the imperial court, but the general manager, a knight of Shanapelle, said I should just leave it alone.

Whether it's Charlotte, the Emperor, or Bertus, if they hear about this, they're going to tell you to leave them alone.

What am I different?

If you tell the scapegoaters that this person is not a Satanist, they won't believe you, and even if they do, they'll find other ways to vent their anger.

I suppose there's the option of banning private infidelity and imposing martial law to control the population.

But if an angry crowd starts a riot, that's an even bigger disaster. The riot could overthrow the royal family, and if you have to beat the crowd to quell the riot, that's a disaster, too.

It's a shame.

Scotra Kelton was right when she said that the least bloodshed is when innocent people are dying and things are quiet.

"Unless there's a real Satanist and they get caught or something, or the devil dies....... I don't know how to solve this without seeing blood."

I'm not exactly a genius, and politics is not my strong suit.

If I were to meet with King Levaina and do something presumptuous, what would I say? There's no way I'd have a pointed number.

Olivia stood at the window, staring down at the street.

She had grown to hate humans, but she couldn't sit back and watch innocent people die; she couldn't help but wonder if that nature would eventually go away somewhere.

"This is what happens when people are eaten by despair......."

It's not like I'm sure it's going to come back, and it didn't really do that much damage.

But the fear is not real, and it spreads among people.

The fear of the devil's name is circulated and reproduced among people, inflating it to insubstantial size.

It is, after all, a belief, just not called by that name. It's like when people who don't know about God say what God is like, and it becomes a common concept.

A belief in the name of the Devil is created among the people.

None of what they say looks like me, but people add flesh to the nebulous entity that is the devil, molding it into a shape of terror.

A new faith called the Devil, whose beliefs inspire nothing but fear and despair.

-Hunt down the Satanists!

It's probably all over the continent right now.

Raziern is overkill, but with demons nowhere to be found across the continent, people will turn to their human-formed enemies, the Demonists.

This is just the beginning.

A massive manhunt will be launched to identify and hunt down the cultists.

-Believe in Artorius!

-The hero will rise and defeat the devil!

And then, out of the blue.

Olivia looked from the window to my direction and cocked her head.

"......?"

"......?"

What did I just hear?

-The warrior Artorius will protect us!

"Are you sure I didn't hear you wrong, I thought you said Artorius?"

"Yeah....... That....... like that?"

No.

What kind of bullshit is this?



* * *



I thought I could understand people yelling at me about banishing Satanism, but Olivia and I heard something even more outlandish.

Trust Artorius?

Olivia and I immediately ran out into the street and grabbed the person screaming at us.

"Excuse me."

"Artorius will save us......!"

It was an elderly man who was shouting such bizarre things.

"What's going on?"

"What are you talking about? Trust Artorius?"

"You, too, can be saved by believing in the Champion......, and you need not fear the devil at all!"

He exclaimed, his face full of faith and belief. Olivia was puzzled, and so was I.

"No, Artorius is not that....... demon and....... died, didn't he?"

He shook his head at my stammering.

"Oh, you young man, you don't know what you're talking about! Arcturus is not dead, he's ascended! He's done great things like defeating demons and becoming a god ......! Yes, he's become a god, and now that the demons are back, it's only fitting that Arcturus should return to finish the job he started!"

No.

"You, too, believe in the Champion and wait for the salvation to come......!"

What the hell is this?

The old man turned away from us, frozen, and began to chant.

-Believe in Artorius!

-The time of salvation is at hand!

-Do not be afraid, for the warrior is coming!

Staring at the old man's back as he walked away, Olivia and I made eye contact.

"What is martial arts?"

"How do I know that......."

Things like demon hunting and stuff like that were still in the realm of possibility.

The emergence of an emerging religion that worships Lagan Artorius was so unexpected that it left us frozen in place.





400





"What is this....... What is this......."

"So......."

Back in the guest room, we were both frozen.

The five major Shinto religions basically believe in a deity that exists. Of course, most people don't realize that these gods have two sides to them, and there are holy objects that symbolize their power.

After all, there are priests in the world who believe in a god who lends them power.

But there's no way that's possible with this bullshit warrior religion.

Rather, something akin to the religion of my home world had suddenly arisen.

Belief in something that does not exist.

Just as the hunt for demons was born out of fear, so too was the warrior religion born out of fear. Olivia looked incredulous.

"Lagan Artorius didn't die, he ascended and became a god, or something, how does that make sense?"

"If you want to believe that, you'll believe that, just like you'll accuse anyone who isn't a Satanist of being a Satanist no matter how you look at it."

Of course, none of this happened in the original.

But last year, signs of the Devil's return began to emerge, and people began to panic, wondering who would kill the Devil if there were no warriors.

That fear has morphed into a strange belief that Artorius will rise from the dead and destroy the demon.

"Is there such a thing as a denomination? Someone organized to spread it?"

"Well....... Rather, there are folk beliefs in different parts of the world, though most of them died out a long time ago....... Maybe that kind of folklore?"

When times are strange, cults thrive.

Instead of a revival of demonism, however, we have a warrior religion that believes in warriors. If it were a folk religion, it would have no core, and it would spread like wildfire as the fear of demons spread.

"Seriously....... I don't know what the hell is going on anymore."

Olivia doesn't believe that God doesn't exist because she's abandoned the five major religions. People are in a panic, some are trying to kill their neighbors, and others are spreading false hope by worshipping a god who is already dead.

Here's the thing.

"But isn't that martial religion....... Isn't it a heresy after all?"

A folk belief in the god Artorius, who became a godless man.

They believe in Lagan Artorius, who slayed the demon himself, not the Five Great Gods.

But not only does it not work, but that kind of faith is basically heresy. It's even worse when it's taken to mean that demons exist in the first place but shouldn't be believed in.

Olivia chews her lip at my words.

"Yes....... Of course it's heresy......."

Olivia looks out the window.

The chaos and panic of the crowd made it hard to see anything but the roof of the building, but the atmosphere was palpable.

"But....... Wouldn't denying the Godhead of Artorius now be....... Wouldn't that be dangerous for the Church of the Lord......?"

In the original story, Artorius' name is mentioned on the same level as a god.

But that was about humanity's absolute trust and adoration of Artorius, not that he was actually worshipped.

Under the special circumstances of the demon's return, a cult of warriors began to arise. With the crowds driven mad by the terror of the demon, people developed a bizarre belief that Ragan would rise from the dead and defeat the demon.

Who would put a knife to their throats for worshipping a heretic.

You don't believe in Artorius?

Don't you believe in a warrior who killed a demon?

Wouldn't it be nice if Artorius was resurrected?

Why do I think it shouldn't?

No, but why are you gritting your teeth and saying that Artorius can't be resurrected?

This asshole?

You deny through clenched teeth that the savior of mankind will rise again.

You don't want Artorius to be resurrected, do you?

Why do I hate that?

a.......

Right.

Right.

You're a traitor to humanity.

This kind of crazy reverse inquisition is actually possible.

Some people look for a scapegoat to ease their fears, while others start believing in a new absolute to ease their fears.

Lagan Artorius is not a god.

If you say something like that, can you get away with it without having your head blown off?



* * *



A new faith in warriors is spreading. At this point, we don't know if it's a core belief or if it's just a folklore that's spreading, but we suspect it's the latter.

"Even if believing in the second coming of Artorius is fiction, it's still a lot better than this pagan drivel."

"I suppose so."

I couldn't agree more with Olivia's statement. It's the difference between overcoming fear with anger and overcoming it with hope.

Spreading hope by believing in the resurrection of warriors isn't going to kill anyone, and the friction with the Five Great Houses that will arise from the spread of this religion could be even more costly, but that's not what's happening at this point.

Whatever the substance of the Lagan Artorius faith, the important thing is that it tries to instill in people a sense of not being afraid of the Devil.

Confusion subsides as people believe in the return of the warrior.

What matters.

In the end, it's not so much about the Artorian faith as it is about instilling faith that the demon will be defeated.

Why Saviolin Tana sent me here.

That would have meant stabilizing the chaotic situation in Leviathan.

And the method was, when you think about it, ridiculously simple.

"If I show people that I have an Alsbringer, this mess will go away, right?"

"That would be......?"

People wanted someone to fight the devil, so they hoped for the resurrection of the dead Lagan Artorius.

The key is not Artorius, but someone who will defeat the devil.

Fear of the devil is neutralized by instilling hope that the devil will be defeated.

A holy relic of the War God that belonged to Ragan Artorius after he defeated the Champion.

The people will be reassured by simply recognizing the existence of a nation chosen by Alsbringer and its holy object. A warrior has risen to defeat the demon.

In the chaos of a fake demon attack, Levaina was the perfect place for a second warrior to emerge.



* * *



I have decided to announce to the world that I am the master of Alsbringer. The Imperials don't want me to be dangerous, but they do want me to be famous.

The turbulent Levainian capital of Raziern was a fitting place to announce the arrival of a new master of Alsbringer. The panicked inhabitants begin to hunt down the pagans, and their belief in the resurrection of Artorius begins to bubble to the surface.

So I'm going to show them Alsbringer, and I'm going to tell them I'm going to defeat the devil, and they're going to go home and wipe their feet and get some sleep, and the chaos will be over, and I'll be famous.

Nothing dangerous, just a few swings of the sword and you're done. So Raziern was a very appropriate place to make my debut.

"Are you sure that's okay? It's very....... dangerous."

Olivia seemed concerned about me.

The Alsbringer would be anathema to the current demon, and if it were to target me, I would be in danger.

"You'll be fine."

I can't explain why that's okay, but Olivia must have read something in my stony expression, because she nodded with a determined look.

"Yeah, well, it's your decision, and there's nothing I can do about it."

With that, Olivia put her hands on both my shoulders.

"You, I will protect."

We never got to the bottom of the demon attack, but my arrival seems to have shifted Olivia's focus. I don't know if Saviolin Tana or the Imperium had this in mind, but for now, Olivia seems to be more concerned with protecting me once it's public knowledge that I'm the master of Alsbringer than investigating the truth.

I'm doing this because I'm important, after all.

Thank you for that.

"......Thanks."

Also, I had to apologize.

"Kisses then!"

-side!

"Oh, I told you not to do that!"

Not yet, but I'm pregnant, so don't do this!



* * *



Olivia and I stepped out onto the streets of Raziern. It was already nighttime.

The streets were chaotic.

While some were talking about the resurrection of the warrior, others were roaming the streets with torches as if they were vigilantes.

Even if you're not trying to find out if they're a cultist, you're too anxious to stay still.

Unless you inject them with a neuroleptic named Warrior, they're going to have sleepless nights and be suspicious of their neighbors.

We don't know if Alsbringer's new owners will bring them back to a restful night's sleep, but we do know that things will be better than they are now.

A demon wields Alsbringer in front of a crowd hoping for someone to die for them instead, proclaiming that I will protect you.

It would have been ridiculous to imagine.

A warrior is a clown, after all. It's kind of noble in that it gives hope instead of laughter, but I'm not a real warrior, so I'm still a clown.

"Let's go to the square."

"Yes."

"Give me a mask, or something like that."

"Blink?"

"Yes......."

I was too embarrassed to elaborate, but Olivia smiled broadly as if she understood.

If I'm going to be a clown, I might as well do it right. I don't have that ability, but Olivia should be able to give you the visual effect of a glow emanating from me.

A warrior (possibly a demon) who appears to save the crowd from being consumed by light.

I'm giddy just thinking about it.

It's best to show up in the most populated areas, so Olivia and I headed to the main square of Raziern, where the warp gate is located.

The closer we got to the square, the worse both Olivia and I looked.

"That's an increase......."

True to Olivia's word, there were more poles in the square, and more dead people hanging from them.

I don't know where the crazed crowd finds their scapegoats, but it seemed like there were still more people to kill.

In the roaring crowd, guards and men in priestly garb were chattering eagerly about whether they were about to hang someone in the street.

Knowing that the dying are not infidels, they are willing to kill the innocent to anesthetize the crowd.

"A person....... I'm so scared......."

Olivia's complexion was turning blue. She wondered if it was worth the risk to save such ignorant people. Olivia wondered if she was thinking about that.

It's to prevent senseless deaths, but more importantly, it's for Charlotte's sake.

As we got closer and closer to the square, the angry crowd became more visible.

It was little more than noise, with people screaming at the top of their lungs at the sight of the hanging bodies, praying, and shouting at the top of their lungs to believe in Artorius.

"Reinhardt......."

I know what Olivia is thinking, and she grabs my arm as if it's the last time.

The moment it is revealed that I am the master of Alsbringer, something irreversible begins.

I don't know what the title of Demon King in Hero's Mask will bring me, or what it will make me responsible for.

My eyes locked with Olivia, who looked at me pleadingly, as if this was her last chance.

Then, just as I was about to make my final decision.

Behind Olivia, a body, hanging by the neck from a waiting pole, suddenly appeared.

-Woof!

I moved my arm.

-Bam!

The corpse, which should have been dead, moved its limp right arm and grabbed the rope around its own neck.

-Poof!

-Puck!

I cut the rope, and I could see it fall to the ground.

-Ahhhhhhh!

-The corpse is movingaaaaaah!

"What?"

-Woof, woof, woof, woof!

Olivia followed my gaze and turned her head, watching as the dead body on the floor, twisted at a bizarre angle, rose to its feet.

That wasn't all.

-Delicious! Tut-tut!

One by one, the hanging bodies moved, dead or alive, and Olivia and I, as well as the angry crowd, could only watch.

"This, this....... This is....... what......?"

Olivia watched as the corpse staggered to its feet, its complexion white and its neck grotesquely stretched.

The dead body staggered to its feet, tongue hanging out.

-캬아아아아아아악!

It let out a cursed scream that seemed to echo from the bottom of the abyss.



* * *



The public square quickly turned into chaos.

-Devil's curse!

The crowd screamed in confusion, and those who were close enough to hear the screams of the reanimated corpse were either stunned or fainted on the spot.

-Woof, woof, woof!

Then, the reanimated corpses screamed and bit people. They were biting people with enhanced physical abilities than they had before they died.

Is the maddening crowd paying the price of their insanity.

Or, were the dead people really Satanists?

The reasons and causes are unknown.

-캬아아아아악!

It was clear that the reanimated corpses would not be stopped by ordinary people, not only slaughtering people, but also biting the guards to death. The priests, who had been conducting futile inquisitions, were also unable to cope with the suddenness of the situation.

-quack!

There was even a priest who had his throat bitten out by the corpse he had just hanged.

There's no time to waste.

I summoned Alsbringer and ran into the middle of the carnage, and so did Olivia.

"Watch out, Reinhardt!"

"Yes"

Considering the number of reanimated corpses, fighting together is even more damaging.

Enchantment.

And self-implication.

Run as physically strong as possible.

Just now, it has bitten someone's throat and is swinging its Alsbringer at the corpse looking for its next victim.

-skuck!

I succeeded in decapitating the corpse.

-Woof!

However, the decapitated corpse floundered and tried to grab my arm.

It moves when you blow its neck.

The special case of reviving a corpse.

This is most likely the result of an unholy force.

If so, you should use Tiamata, not Alsbringer.

-Snarl!

I sent the Alsbringer back, drew my Tiamata, and stabbed it into the flailing corpse's chest.

-Poof!

-Gurgle! grunt!

A sickening gurgle of blood rose from the neckless reanimated corpse's throat, but only for a moment.

-Hurrah!

I could see the white flames rising from Tiamata, consuming the body, burning it as if it were on fire.

The body isn't burning, but Tiamata is burning something.

As if to burn away the unclean energy with a torch.

This is the first time I've actually used it in an undead fight, but it was absolutely effective.

-Hair

The motionless body collapsed helplessly.

-Thump! Perguck!

Olivia was engulfed in a white glow, punching and kicking her way through the munching corpses one by one.

Don't worry about that one.

-Oh, oh.......

-Divine Light is.......

People were muttering in a daze when they saw our presence in all this sudden chaos and carnage.

"Holy shit, where's the time, get out of here!"

After yelling at the stupid crowd, I moved on to my next target.

-Kyaaaaah!

As if in response to the Tiamata, the bodies mowing down people indiscriminately looked at me and screamed.

We don't know if it's some kind of magic or if it's the work of a real satanist.

They're corpses with combat capabilities no mere mortal can match. And I know this from my last encounter with zombies.

The real problem with them isn't their combat prowess, it's their underlying fear. The sight of a corpse lunging at you with its abnormally elongated neck and outstretched tongue is enough to paralyze your reason and make your legs go weak.

That's why even the armed guards are fleeing in a panic.

The true power of the undead comes not from brute force, but from the fear and revulsion that comes from their horrific appearance.

"Let's go back to the body."

But I've been there, done that.





第401页





"Whoa......."

The reanimated corpses totaled twelve.

Their physical abilities had become so powerful that they were no match for regular soldiers, but they were no match for me and Olivia.

I know there are countless people who are stronger than me, but I'm still a superhuman in a different league from the rest of us.

I took down five, Olivia took down six, and the awakened guards took down one, and I finished them off. Just as Tiamata's power immobilized the purified corpses, Olivia seemed to draw on Tuan's power to immobilize them.

But the situation was dire.

There were bodies lying dead, their throats bitten out, their heads crushed, their limbs torn off.

The bodies seemed to number at least fifty.

In a very short time, there was carnage.

Many fled, but others remained frozen in place. Fear had taken hold of their legs.

If they killed these people because they were convinced they were satanists, shouldn't they have thought that something terrible might happen to them that existed outside their scope of thought? I don't like to laugh at people who are paralyzed with fear, but when it happens, I can't help but feel a surge of anger.

"I....... Thanks for saving me. What the hell is this......."

The guards were near the awakened bodies, so many of the dead were lightly armed, but those who recovered their senses took up arms and fought.

The man in charge, as well as the other guards, still looked terrified.

"Just get the people out of the way first. I don't have time to explain who I am."

"Yes, yes!"

Not everyone recognizes a holy object. I don't know what you'd think of a tiara in my hand, but I'm sure you'd think it was a bad thing.

I didn't intend for it to happen this way, but I'm going to be known as the warrior who jumped into the middle of a massacre and slayed the undead.

Olivia approaches me from a distance.

"Reinhard....... This looks like......."

Olivia trailed off.

I know what you're trying to say.

It could be black magic, but they seemed to focus on other possibilities.

The power to raise the dead.

This is also the power that the cursed Tiamata wielded, and it was the power of Kier, the reverse of Tuan.

It is likely that the holy power of demons is being used. That said, it's possible that an actual demonic religion is involved in this situation.

And.

The situation in the Great Square has been cleared, but there are no signs of additional guards arriving.

-꺄아아아악!

-Oh, help!

-Run away!

I could hear people screaming in the distance.

Olivia could feel the awe-stricken stares directed at us from the guards and the people whose legs had come undone.

Olivia had sad eyes.

Because people now know what to do.

I don't think she recognized Olivia and me.

It's pretty obvious what people will do when they see a mystical man or woman who appears as a salvation in a dire situation.

-God sent a messenger......!

-You saved us!

I watched as people looked at us and bowed to themselves, and Olivia watched with a complicated gaze.

Some people hang others, while others worship them.

Olivia doesn't look at them, but at the great square.

There were a lot of bodies from the shoveling, but none of them were moving anymore.

"Let's go, Reinhardt."

Something has to be done about all the crazy stuff going on in Raziern.



* * *



The carnage in the Great Square has subsided, but the reanimated corpses have shown physical abilities that exceed those of normal humans.

Importantly, this seemed to be happening all over Lazierne, not just in the Great Square.

-꺄아아아악!

-Run away, run away, run away!

Unexplained fires were engulfing the city, and reanimated corpses were munching on people.

The dead were coming back to life and attacking people, so it was only a matter of time before it got bigger.

At this rate, Raziern will be a raging inferno of reanimated corpses.

-skuck!

"Gee......."

As the living corpse was dismembered with the Tiamata, a white torch blazed from the cut, burning away the evil energy.

If this is indeed the power of the drunken Kier, then Kier is also a Tuan, and is therefore purifying the power of the same being with the same power.

-꺄아아아악!

-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Chaos was always chaos, but Raziern was turning into a murderous chaos.

That's not all.

-Woodruff

"Holy shit, it's coming to life."

The bodies Olivia and I dealt with didn't come back to life, but those in the streets suddenly began to move in bizarre contortions after a while.

Unless they are purified by divine power or crushed to the point of no return, dead bodies rise not long afterward.

-Quizik!

Olivia stomped on the head of a body that was just beginning to move, crushing it.

Olivia's lips were pressed together, her expression twisted into a horrible grimace. No matter how undead you are, you're still crushing someone who was alive not long ago.

-Don't be intimidated!

-Cut off the limb! Cut it off!

The only saving grace was that I could hear the shouts of a battle going on somewhere.

This fight requires priests and paladins, not just armorers.

However, it is doubtful that there are many high-ranking priests in the small provincial state of Levaina. In fact, even the priests in the Great Square were bitten to death, unable to do anything without freezing. They're not used to fighting.

"Any idea when help from the Alternate Empire will arrive.......? Or will it even come......?"

Olivia muttered in despair.

There's a warp gate, so when word gets back to the Empire, reinforcements will come, and there's a specially trained Imperial force, so we'll be able to deal with that, but can Raziern survive this bizarre situation where the dead are coming back to life?

In Raziern, which had suddenly become a living hell, Olivia and I ran and ran to find the epicenter of the outbreak.

Slicing, dicing, and crushing the reanimated corpses you encounter along the way.

-Woof!

Burning houses were crumbling.

A naturally occurring fire would never spread this fast.

There's no way Lazerne could have gone up in flames so quickly without someone setting it on fire in an organized fashion.

"Reinhardt! Over there!"

I wonder how far she ran. Olivia pointed to the end of the straight avenue.

There, in black robes, was a group of men.

Someone waved a hand at an otherwise intact house, and I could see the wave of flames engulf the entire building.

Someone setting a fire.

Is it magic?

And in the midst of those robes, he was the only one on horseback.

No, it's not just words.

"Ghost horse......?"

It was a translucent horse, a blur of blue and white.

A ghost horse called a phantom steed.

In the midst of the group, the figure on the ghostly horse turned its head toward us from a distance.

The distant flames made it difficult to see the shape of the figure.

But it felt obvious.

Git warns you.

That thing is watching me.

In the distance, both Olivia and I could see the black-robed figure spurring away.

I don't know who he is.

But it's coming.

"Tiamata is now yours."

"Yes."

It was clear to me that Olivia was no match for unarmed combat.

Tiamata in Olivia's hand, Alsbringer in mine.

The ghost horse doesn't run, it glides through the streets, charging toward us at an unbelievable speed.

-Slurp!

It approaches us, wielding an elongated binoculars in its black-robed hands, its face not even visible through its robes, just a black mass.

It rides up on a ghostly horse with a spear in its left hand and a sword in its right.

In a flash, the knight approached, swinging his spear at Olivia and his sword at me.

-Quack!

-Bam!

I jerked away from the grip with a searing pain, and Olivia's posture swung wildly.

I wasn't hurt, but the force of the weapon was too much to bear.

-Kurrrrrr

Each of the weapons he held in his hands was shrouded in an unidentifiable black aura.

"What are you assholes doing?"

My question to the phantom horseman, who quickly closed the distance between us after one attack, is answered by a voice slowly emerging from the darkness.

"By the devil."

A knight on a charging ghost horse, says Nazik.

"You wish for the destruction of Levaina."

......?

When I!



* * *



I don't even know these guys.

What kind of bullshit is that, that the Great Demon wants Levaina's destruction?

I don't understand.

And if this is the extent of their power, why have they been silent until now? Have they expanded their ranks?

We could only make uncertain estimates, but nothing was certain.

But the ghostly horsemen rode in again, this time carrying two dark weapons.

It's not like a horse can run.

It moves in, this time targeting only Olivia, not me. As if it knows it has to take out Olivia first.

-Whoosh!

The first attack was hard to take, but Olivia is imbuing Tiamata with powerful divine power this time. Tiamata would be more effective in Olivia's hands than in mine.

-Bam!

A fierce shockwave exploded from the sword that met Olivia's. Olivia didn't retreat this time, but the ghostly horseman appeared to be unscathed, moving past her.

The rider stares at Olivia, still. She can't tell what he's thinking in the darkness.

The ghostly horsemen had decided to take on the two of us, and the black-robed horde had disappeared from the street.

You can't run away.

The ghost horse he's riding is not a normal horse.

It's as if we're defying the laws of physics.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

It rushes up, slams into him, passes him on the other side, and then rushes back down again as if he had no inertia.

The subjects moved as if unbounded by inertia, and the speed and power of the striking and thrusting weapons were real.

"Reinhardt! Watch out!"

-Quack!

"Boom!"

Even with my magical enhancements, I felt a powerful pain in my wrist as I parried his spear, as if it would shatter.

But it's not just a consensus-destroying force.

It hits me once, and then spins around in a frightening turn without giving me a chance to recover from the impact.

-Benefit!

"Holy....... Shit!"

Without any recoil, the phantom rider lunges at me with his spear in my face.

I don't know what it is, but you're trying to kill me because you're on the side of the devil!

-Bam!

Just as he was about to thrust his spear at me, Olivia jumped in and parried his spearhead.

-Kiiiiii!

In an instant, the horse's head swiveled, and the ghostly rider who had retrieved the spear returned to the flank.

"Are you okay, Reinhardt?"

"Yes, for now."

I don't know the details of his abilities, but the Ghost Rider's abilities are far beyond my own. I don't know how it compares to Olivia's, but it's clear that he finds her annoying.

"How do I say that?"

A ghostly horse whose movements seem to defy the laws of physics. The rider's helplessness is one thing, but when he's on that ghost horse, he's got the upper hand.

"I'll try to catch it somehow."

In addition to the Tiamata in Olivia's hand, there was a small white star in her left hand.

With her magical and divine enhancements maximized, Olivia almost looks like an angel descended upon the battlefield, even though she's out of place in this situation.

With everything around him on fire, he seemed to have come down for judgment rather than salvation.

-Kiiiiiiiiiii!

The ghost horse lets out a grotesque whinny and charges Olivia and me once more.

-Quack!

The sound of weapon against weapon rang out, and the rider didn't pass Olivia this time.

No, it didn't.

Olivia and I were pushed back by the countermovement.

That wasn't the end of it.

-Kang! Ka-kang! kang!

Rather, she was trying to immobilize the horse and drive the rider back. Olivia aimed at the horse and swung her weapon, but the rider knew what she was doing and parried her every strike with his spear and sword.

Olivia is Olivia, but the Death Knight's power is immense.

She was skillfully parrying Olivia's swings with both hands, wielding her sword and spear with both hands.

It's a ridiculous monster.

But.

Pincer attacks are absolute.

While he focused his attention on protecting the ghost horse from Olivia's attack, I grabbed the rider's back.

First, you need to get off the horse before you can think about the next.

What you need now is speed, not strength or skill.

It's been a while since I've used it in real life.

Fast (迅速).

Focus the power of self-suggestion on speed.

Other forces are also added to it.

The stronger the enemy is, the stronger Alsbringer strengthens itself. Since the enemy is clearly stronger than you, the condition is met.

One step.

The moment you take a step.

I caught up to the back of the rider with such speed that even I was surprised at my unaccustomed speed.

The rider, however, seemed to react to my speed, parrying my sword with a spin of his spearhead.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

It was the best speed I could muster at the moment, but the rider reacted to it.

But like I said.

In the end, pincer attacks are absolute.

With the spear in his left hand blocked and Olivia's sword in his right, the ghostly rider found himself with both arms locked, unable to move forward or backward.

It moved like it was defying the laws of physics, but it never moved sideways.

The moment that stopped me in my tracks.

-Ka-dum!

With her free left hand, Olivia snatched the rider's sword from his grasp. Enveloped in light, Olivia's grip on the rider's sword tightened. Twisting it wildly in her hand.

-skuck!

With a tiamaata, you blow the ghost horse's head off.

-keeeeeeeeeeeeee!

With an eerie whimper, the ghost horse turned into a blue mist and scattered, and we quickly distanced ourselves.

The rider dropped to the ground on the back of the horse, which was now behaving erratically.

-Thump!

The rider in black robes said nothing about the loss of his horse. Except for those first words, he never spoke, never showed any emotion or mood.

-Bam!

The lance, longer than he was tall, was abandoned by its rider, and he clutched only the darkened sword.

"What are you guys?"

Olivia speaks to the rider, who is still holding his sword and watching the two of us.

"Are you the Devil's minions?"

The rider's skill was one thing, but finding out who they were was more important to Olivia.

In his robes, the mysterious horseman looks at us and speaks.

"Yeah."

This is crazy, crazy stuff.

When I!

I don't know you guys!

A clueless man claims to be my servant.

"What the prophets could not do, we will do."

Prophet.

Seeing as how they call the devil a prophet, I'm guessing they're Satanists.

I'm not entirely sure what's going on here, but I think I know what their purpose and intentions are.

Now that the Demon has failed in his assault on Levaina, these people who think they're prophets are raiding Raziern to accomplish what I failed to do?

I can't believe it's gotten to this point.

-Kurung!

His sword begins to pulsate with black energy.

It's a far cry from the momentum we've seen so far.

It's not as if you've gotten off the horse and become less combative, but as if you're about to unleash your true power.

The weapon itself, with its chilling aura, already seemed like something bizarre was going to happen the moment they met.

"Yeah."

Olivia's mouth curled into a wicked grin.

"The devil, that's not possible."

Olivia isn't here because she needs to get to the bottom of this case.

If the Devil's minions are making Raziern look like this in real time.

He was convinced that the demon had saved him, or that there must have been some other reason.

I said I needed to be convinced.

So, I just got it.

No matter how repulsive and unpleasant human behavior may be, all humans are fundamentally evil.

However.

You won't know the root of every demon.

-꺄아아아악!

-Sa, sa, help me, help me, help me!

-Kaaaaaaaaaah!

If it's the devil doing this.

The devil is evil.

Olivia is convinced.

"And."

Olivia Ranze clutches her tiara and glares at the Black Knight with an eerie expression.

"To borrow from the powers that be, no more begging."

Olivia abandoned God.

But she's still using divine power, lending her strength. But Olivia now seemed to be trying to deny even that principle.

"Light."

I'm not asking you to save us.

I'm not asking you to lead us.

It's not a plea.

"Come to me."

To the light, follow me.

Olivia commands.

-Woof!

The white light from the thiamatha becomes more and more intense and eventually begins to take on a golden hue. Olivia Ranze uses tiamata in a different way than I do.

I know now that the divine power gives Olivia strength in some way, so I don't have to ask for it, and I don't have to believe in it.

Olivia was chosen by God.

To the gods, who lend me strength in whatever I do, because I am chosen.

Now we tell them to give it their all.

-Currrrrr!

Olivia Ranze, caught in a torrent of divine power so immense that the atmosphere shudders, stares at the Black Knight with murderous eyes.

Not even Libertarian Rancher was this good.

While Leviathan might have the edge in practical skill, I could feel Olivia overtaking him in terms of divine power.

Even from my vantage point, I could feel the atmosphere shake with a storm of divine power.

But the seemingly evil being in front of her didn't back down at all.

The black knight's aura was ominous, but the storm of divine power raging through Olivia was too great.

Olivia's divine power was already immense, but amplified by the Tiamata, it seemed as if the release of that condensed divine power would be enough to destroy the world.

Olivia in the light and the knight in the dark.

The black knight lunges at Olivia.

But it just looked small and shabby, like a ferry against the tide.

Facing the charging Black Knight, Olivia focuses her Holy Power on Tiamata.

A dazzling golden glow began to focus on Tiamata.

Tiamata and the Black Knight's sword clash, the latter's holy power seeming to explode at any moment.

Stabbing sword, Olivia from top to bottom.

Honest, but with a pressure that feels like it could bring the world down.

That moment when two swords clash.

-Flash!

I watched a storm of light engulf the world.





