Episode 402.





-currrr

After a torrent of divine power swept through the area.

I could see pellets of light falling from the sky.

It was a torrent of such power that I was caught up in the storm and swept away.

Olivia was in the middle of the storm, looking off into the distance.

There.

There was a thing, its black robes torn to rags, its bones all exposed, black smoke billowing from its mouth and eyes.

-Saaaaaah

It's not dead.

In the first place, it was moving dead.

Olivia murmurs to herself as she looks at the skeleton that has stopped moving.

"Death knight ......."

What stood in our way was Death Knight.

We watched as its skeleton slowly crumbled to ashes.

Needless to say, the Death Knight is a top-tier undead. This is evidenced by the fact that despite Olivia's massive use of Tuan's holy power, which is the highest for an undead, she is left with nothing but rubble instead of vaporizing.

"The world is going crazy, that thing is showing up where people live."

Olivia grits her teeth and mumbles something like that.

However, the fuss isn't over.

Only one Death Knight had been dealt with, and the city's uproar was accelerating.

And.

-kiiieieieieieie!

With a deafening clatter, a ghostly horse emerged from a street corner.

"There was more!"

Another Death Knight was approaching from a distance, perhaps knowing that one had been taken care of, or perhaps to eliminate the danger.

Even.

-hhhhhhhhhhhh!

Not one, but two.

Olivia's expression turned serious.

"What the hell....... What the......."

It took a tremendous amount of energy to process even one chi.

Olivia's expression turned grim as two more appeared. Two is hard.

Is this really the end of the road for Laziern?

Approaching at breakneck speed, the two Death Knights were each aimed at me and Olivia.

Olivia is out of health, and I'm outmatched against Deathknight.

If I use a retreat to create a gap, can I deal with it?

Since they say they serve the Devil, will they stop attacking if I reveal that I'm the Devil? If so, how do I explain that to Olivia?

You have to make a choice.

Is Olivia on my side?

Will they believe me when I tell them I didn't mean for this to happen?

The moment he was about to pull Sarkhegar's ring off when two Death Knights charged in.

-shhhh!

A blue flash passed between me and Olivia.

-Bam!

Both Olivia and I could see the flash go straight into the chest of the charging Death Knight.

I could see the sword embedded in the Death Knight's chest plate, engulfed in fiery blue energy.

And.

-shhhh!

Another blue flash past us.

This time it was a person.

-Bam!

Both Olivia and I watched as it leaped and kicked the other Death Knight, sending him crashing into a burning building.

In a flash, he's disarmed two Death Knights and pinned one in the corner, and he looks back at us.

"Mr. Reinhardt, Miss Olivia."

Director of the Special Investigations Division.

The Shanapelle 3rd Battalion.

"Things are bad, go back to the empire."

There, Swordmaster.

Scotra Kelton gave us a blunt instruction.



* * *



He's been deployed to critical sites, and he's a general manager, so I figured he must be pretty good.

Add to that the fact that he's the third captain of the Empire's premier knightly order, the Shanapels, and it's no wonder Scotra Kelton is a Swordmaster.

However, Olivia used her Awakening-level Holy Power, and I was blown away by two Death Knights who were too much for me to handle, one sword thrown and one kick.

I was reminded that the Swordmaster is unique among superhumans.

However, the Death Knights weren't easy either.

-Swoosh!

One Death Knight nonchalantly pulled out the sword embedded in his breastplate and threw it away. As if there were no such thing as a fatal blow unless it was divine, unless it was to shred.

The magic in the sword could not be sustained for long, and it had already lost its shine.

-curl!

Then, pinned to the wall, the Death Knight crawled out into the street, tossing the debris like Styrofoam.

"......."

Stumpy limbs.

But the darkness seems to be on fire.

Grotesque beings, radiating ominousness, stood before Scotra Kelton.

"Death Knight."

I kind of intuited it at the point where I was riding a ghost horse, but it's Death Knight.

The Death Knights didn't charge at Scotra Kelton.

The Death Knights slowly begin to retreat. They've decided that taking on the Swordmaster is too much.

They backed away, then took a few leaps to put some distance between us.

-Snarl!

As they reached for the air, a ghostly horse summoned from thin air and clung to the reins.

-Kiiiiiiiiiiiii!

The Death Knight summoned a ghost horse, mounted it, and rode off through the burning streets at an untraceable speed.

Skylar Kelton didn't chase the fleeing Death Knights.

"There might be more of those. I'll escort you to the gate."

He seemed to prioritize my and Olivia's safety.

"I've sent a messenger to the ecliptic, and the Crusader Knights and Imperial reinforcements should be arriving shortly. The situation should stabilize soon, and you need not be involved further."

-Ahhhhhh!

-Mom!

It's hell everywhere.

Too many things are already not okay.

Scotra Kelton told me that everything was going to be okay, which me and Olivia didn't believe at all.



* * *



The Swordmaster told us to stay out of the situation, but we couldn't be stubborn.

We don't know how much power the cultists have, and we've seen firsthand the power of the top undead, the Death Knights.

I defeated one, but there were two more, and I couldn't tell how many more.

-keeeeeeeeek!

"I'll take care of it."

Animated corpses appeared and lunged at him, but Kelton struck them with the face of his sword, not the blade of his Auror Blade.

-Bam!

As if engulfed in a massive explosion, the charging undead exploded like balloons, terrifying to strike with the sword.

This is the method used by Saviolin Tana to deflect my and Ellen's swords.

If it was used with the sincere intent of killing an opponent, it would explode in a shockwave just by being hit.

I realized how much Saviolin Tana had been looking out for me and Ellen.

As soon as Scotra Kelton sensed something was amiss, she sent a messenger to the Empire.

The troops arriving to defend the burning Raziern could be seen cleaning up the mess, even before they reached the Warp Gate.

"I'm here because I saw the light, but have you spoken to the Death Knight?"

He asked us, as if he was going to keep us informed until he returned to the ecliptic.

"They said they were....... and that they were the Devil's minions, and that they were probably calling the Devil a prophet....... When I see them using words like that, I think......."

"I'm guessing it's the Satanists, since they're the only ones who can call the devil a prophet."

"Yes....... The way he talks about trying to finish what the Prophet couldn't....... I think he planned this raid after the last one failed."

"Hmmm......?"

Scotra Kelton narrowed her eyes at Olivia's words.

"Are you sure you heard me right?"

"What? Oh....... That's definitely what I heard."

He knows that the last demon attack was a hoax, so he's not going to believe it.

The Devil has failed in his assault on Raziern, so he is sending his more powerful minions to truly destroy Raziern. Olivia can only understand that.

But Kelton knows that the demon had nothing to do with the last raid in the first place.

So we can't help but notice that the whole idea of the Demon King's men attacking Raziern to complete the Demon King's failed raid makes no sense.

Of course, he didn't tell us the inside story.

You may have intuited that something was off about the attack on Raziern by the cultists.

"Hmm, and......."

That's not all.

He even saw that it was Olivia holding the tiara, not me.

"I think you'll have to talk to the director about that."

Shanafel realized that Olivia could use Tiamata, not just me.

That means the imperial family will know about it.



* * *



Arriving at the warp gate on Raziern, a large number of armed troops poured out of the gate. While it would have been riskier to send troops beyond the bounds of internal affairs, the royal family of Revayna would have welcomed the Empire's presence with open arms, not resisted it.

And there was a familiar face waiting for us.

"You're safe, both of you."

Saviolin Tana.

She stood guard near the warp gate with the rest of the Shanapelle. It was a critical defense point, not because they were doing nothing, but because the destruction of the warp gate would severely disrupt the flow of troops.

Tana walked over to me and gently pulled me into a hug.

"I'm sorry. I thought this place was safe."

Still, the head of Chanapelle came in person because she knew I was here and Olivia Ranze was here.

I could hear the deep regret in her voice.

"For now, everyone return to the Temple. We'll deal with whatever happens in Raziern."

Hero or Warrior.

It was going to be something like that, and I actually did something like that. Although it was technically Olivia who did it, not me.

But the scale of the incident has grown so large that the situation is now beyond the reach of individuals like me and Olivia.

His fingertips trembled slightly.

The intense gravity of the weapon that the Death Knight wielded was not easily forgotten.

And Scotra Kelton whispered something in Xavier Tana's ear.

Hearing that, Tana's eyes widened. At Olivia, to be precise.

"Go back to ...... for now. We'll talk more later."

Raziern was an overly dangerous place, and not the place to talk.



* * *



It is the Empire's role, not ours, to put an end to the disturbances in Razierne. Even a small nation can't afford to have its capital attacked by an unidentified band of pagans, so the Empire deemed the situation serious enough to send in every single one of its specialty warriors, including Shanapels.

Of course, a very large part of that was because I was there.

The size of the force that attacked Raziern is unknown, but it will be no match for Shanapelle.

It was the first time I'd ever seen the Swordmaster in action, and it made my skin crawl.

The next step in disenchantment is the Master Class, but I'm not sure that's too much of a jump.

I couldn't deal with Deathknight, Olivia took out one with all her might, and Scotra Kelton took out two with ease.

The Death Knights even fled when they realized they were no match.

The night of the ecliptic was silent.

The capital of a small country somewhere on the continent was now in flames, and the Imperial City seemed oblivious to the fact, calm and serene, save for the troops moving urgently toward the gate.

Cross a few gates, no, just one, and you don't even realize there's a carnage going on somewhere.

The silence of the ecliptic seemed as foreign to Olivia as it did to me.

"Do you want me to keep it a secret?"

Olivia would know what I was talking about. If it became known that Olivia had taken ownership of Tiamata, she would be in trouble again.

You will be told, coerced, and oppressed to be a saint, to be our savior.

For Olivia, who hates it so much, it would have been unpleasant for Scotra Kelton to see Tiamata.

If I were you, I would ask Tana to keep it a secret that Olivia had become Tiamata's master. And Tana would keep the secret from both her and the Empire.

At my words, Olivia looks up at the night sky.

The sky was lit up with a seemingly endless array of stars. Somewhere out there, the acrid smoke and fires covering the ground made it impossible to see a single star.

Olivia stares up at the sky of the ecliptic, where she can see the Milky Way.

"You were supposed to tell people that you're the owner of Alsbringer."

"It's ......."

For fame, for political standing. To use it to tell people of the return of the warrior.

It's more for Charlotte's sake than it is to give people hope, but that's a side effect.

"Then they'll come after you, like they just did, right?"

The devil will come for me when the return of the warrior is known. Most people were worried about that, but I was convinced it wouldn't happen.

But then I realized, after what happened today.

There are followers of the Devil that even I do not recognize. There are those who claim to be the Devil's followers, who assume the Devil's intentions and act on them.

Olivia looks at me and smiles mischievously.

"Demons will go after those who pose a threat to them, and if you're a threat because you're the master of Alsbringer."

"The devil, and the master of Tiamata, will be after him."

"And, I'm stronger than you."

"The devil will try to get rid of me first."

Olivia's words seemed to squeeze the life out of me.

Those sad eyes, that heart for me.

It was like squeezing my heart.

"I want to protect you, but I almost didn't."

Two Death Knights.

If it weren't for the timely arrival of Scotra Kelton, things could have gotten weird. Olivia could have died, or I could have died.

"If you can't protect yourself, you'll have to become something, whether it's a saint, a warrior, a crusader knight, or the Pope of the Five Great Houses......."

Olivia looks at me.

"The first flourish of the Holy Empire, or whatever."

Olivia decides to pick up the name of the abandoned god.

Not for God, not for people.

For me.

"I'll do anything to protect you."

Olivia, who wants to live a life of her own choosing, runs away from the life she's been forced to live and ultimately chooses to die.

Because of my decision to walk a dangerous path for Charlotte.

Olivia is going down a more dangerous path than I am.

To create a situation where if the devil comes for me, I have to come for myself first.

Guilt rose.

I can't give this person anything.

Why should I take this risk for nothing in return.

In the guilt that rises up about that, I realize.

Is this what Charlotte is feeling for me?

So when she sees me, she doesn't even make eye contact, she just looks down and apologizes.

In the wrong place.

I knew how Charlotte must feel because Olivia was willing to sacrifice everything for me.

Thanks, but I'm more guilty than that.

What I am.

I said.

In front of Olivia's blind eyes, I feel guilty.

As if she knows that, Olivia smiles at me.

"It's the life you gave me, so I chose to use it for you. No, I chose it for me, so don't feel sorry for me."

Olivia decides to become Olivia Ranze again.

"So, Reinhardt. No matter what, even if the world turns upside down, even if the devil hurts you, even if the world hurts you. No matter what."

Olivia grabs me by the scruff of the neck and pulls me closer, kissing my forehead.





"I'll protect you."

I whispered softly.





