Episode 404.





Rumors of a second assault on Raziern by the Demon Lord's minions, the Demon Cultists, have spread, causing a great number of casualties.

Tales of a demonic curse that caused the dead to rise and devour the living, and the dead to rise again and devour the living, filled people with fear.

While the Ecliptic did not see the extremes of Raziern's paganization, the mere realization of what Satanists could do when they drew their swords instead of being suppressed was enough to make people fearful.

Stories of Death Knights, whose names are as frightening as their faces, appearing in people's cities have added to people's fears.

Of course, that wasn't the only story going around.

At the site of the chaos, there was also a story of two warriors with holy relics.

The man with the Alsbringer.

A woman with a tiara.

Stories of the arrival of the Apostle of Alth and the Apostle of Thuan and their slaughter of the reanimated corpses, cultists, and Deathknights in desperate Raziern spread simultaneously.

It turns out that what Reinhard and Olivia did was actually correct.

However, it was the Empire's reinforcements and Schanapelle that made the difference. The Empire inflated Reinhardt and Olivia's accomplishments even further than they actually were.

-If it's an Alsbringer, it's a warrior's sword!

-And to Tiamata.......

-The gods didn't abandon us!

As quickly as fear spreads, hope follows.

If the Demon Remnant raids of the past have scattered fear, the two champions of the Raziern raid have instilled hope in the masses that is more powerful than fear.

A warrior has emerged to take on the demon, two of them.

Their direct identities are not known. But rumors spread like wildfire.

Some know that he is a second-year Temple Royal student named Reinhardt, and she is a sixth-year Temple Royal student.

The truth known by the few becomes the truth known by the many.

The hearts of those who were about to sink were being held by two champions who appeared out of nowhere.

So it was with more relief than fear that people heard the rumors of a distant country attacking Raziern.

The raids had come to be viewed not as news of tragedy, but as news of hope. After all, strangers had died in an unknown place.

Rumors that the Demon King's arch-enemy has appeared will expand to rumors that the Demon King is about to be defeated.

Those who know the truth know that Reinhardt and Olivia, no matter how strong they are, are no match for the Devil. Of course, even this is not the truth.

However, it doesn't matter if the hope is false or real.

If peace is sustained by false hope, it's not much different from real hope.

It's a way to keep people from getting lost in a belief system that can't be realized.

Whether or not they can actually do it, the belief that they will defeat the devil is enough to keep people going.

A few days later.

Winter Palace.

"......."

Bertus sat in his office, pondering.

Despite the Emperor's approval, the attack on Raziern was Bertus's idea. Bertus recognized that there would inevitably be civilian casualties.

However, we did not anticipate the subsequent damage.

That way, too.

Being a demon is inevitably hostile to the imperial family. It was only natural that he would be angry that his connections to the revolutionary forces had been thwarted and even exploited.

Fiendish Outbreak.

Their purpose was to fulfill a plan that the Devil could not.

Completing the plan is a bit of a stretch, since the raid on Raziern wasn't the Devil's doing in the first place.

If the cultists are the Demon's forces, they should have known that the events of Raziern were not the Demon's plan.

As such, fetishists would have no direct contact with the Devil.

"Is it really irrelevant?

But just in case.

It may have been done on purpose by a demon who was angry at being defeated last time.

The Raziern raid was disguised as a demonic attack, but the actual damage was not great. While some very important people were killed, many civilians are focused on numbers.

The death toll was not high, and the raid on Raziern failed.

So the devil was fooled, and he may have been angry that his disguised work hadn't done much damage.

You may have thought it was ridiculous that the forces of the Devil could barely destroy a small provincial capital.

So it's possible that they did this to show people what happens when you seriously try to raid somewhere. Whether it's their own swords or the fact that they've gotten a reputation for raiding, and they've gotten such a modest result, that in itself might cause people to look down on them.

So it's not unreasonable to claim that Satanists are doing the Devil's bidding.

You can also tell them to actually show up at the disguised raid location and make a mess of Raziern.

To warn Bertus that this is what happens when we sell our names.

The demon let Owen de Getmora live, but took revenge by destroying Raziern.

If this is the Devil's intention, Bertus has paid the price.

If so, the problem becomes very large.

Bertus estimated that there were only a handful of demonic remnants.

Individuals are very powerful, but they are never the majority, or so we've assumed.

'But if there's also a Satanist.......'

The number of demonic religions is by no means comparable to that of the Five Great Houses.

However, they are the highest level of undead, the Deathknights, and include priests who believe in the five demons.

It's a small country, but it has a powerful demonic high priest who can cast a curse that encompasses the entire capital of the country.

City-level terrorism.

The demonic remnants have already proven that they can wage war. Being able to unleash a demonic force is like saying the devil has an army.

What if the curse of the dead coming back to life to bite the living unfolded in the middle of the battlefield? Regardless of actual combat power, the morale-critical nature of all-out warfare would cause traumatized soldiers to faint or flee.

"It doesn't matter if the devil tells you to or not.

That's not the point.

Demonism is already a very serious security threat to the Empire in its own right, and must be eliminated.

Bertus didn't feel guilty that this was his fault.

'Rather good, now that I know these bastards are somewhere in the Empire before it's too late.'

I'm glad we realized that there was an anti-Imperial, anti-Christian force lurking somewhere that could do this, before they became more powerful.

In the current state of affairs on the continent, where rumors are spreading that the demonic religion is expanding here and there due to the quasi-movement of the demons, there are those who have fallen into fear and would rather believe in demons and demigods and seek salvation from them.

A tumor that would have gotten bigger if left alone had presented itself.

It's not a crisis.

It's a chance that won't come around again, and you need to grab it by the tail and rip it out.

-Smart

-Your Majesty, Owen de Getmora requests an audience.

Bertus cleared his throat at the knock on the door that followed.

"Tell him to come in."

At Bertus' simple command, the door opened, and an old man in a bowler hat bowed deeply to Bertus in acknowledgment.

"His Imperial Highness."

"Let's sit down."

Owen had come to see him for quite a few reasons, but Bertus seemed to have some idea of what he was here for.

Owen de Getmora, sitting on the couch, looks at Bertus with a serious expression.

"Your Majesty, the people of the Demon Realm have spoken."

"Because it's an opinion......?"

"They say this wasn't their doing, though I'm not sure if that's true or not......."

Demonology and demonic forces are not related.

While that claim may be false, it's clear that the demonic forces are reluctant to lose their imperial connections over this.

If that's true, and the Demon King has nothing to do with Paganism, what is the current Demon King's stance on Paganism?

"If that's true, then I'm going to find and subjugate them, and if it's false, then I already have them subjugated."

Even if you can't be sure, what you need to do is simple.

Finding and destroying the Demon Cult before it did was now the top priority.

Any delay would lead to a demonic takeover of the cult.



* * *



"Tiamata......."

The Crusader Knightmaster's Chamber.

The current leader of the Crusader Knights, Elayon Bolton, squinted at the milky white hilt of the sword in front of him.

It was none other than Olivia Ranze who brought it.

Olivia took the mouse, the one she'd shown Tiamata, back into her hands with a nonchalant expression.

"It's great that you've changed your mind, and even better that you've been chosen by Tiamata......."

"That should be enough to qualify you for priestly ordination, right?"

Even if priestly ordination was the problem, even if Tiamata was not, Olivia is capable of more.

In addition, Tiamata has become the master of a powerful and great symbol. So much so, in fact, that there are those who would support him if he were to overthrow the current Crusader Knight Commander and take his place.

Elion Bolton glances at Olivia Ranze, who looks determined.

"May I ask what made you change your mind?"

"......."

It's not about protecting everyone, it's about protecting just one person.

Reinhardt has saved his life, so he will spend it on Reinhardt.

But Olivia is smart enough to know that she shouldn't say that.

"I saw a bunch of Satanists."

"Looks like the rumor that ...... was in Raziern was true."

"I thought, 'It's bad enough that humans are sticking together, I can't stand by and watch them mess up the world.'"

Olivia cites a universal reason.

Hating to be held to that universal standard, Olivia is forced to fulfill her saintly duties, and she turns around and ends up back where she belongs.

"Yes, you're still a student, so you won't have much to do. But as an honorary position, I can give you any number of titles, powers, and duties. Of course, I can provide staffing for whatever you want to do."

Elion Bolton looks at Olivia and asks.

"Do you have something in mind?"

Olivia has a reputation as a saint.

Just having a Champion of Tuan spread hope in the Temple of the Five Great Gods can have a significant impact. She was genuine and eager to help people, to save someone.

Elion Bolton believes that simply speaking hope to people who are grieving will bring them peace of mind.

Olivia answers the question as soon as it comes up, as if she has something in mind.

"I want to be an inquisitor."

"......."

At that, Elion Bolton's expression hardened.

Saint of Eredian.

I thought I was going to be in the business of saving, helping, and protecting things.

Upon his return, he volunteers to torture and kill someone, hunting down the infidel.

He's returned to the Order after seeing the horrors of the Demon Cult, so it's not surprising that he'd volunteer for a mission to root out the heresy.

The Crusader leader looks at the Tiamata in Olivia's right hand.

For generations, Tuan's champions killed humans, not demons, monsters, or the undead.

Hunting down cultists is what the Champions of Tuan have always done.

Is Olivia Ranze unable to escape the shackles?

An Eredian saint who couldn't step on an ant, for some reason, decides to become a pagan hunter.

"Good."

Elion Bolton believes this is what Tuan meant.



* * *



Rumors spread like wildfire. And it's even faster when the rumor is being intentionally spread by the imperial family.

Demon Cultist Raid on Raziern.

The Champion of Tuan and the Champion of Alth who appeared in the place.

Plus their name.

It spread like wildfire. Normally, it wouldn't have been this bad, but with the mention of the Demon King on the continent, it was inevitable that the name of Daehan would spread like wildfire.

Inside the Royal Class, we knew this all along, but it was outside the Royal Class that mattered.

-If that person is that.......

-The Als are champions.......

Ellen and I were taking lessons from Tana, the violinist, but of course we were also taking regular classes.

Since Reinhardt's name is the only one on the roll call, he's bound to get a lot of attention.

Not only did I see a complete change in the way my classmates looked at me, but they were looking at me in awe, both men and women, and even the teacher.

And it's not just in the classroom.

"......."

"Hey, you....... You're popular......."

Riana muttered idly as she walked down the street with me.

We weren't really out and about, we were just walking back to the dorm after our psychic class.

-Wong Sung Wong

So here we are, me and Riana walking together, with a bunch of students chattering behind us.

-I'm dating.

-Even a warrior has to have a relationship.

-Could be a friend.

-Is it?

-No, he's dating last year's Miss Temple, I'm the spring.

-Really?

"......."

It's like he's some kind of idol with a fan club behind him, and there's a whole bunch of people following him, and I can't even begin to describe the.......

I was feeling like a dog in real time.

Riana seemed to be dumbfounded by all the attention in real time.

Why are you following me?

Why?

It's not like you're following me!

-Sir, look over here!

Something called a warrior.

When I heard it, it actually gave me goosebumps all over my body.

"Hey, you sons of bitches, go home and wipe your feet, why the fuck are you following me, eh?!"

Eventually, it exploded.

You're going to get another line in the sand for being a tough guy.

Riana went back to her dorm and declared that she couldn't go with you anymore.



* * *



It was a terrible feeling to have people casually call me a warrior. I hadn't realized it could be so mentally damaging.

The expectations that people had for me turned into interest and hovered around me, and that was hard to bear. I even had a fan who followed me around, even though it had nothing to do with the class.

Even.

"Let's bet the Alsbringer."

There's even a bunch of crazies who come in with unfounded confidence and ask for a match.

"Let me test you to see if you're worthy to be master of Alsbringer."

It's hard to tell if they're hungry for attention or overconfident.

"What did you say, asshole."

-Bam!

"Kaboom!"

"If you're hungry for attention, shit in a Main Street fountain, you crazy motherfucker, and you'll have all the attention you'll ever need."

-Bam!

"Ugh!"

Apparently, I'm not as tough as I pretend to be, so they're trying to do something about it.

-Crack! That's so cool!

"......I want to kill myself."

Being a warrior.

In a different sense, I realized in real time that this is a mentally demanding job.





