Episode 408.





I want to distance myself from Reinhardt.

But I knew that the best way to clear my cluttered mind was to eventually get lost in something.

Memorizing complex magical formulas or facing difficult problems clears his mind. Herriot was no stranger to clearing his mind through study and research.

That's why she's been doing research.

Even that research, Reinhardt's proposed warp gate to the otherworld, was miserable, but it was all Herriot had to cling to.

After her day at the temple, Herriot headed to the palace.

Researching the warp gate system in the library of the Imperial Ministry of Magic was originally Reinhardt's idea, but it also intrigued Herriot.

A magic system that's been around for a long time.

It was an eye-opener in itself to understand such a vast system that had been touched by so many archmages.

Warp gate research requires a basic understanding of dimensional magic. As such, Herriot has developed his understanding to the point where he feels he could develop his own gate system on a small scale.

Due to recent events, the atmosphere around the temple has changed a lot.

-From the warrior.......

-It would be nice if you could come out of the temple.......

The chanting crowd has grown quite a bit, camped out in the temple.

The reason is to see Reinhard and Ellen, not the other way around.

Just as Reinhardt and Ellen were famous inside the temple and had people following them, so too were they outside the temple.

Most people didn't even know what Reinhard and Ellen looked like, so they wouldn't recognize them if they appeared outside the Temple, though the Temple guards were keeping a close eye on them in case the crowd became unruly.

-The Reincarnation of Artorius.......

Some people were saying things I couldn't understand. I had heard of a strange cult that believed in the reincarnation of Lagan Artorius.

I wonder if that's who's gathered here, if they believe Reinhardt's crazy stuff about being the reincarnation of Artorius.

Herriot couldn't understand people's weirdness.

However, there are consequences.

The hope of humanity.

Reinhardt, Ellen, and Olivia, who had become such a presence.

You are small and shabby.

There's no reason to be shabby, but if your opponent is too big, it's easy to lose heart.

So Herriot is about to give up.

Pushing through the crowds, Herriot made his way to the palace.



* * *



Arriving at the Imperial Ministry of Magic, Herriot shook his head at the uncharacteristic atmosphere.

In front of the research library, a group of wizards huddled together, watching a stack of books.

-Here....... This is how.......

-Great.......

-Where the heck is......?

A considerable collection of spellbooks, and the mages poring over the materials before him seemed to be high ranking, not lowly members of the Ministry of Magic.

Herriot had been in and out of the Ministry of Magic, but he wasn't particularly close to the imperial wizards, and by the looks of it, they were talking about something important, so he headed straight for his usual reading room.

Herriot is barely acquainted with the wizards of the Ministry of Magic. They all know that the Grand Duchess is doing important research with imperial permission, so they don't approach her to talk to her.

The only familiar faces were the entrance manager controlling the desks and the officer stationed in Room 8.

The young wizard in front of her was someone who could advise her on understanding dimensional magic or help her find the resources she needed.

He was my research assistant and advisor, explaining the imaginary dimension to me.

Of course, Herriot wouldn't speak to her unless she needed to first.

Although they didn't know each other very well, Herriot realized that the wizard was quite friendly. Of course, he never asks her a question twice, but he does a good job of explaining things that she doesn't understand in detail and concisely.

I learned the name rather recently.

as Dwin, or so Herriot remembered.

However, the officer who had always greeted Herriot when he came in, even if he didn't speak to him afterward, would just sit there blankly, not even realizing that Herriot had entered.

There was no reason to pretend to know first, so he flinched at the sound as Harriet cautiously took a seat a good distance away.

"Ah, Grand Duchess, have you come?"

"Oh....... just now."

He was so preoccupied with something that he didn't even hear Herriot enter the room. When he did, he returned to his usual slightly smiling expression.

"It's been a while since you've been here."

"I've been a little busy."

It was more of an emotional thing than a work thing, but she doesn't really explain it.

"By the way, it's been unusually quiet outside."

Talking about it brought Reinhardt's face back into her head, so she forced herself to change the subject.

At the slightest hint of curiosity from Herriot, the young wizard smiled gently and glanced toward the entrance to the reading room.

"Oh, you mean like, a bunch of rare spellbooks were airlifted in from somewhere. It's not every day you find a bunch of rare arcane texts like that."

"Visionary......."

"Yes. The source seems to be classified for now, but I heard that a new labyrinth has been discovered in the Darklands, so maybe that's where it came from."

Labyrinth of the Darklands.

Herriot scratched his head, as this was the first he'd heard of it.

"A labyrinth?"

"Yeah, I don't think it's really broken through yet, but....... Apparently some adventurers have returned with a rare spellbook. It's supposed to be a tomb of a lich, but we don't know what kind of lich it is, but we expect it to be a fairly powerful one. Of course, if that many grimoires were found, the search for the tomb may already be over, but that's a lot of grimoires....... That's pretty rare.........."

As a closing statement, Dwin's demeanor was a bit nuanced.

I had vaguely assumed that he was just a sincere and intelligent person, but clearly there was something off about him now.

"I don't know if it's going to be my turn, but it would be nice to be able to take a look at it, although I suspect it probably won't be......."

I can't put my finger on it, but it's a weird feeling.

I don't know what it is about the look in his eyes, but there's something about them that makes people want to do business with him.

But that look isn't so special for a wizard.

It's only natural for a wizard to be interested in rare spellbooks.

But Rich's grave.

A large amount of arcane texts allegedly found there.

I don't know, but I'm sure there's some very powerful magic in there that the world doesn't know about.

Dangerous power.

However, a powerful force.

Herriot thought for a moment, then realized.

If you have too much dangerous knowledge, you will only become a too dangerous wizard.

Herriot echoed in his mind the words of the Grand Duke of St. Thuan.

"I'm curious, where on earth did you do that. Did you find some precious magic......."

Herriot couldn't help but feel that there was something a little off about the wizard's eyes as he spoke of the spellbook.

-Where the heck did they get it from....... replace.......

At the barely audible murmur, a chill ran down Herriot's spine.



* * *



White Palace, Arnaria.

"Your Majesty, the documents you requested last time have arrived from the Society."

"Hmmm....... I guess."

The Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan is in his office in the palace, taking out a report brought by a messenger. As he reads it, the Grand Duke speaks in passing.

"I don't want the full text?"

"Yes, they said it wasn't top secret, but it would be considered association property."

"Funny, they're claiming ownership of magic they didn't invent."

The report the Archduke was looking at listed the books and outlined their contents.

A theory of formula simplification to increase the efficiency of fire spell composition.

How to improve and increase horsepower cohesion density.

Efficiently utilize your body's horsepower.

That's not the name of the book, but it's what the theories of magic in the book were based on.

I don't know if these theories will actually work, and I haven't seen the Grand Duke's grimoire, so I don't know if they're really theoretical.

"It is said that this much magical theory can be extracted from the Labyrinth, the supposed tomb of Lich, and the spellbooks that adventurers who wandered through it picked up along the way......."

There are many unexplored areas in the Darklands, and many dungeons that have yet to be properly explored. It's impossible to know all the dungeons, unexplored areas, and hazards.

The recently discovered tomb of Ritchie was one of those unexplored places. Normally, it wouldn't have been reported to the Archduke.

The important thing was the few spellbooks that the adventurers who had wandered in there and barely escaped had managed to grab.

Spellbooks are divided into theoretical books and spellbooks that cover magic.

Four species of spellbooks.

From there, I was able to come up with enough improvements to make it work, if not to overturn all the magical theories that had been used.

But the mere fact that such a grimoire describes a more efficient way of doing things than the way they've always been done is a great discovery. Not to mention the value of the spellbook itself, and its magical value.

Ritchie's Tomb.

It's not fully explored, it's more of a byproduct, and a few spellbooks contain it.

The last line of the report said.

-The Society is considering the possibility that an Akrich may be present in the dungeon.

Akriti.

It's a fantasy, like a dragon, the stuff of legend and universally believed to be non-existent.

To the extent that the association has to make such an irrational judgment, no one knows what really lies within the recently discovered tomb of Richie.

How long have you been studying magic, and do you have these spells?

So what does the real vision of that reach look like?

However, the nature of the Labyrinth in the Reach's dungeons is still unknown, and the Society and Guild have not yet made any direct moves, as they believe it could be very dangerous.

Wizards are usually cautious, and that goes for the Archduke as well.

Adventurers are like rainwater that follows the money anyway.

If they risk their lives to retrieve a grimoire, it can be purchased by an association, a guild, or someone like the Archduke. There's no reason to risk it yourself.

But.

If the grimoire falls into the hands of a guild or association, the Archduke will only be told that a discovery has been made. Wizards are also closed-minded, and wizards in guilds and associations are reluctant to share their visions, even among themselves.

It's not even good enough to give wizards outside the group a cursory acknowledgement of the achievement.

"Hmmm......."

It's best to take it before it's taken away.

But just as the Archduke thinks this, so too might an association, a guild, and eventually an empire.

If a group of adventurers, mages, mage guilds, or the imperial government organizes a dungeon hunting party, even if it's just Akrich's tomb, it will be dug.

What's really in this tomb.

Dangerous knowledge only makes for dangerous wizards.

And.

The Labyrinth, which is sure to harbor many dangerous spells, will give birth to countless dangerous mages.

You need to know the true nature of the labyrinth.

To prevent dangerous magic from being released into the world.

"Tell the wizards to get ready."

"Yes, Your Highness."

The Archduke hadn't been out in a while.





