Episode 409.





"No, you mean you just finished this?"

At Dwyn's words, Herriot nodded nonchalantly.

"Oh....... Yeah."

"Grand Duchess, it's not that simple, you've just changed the history of the Warp Gate, and in doing so, you've changed the history of the continent."

"Oh....... Is that so?"

Dwynn's excitement was palpable, but Herriot's wasn't so much.

"You've solved a problem that countless warp gate theorists have refused to touch. You may rejoice some more, some more!"

Dwyn's voice rang out in the deserted reading room. It was an intense response that was a bit out of character for his usually calm demeanor, but it didn't seem all that real to Herriot.

It's not an easy problem by any means, so I did a little research and solved it. That was it.

"Grand Duchess, I don't suppose you realize what you've accomplished?"

"What? Ah....... If the maps of the imaginary dimension are reorganized the way they are now, instead of having to go through several warp gates to reach your destination, you'll be able to travel from a small gate at the north end of the continent to a small gate at the south end of the continent in one fell swoop....... Isn't that how it works?"

"If you know this, why aren't you surprised?"

"......."

Herriot opened his mouth to say something, then shut it.

It's not that I'm brilliant, it's just that I've been using warp gates so stupidly up until now.

That would be disrespectful to every wizard in history who has ever built this system, so Herriot couldn't do it.

And, for the same reason, I couldn't say why I hadn't done this before.

As with most technological advances, Herriot was born out of frustration.

While the warp gate system offers tremendous convenience, it also comes with its own set of inconveniences.

A good way to think of it is that small warp gates have a range of 1, medium warp gates have a range of 2, large warp gates have a range of 3, and extra large have a range of 4.

Since a warp gate is connected to all warp gates within its range, a very large warp gate will naturally be connected to a very large number of warp gates.

So the giant warp gate was basically connecting the entire continent by building another giant warp gate at the end of the crossroads.

However, there is an inherent problem with this approach: to travel very long distances, you need to go through a gate multiple times. Not all places on the continent are connected by an intersection of large warp gate ranges, so you may have to travel through a series of small and medium-sized gates.

To travel from the ecliptic gradient to a base town on the southern edge of Cairnstadt, you must first travel from the ecliptic's large warp gate to the Cairnstadt large warp gate to the provincial large warp gate, then from there to the provincial medium warp gate, then to the destination small warp gate.

This is the way it should be. This is a very extreme case, but not necessarily the only one.

Inevitably, there would be bottlenecks at the larger, more crowded warp gates, as there are now, and there would be queues at the larger warp gates.

Reinhardt and Ellen's imperial crest, which is a warp gate free pass, gives them an enormous time advantage because of the way the warp gate system is structured for waypoint passage.

But Herriot ran into a fundamental problem: He couldn't understand why anyone would want to exit and re-enter a warp gate that was interconnected like a spider's web.

Instead of arriving at a warp gate waypoint and getting off, why not just use the connected dimensional gateway and go straight to your destination, skipping the transit?

Herriot pointed out why warp gates don't work that way, and Rosser-Dwin's answer was simple.

Because that's what we've been doing.

Of course, there are a lot of problems with that statement alone.

The warp gate didn't just fall out of the sky and connect the entire continent, but rather it was perfected little by little as we went through trial runs one after another. In other words, the basic system was created with no intention of connecting the entire continent from the beginning, but it happened by accident.

The maps of the phantom dimensions used for the direct connection to the warp gates had been built up slowly in the same way, and the complexity of the system had been built up over hundreds of years by countless wizards.

With so many people involved, it was inevitable that there would be issues.

If you think of it like building a road, some people build the route in a straight line, some people build it in a curve, some people build it in an ellipse, and some people build it in a spiral - each in their own way.

Each wizard drew the map in their own way, and that's how it's used, and you can't fix it unless you want to fix it, and if you mess with it, you break the whole warp gate system.

With maintenance after maintenance, and more fudged magical theories and formulas added, the system based on false dimensional maps and warp gates was a giant turd. They were maintained, but not improved, in a way that kept them in their current form and usage.

So it's not that many warp gate technicians didn't improve on Herriot's idea, it's that they couldn't. They'd have to do the crazy thing of understanding all of the centuries-old structure of the warp dimension, redrawing the warp gate's map of the warp dimension connecting all of the continents from scratch, and tearing apart the basic workings of the warp gate.

But then Herriot did it.

She's even shocked by the news that Reinhardt is getting engaged, sobbing to herself, saying she's having a hard time focusing.

To put it simply.

Herriot has taken a small warp gate that is now a rural neighborhood eyesore and made it function like a giant warp gate in front of a temple, crusade, or imperial palace.

No, it's more than that.

The largest warp gates have range, but if we were to apply the imaginary dimensional map that Herriot envisioned, we would be able to travel directly to any warp gate in the common range of the warp gate system.

This means that you can travel anywhere on the continent, even if you can't get to the Edina Archipelago, which has its own small warp gate system.

"You may rejoice a little more, Grand Duchess!"

"Well, even if you say so......."

They say that grief fuels growth.

This magical genius didn't get along with his crush, so he sulked in his room, scribbled in his notebook, and changed history.

In conclusion, Herriot's new warp gate-based system and imaginary dimensional maps should solve all the problems of warp gate operation once and for all. Of course, it cannot be applied immediately, so it needs to be verified and piloted, and its stability needs to be verified by experts through trial and error.

Herriot had already accomplished what no other archmage had ever done.

Herriot realizes that this is a very important research accomplishment, but he doesn't understand Dwin's excitement because it wasn't that difficult for him.

So, a natural conclusion.

'I'm a genius.......'

Herriot realized with a start.

"It would have been fun to get to know the Grand Duchess sooner."

"?"

Dwynn's words had an oddly disconcerting effect on Herriot.

This guy is just not himself today.

Herriot felt a strange sense of discomfort, but he didn't know what it was yet.

"The Grand Duchess's five stars are enough to make you shudder. Now, here's your next piece of research."

When Herriot looked flustered, he changed the subject.

"Ah, yes....... Thank you."

"No, genius is fun to watch."

Genius.

It's a phrase she's heard over and over again, and by her own admission, she wondered what it meant.

To say that he is the greatest genius in the history of magic is simply an understatement; he still has a lot to learn, and he knows people who are far ahead of him in their fields and motivations.

You can't be the hope of humanity. You cannot stand side by side.

We've developed innovative ways to use the Warp Gate, but it has nothing to do with power.

The inferiority complex of genius.

What the heck can you do with lead research?

She didn't want to get anything out of it, she just needed a place to focus her mind.

I ended up coming up with an improvement to the warp gate system, but that's not the real goal.

Figuring out how to create a portal to the other world doesn't make Reinhardt look good.

It doesn't change anything.

Like last time, they might try to hide it, saying it's too dangerous.

The officer looked at Herriot with an amused gaze.

You may call yourself a genius, but the person in front of you is not. No one who manages the Imperial Ministry of Magic's research library at such a young age is anything less than a genius.

In the world's perception, wizards are geniuses, and this young wizard, who is the head of the Ministry of Magic at a young age, is probably a genius among wizards, so to hear him called a genius is quite something.

It's just that there's no way he's going to be able to top that.

"By the way, I haven't asked this before because it's rude, but may I ask you a question?"

"What? Ah....... Yes."

"The Grand Duchess is not going to be a warp gate technician, so why are you studying warp gate systems?"

It was a valid question.

While it is true that the mages involved in the Warp Gate are quite high ranking, it is, after all, far too practical a magic for the Grand Duchess of the Duchy of Saint-Tuan to study.

Herriot reflects on why he started this research.

Portals to other worlds, dimensional magic, and, if dimensional magic, warp gates.

It was simple cause and effect. It's just that it wasn't his curiosity.

How would they react if you said, "I want to know how to get to the other world.

She thinks it's something to be laughed at, but in the end, what can you do, so she chuckles.

"I was wondering if there was a way to get to the other world."

"......Yes?"

The other person, understandably, looked puzzled, as if he hadn't expected the answer at all.

Herriot scratched his cheek at how ridiculous it sounded.

"After all, there is no such thing, is there?"

I've been catering to Reinhard's inquisitive mind. If I'm going to stay away from Reinhard, I might as well stop helping him with this.

Herriot thinks so.

"It's....... We don't know if this world exists or what it's like....... I'd say it's more like uncharted territory than nothing at all......."

The wizard in front of you looks dumbfounded, mumbles something, and then shakes his head.

"Maybe, just maybe, we have similar aspirations."

Another unknown sound.

Does this person want to open a portal to the otherworld?

But with a questioning smile on his face, not his usual easygoing smile, Herriot couldn't be sure of anything.

"I think you've been saying some strange things."

Herriot didn't hold back this time, but Lothar Dwyn naturally scratched his head.

"Haha, maybe I'm getting a little carried away, I keep stumbling over my words."

What do I mean by excited?

"But, Grand Duchess, what about that idea?"

"What idea?"

"The idea that it would be easier to create this world than to create a portal to another world."

What an incomprehensible statement: it's better to create a world than a portal to another world.

"Of course, it would be impossible for a clumsy wizard like me, but wouldn't it be possible for you, the Grand Duchess, to do it alone, as you are the most powerful wizard in the world, and you are certainly capable of becoming the God of the New World......."

"What the hell are you talking about?"

Herriot interrupted Dwin mid-sentence.

Herriot had a strong feeling that this man was telling a story that only he knew, and therefore only in his head.

An unexplained malaise had been building in the back of his mind.

Man, I didn't realize this, but I had a very bad feeling.

It's not your usual nonchalant demeanor, but rather a slight stutter, a subtle outburst of bullshit, and a look that makes your intentions hard to read.

Herriot's instinct was to leave.

This guy is dangerous.

Herriot didn't want to talk anymore.

"I have to go now, it's getting late......."

"That's too bad, Grand Duchess."

Lothar Dwyn smiled as he watched Herriot rise from his seat with a slight glare.

"I wanted to talk to you just a little bit longer today, how about a little bit longer......."

"We can talk about ...... later, it's too late for that today."

"Oh....... Is that right?"

He said it, but he didn't look convinced.

That was the clincher.

If he doesn't want to talk, he's going to force it. Herriot felt his blood run dry at the sudden turn of events.

A slight, wry smile tugged at Dwyn's lips as he rose from his seat, shivering slightly.

"Well, bye."

He only bowed deeply toward Herriot.

Herriot ran out of the reading room.

An unidentifiable sense of crisis coursed through Herriot's body.





