15.

As Rowen says, extreme situations don't happen that often.

Twice at most.

The disturbance was not caused by the discovery of the priest's identity, but by the encounter with the robbers, and Ludwig's escape with Rowen in his arms.

Once he ran away, once he was blocked on all sides, and once Ludwig beat him with only his left arm, and Bomu walked away.

The robbers made the mistake of assuming Ludwig was a one-armed man.

Thus, it had been four days since Ludwig had taken over Lowen's guard.



* * *



A four-day escort mission.

Nothing much had happened in the meantime, and since they were traveling back and forth and had to be together all day, they couldn't help but talk about things.

Rowen had a frail appearance, but he was quite a bright guy.

He also wasn't one to talk about his high status.

We acted as if there was little formality.

Ludwig, who was quite ignorant of formalities, could not help but be grateful to Lowen.

So they talked a lot during that time.

"It was in a place called Cielan in the Kingdom of Lucepena, which you probably don't know, but I was a bishop there, not an archbishop."

This was Lowen's answer to Ludwig's question about where he had been an archbishop.

"So....... Gate debacle, you became an archbishop?"

"There's a shortage of people, there's a lot of deaths, and when there's a vacancy, someone has to fill it, so I took on a position that was overflowing."

The vacancy must be filled by someone, which is why Lowen said he was appointed archbishop despite his inability to do so.

"Was it correct to say that the archbishop....... as an archbishop?"

"No, just call me plain, and I'd rather you call me by my first name than call me priest."

Rowen looks at Ludwig and frowns.

"You're walking around in a place where you have to be careful in a lot of ways, right?"

Only then did Ludwig realize that calling him priest for a few days was a pretty risky move.

"That....... I see, I'm sorry."

"No, nothing much has happened so far."

Rowen points to a refugee camp just beyond the ecliptic boundary.

"Let's go, I have a lot of work to do today."

"Yes, Priest....... No, Mr. Rowen."

"You can count me out, Ludwig, because I'm counting you out."

Rowen smiles grimly and walks ahead of Ludwig.

Rowen was a bishop in a city that had already vanished, in a country that had already vanished.

After the gate incident, she somehow managed to survive and make it to the ecliptic.

And in a situation where someone had to fill the void, Rowen filled it.

He wasn't always an archbishop, he was appointed one after Gate.

"Are you being made an archbishop by doing this?

Ludwig shook his head and followed Rowen's lead.

It is the fourth day since Ludwig accompanied Archbishop Lowen.

There were still many streets in the Huangdao refugee camp that needed to be cleaned up, and more were popping up.

And little by little.

Snow was falling from the sky.



* * *



My freshman year at Temple.

Sometime during the second semester group mission.

The day I was immediately eliminated from the group mission and stood by.

When you're in an open-air bath with only one wall between you and Ellen, who was equally eliminated on the first night.

Ellen asked.

Do you like snow.

To be honest, I didn't think about snow. Or, more accurately, I didn't have time to think about it.

But I dared to step into the snowy open-air bath.

Because there's no reason to.

So, at that point, I replied that I think I like snow.

Yes.

I don't have an appreciation for snow, but as it turns out, I think I like it.

I'm alone in Ellen's room, in the Class A dorm, without Ellen and Heinrich.

Perched on the window sill, I stare out the snowy window.

There are many types of snow.

There's sleet, there's sleet, there's sleet, there's sleet, and there's a blizzard that Riana can summon.

Clearly, I liked the snow.

I loved the snow that fell with Ellen, and Harriet and Ellen. I also have fond memories of building a snowman with them.

If it's snow, hammock snow.

I loved the snow that fell until it covered the world.

I look from inside the window at the snow falling outside the window.

It is painful just to imagine the lives that the falling snow will swallow.

The snow falling now is flurries.

I didn't like that kind of snow because it didn't feel like snow, it felt lonely, like it was just a type of wind.

Because snow that doesn't pile up isn't snow.

That's what I thought.

But I'm glad it's just a light dusting of snow.

If it was piling up, if it was pouring, there would be just as many people suffering as if it was falling.

May this snow not pile up.

May it snow, and may it not be a blizzard.

I stare blankly out the window at the snowy sky.

Let's call Riana.

and ask him to stop the eye of the zodiac.

Not to kill monsters, but to save people.

But the harder you work, the sicker he gets, and if you ask him to keep you warm through the winter of the ecliptic, he'll do just that.

Now that we've melted the snow, we should also make sure that people don't suffer from the cold.

It will be at least three months from now before winter is fully over.

If she had to exert herself for three whole months, she'd be crazy by the time winter came around.

Riana's power is for war. It must be conserved.

It's a war to save someone's life, but you have to turn a blind eye to someone dying for it.

It's snowing.

The snowflakes were getting thicker and thicker.

Now, I hate snow.



* * *



The snow soon turned into hammock snow and began to fall across the ecliptic.

The good news is that it wasn't accompanied by a strong winter wind.

"It's snowing quite a bit."

"That's a big deal."

Ludwig and Rowen sighed as they realized that the plague progress in Sector 38, which they had just cleared yesterday, was completely over.

It was snowing hard, and both Rowen and Ludwig were covered in white on the shoulders and hoods of their robes.

On the streets, most people huddled in the cold snow.

Rowen's complexion worsened as he looked at the shack, which didn't even provide adequate protection from the wind.

"I don't know if it's moderate or not......."

"There are a lot of people who can't stand the cold, right?"

At Ludwig's concerned question, Rowen shook his head as if that wasn't the problem.

"When it snows a lot, it's not the cold, it's the shacks that collapse, and that happened a lot last winter."

More people were crushed to death by collapsed shacks, and Lowen said the danger was not the cold caused by the snow, but the snow itself.

The harshness of nature.

Ludwig resented the gradual accumulation of snow, but he didn't know where to direct that resentment.

They walk toward their next destination.

Most of the refugees were looking up at the sky in frustration, while some of the children were simply running in the snow.

You like it because you don't know what you're looking at, Ludwig thinks as he watches.

"Before the world was like this, did you like snow?"

It was an unnecessary question now, when the snow looked like the mark of death. Ludwig stared blankly at the hammering snow falling from the sky.

"......I don't know."

I don't even remember if I liked or disliked the snow.

After Gate, it seemed like everything that came before it had been erased.

I didn't even remember it anymore, like it had become something that was pointless to have or not have.

It was as if the misery and despair was so great that it had consumed him. It was overwhelming just to think about what could be done.

Ludwig suddenly wondered if Rowen was still capable of thinking about such things.

"I, uh, liked it."

Rowen looks up at the sky and remains still.

"Lucepena, the kingdom I was in, was in the north of the continent, and half the year was winter, so it was very easy to see snow."

In a place where half the year is winter, it was hard for Ludwig to fathom what such a place would be like.

"Doesn't that make you hate snow......?"

When you see snow so often that you're sick of it, you're supposed to hate it, because it's actually a sign of cold, just like people are afraid of snow now.

"Well, just because it's common doesn't mean you shouldn't like it, right?"

"......I see."

"Lucepena was a winter country, and Cielan was high up in the mountains, so it was cold, there was a lot of snow, and I was born there."

Rowen's eyes turned to look very far away, as if he were contemplating his now-defunct home.

"I've had snowball fights with my friends, built snowmen, touched the snow until my hands froze to death, gotten frostbite, been scolded by priests, and lost count of the number of times I've been healed."

Recalling his childhood, Rowen smiled wistfully.

I touched my eyes until I got frostbite.

"Even after I was ordained a priest, there were quite a few times when I got into a snowball fight with monastery children and got scolded for my lack of stamina, and when I made a statue of a goddess out of snow, I was scolded by the bishop who told me not to make such things."

Rowen looked quite amused as he spoke.

"Not that I've really had to since I was elevated to bishop, but... well....... Yeah, Lucepena was a cold country, but it didn't matter, and Cielan was a particularly cold city, but it didn't matter, because the Empire was huge, and there were a lot of tourists coming to Cielan, the Land of Snow, thanks to the Warp Gate, and it was pretty scenic."

"That was the case until just three years ago."

"Even if it's freezing cold, even if it's snowing hard, even if you live in the most inhospitable place."

"Humans could live anywhere."

"I didn't know it then, but I think three years ago was the last golden age of humanity."

"That day may never come, maybe never come again."

When all you had to do was look for beauty in the eye.

It was only three years ago that humanity could live anywhere, when supply chains called warp gates connected every continent.

But now that everything has been destroyed, the past has become a lie.

"Now mankind must be afraid at the slightest chill, and the slightest snowfall from the sky keeps many sleepless at night."

A smaller humanity is threatened by the smallest things.

I never had to worry about heavy snowfall in my big, sturdy house, but now I live in a shack that collapses at the slightest hint of snow.

The shack doesn't even have a fireplace, and the winter winds aren't much better.

The golden age is over, and humanity has much to fear.

"Ludwig."

Rowen looks at Ludwig.

"Don't you like snow?"

At that, Ludwig gives a small, nervous nod.

"Yeah....... I think so."

At that, Rowen smiled sadly.

"Now I do."

They walk down the street.

Snow was slowly accumulating on the roofs of the shacks in the refugee camp on a cozy snowy day.



* * *



Lowen and Ludwig headed to the next sector, sector 