Episode 410.





Leaving the palace, Herriot quickened his pace.

The intense sense of discomfort I felt at being so different from someone I had considered a good advisor soon turned into an eerie sense of dread.

He hadn't actually done anything to her, but she could tell from their few conversations that he wasn't a normal mage.

It seems to follow.

I can almost feel it.

You keep hearing strange noises and saying things to yourself that you don't understand.

From wishing I'd known you sooner, to feeling like you're crossing the line and almost deifying Chuukseum, to the utterly incomprehensible bullshit about being the new god of the world.

No sane wizard would say that.

Herriot is a wizard who has taken the elite course.

While wizardry is basically the work of geniuses, there are also street wizards, and there are definitely people who learn magic from street wizards.

They are usually lunatics and geeks.

Herriot had heard the stories, and he knew that there were plenty of lunatics out there who took pleasure in tormenting those who had no talent for magic by forcing them to learn it.

Soon.

Throughout his life as an elite mage, Herriot has had little experience with crazed mages. For one thing, her father was an archmage, and the people who taught her magic were generally clean wizards with sound minds.

Herriot's first and last case of insanity was that of Aaron Mede, who had been building chimeras in the basement of his mansion.

So it's no wonder I was gripped with an unexplained sense of dread today when the seemingly unharmed Lothar Dwin started making strange noises.

It certainly wasn't the legendary villain of the evil wizard that I'd heard about from my brother and father when I was younger than I am now.

But Herriot was feeling in real time how terrifying it is to face someone with unmeasurable madness.

Herriot kept looking back as he walked.

Maybe he's following you.

I used to think it was obsessed with me.

What are you going to do to me if you follow me?

The pace quickened, and on the horse-drawn train back to the temple, even among the passengers, Herriot broke out in a cold sweat.

Nothing happened, but it felt like something was going to happen.

Even though he knew it was just a phase, Herriot couldn't help but feel nervous.

The strange way he looked at himself.

If you get a glint in your eye when you talk about spellbooks, it's called Desire.

A bunch of bullshit that makes no sense whatsoever.

Hoping for God's sake that the crazed wizard wasn't trying to do her any harm, Herriot stepped off the train and headed back to the temple at a near running pace.

Crossing the temple gates gave Herriot some relief, but it wasn't enough.

It was nighttime, so the tram was slow.

She looked around in a cold sweat as only a few students slowly boarded the tram and went about their business.

The thought of being caught up in the unthinkable, of being the target of a mad wizard, made my blood run dry.

It's probably just a whim. I've been on edge lately, and I'm just overreacting to things.

But it was hard to say no to Dwin, because all the things he'd told me were bizarre.

In her confused and frightened state of mind, Harriet finally reached the stop for the Royal Class dormitory and stepped inside.

And.

Returning to the sophomore dormitory For a brief moment, Harriet felt the dread and fear that had been consuming her dissipate.

"Uh......."

Reinhardt, freshly washed and with a towel around his neck, walked toward the lobby and made eye contact with himself.

Reinhardt stutters a bit, as he always does these days, but doesn't end up talking to himself.

Well, there's Reinhardt.

With Reinhardt, you have the confidence that he'll do something about it.

I hate to admit it, and I probably shouldn't.

The moment I saw Reinhardt's face, the anxiety that had been gripping my heart vanished like a lie.

"ah......."

As soon as she saw Reinhardt, she reflexively relaxed, and her legs gave way.

-Whoosh!

"Uh, dude, come on!"

Reinhardt quickly caught her before she could fall to the ground. Herriot bit his lip as Reinhard supported him.

Obviously, there are many people stronger than Reinhardt, and many people more trustworthy than Reinhardt.

Why does this guy's face give him such a strong sense of relief.

"Why am I getting such a cold sweat......."

Reinhardt hesitates, but can't help himself, and carefully studies Herriot's complexion.

Why it's reassuring to see Reinhardt.

Herriot could see why.

That's because he's an asshole.

He's a crazy man who'll do anything to protect someone he cares about, including getting engaged to Charlotte because he thinks her life is in danger.

He's an asshole who knows he's hurting the people around him, but he does it anyway.

So.

If something happens to me, I'll do the same thing I did with Charlotte.

That he would do it somehow, anyhow, any way.

He's an asshole, an unscrupulous asshole.

He's always made it work, so he'll make it work this time.

That's why Herriot was so relieved to see Reinhardt.

Herriot would rather hate Reinhardt.

"Hey....... Come on. What happened?"

I wanted to hate it.

I actually hate it.

But as much as I hate him, I believe in Reinhardt.

"I don't know....... I don't know, I don't know why I'm doing this......."

And because I love Reinhardt more than I hate him.

"Just....... Just....... Just stay like this for a while. Just stay like this for a while......."

"Uh, huh? Uh....... Uh. Oh, okay......."

In the end, Herriot could not have hated Reinhardt more than he did.



* * *



"You think it's an illusion?"

"......Yes. Now that I think about it, it was just me freaking out, nothing happened."

This what.

I thought she was in the middle of something serious, but she assured me it was nothing.

"No, just....... You keep telling me I'm a genius, and I keep thinking....... There's a guy like that....... Something. I should say I'm a little suspicious. He said some weird things, but I think it was just him being weird and....... I don't know what to say, I just got scared and didn't realize that......."

"Delusional?"

Her face turned bright red at my words.

"Uh....... Delusional, one....... I think......."

What it is.

Did our cutie have some kind of axe-man property or something, according to the Lucinyl way of speaking? I don't think so.

"I just feel like he's coming after me, I feel like he's following me. I was scared....... But now that I think about it, he's kind of a weird guy....... It's not like he's ever done anything bad to me or intentionally asked me for anything....... They're wizards, they're all weird in their own way....... Now that I think about it, he's not that weird, but I guess I just got the wrong idea......."

It's cute that you're so embarrassed that you're mangling your pronunciation.

And it's nice to be able to look at them without feeling too guilty.

In the end, the research assistant who had been so helpful up to this point was so freaked out that she left and ran off to Temple, wondering if she was being a little too self-congratulatory.

I don't know what the hell he was talking about, but it's not every day that a wizard says something outlandish.

By the way.

I didn't know what to do, wondering if I should move away from Herriot, but she reached out to me first.

Thank goodness it's not a big deal. My heart sank as I thought something serious had happened.

If you're mistaken, you're welcome.

It's the illusion that allows me to talk about it in such a normal way.

Harriet and I were now sitting across from each other in the dining room.

I met Harriet right after I washed up from my duel with Ellen.

"......."

"Ah, Ellen......."

So, naturally, it was a natural progression for Ellen to come to the restaurant after her shower to grab a bite to eat.

Ellen looked back and forth between me and Herriot as we sat across from each other, then sat down next to Herriot.

As if it were a given.

"Do you want anything to eat?"

Our chum asks, almost with a glint in his eye.

"I'll make it for you today."

Apparently, she's really enjoying the return of this composition. Harriet is at a loss for words when she sees Ellen like that.

Vaguely smiling, vaguely crying.

With a complicated expression.

"Me, I'm....... stomach, are you hungry?"

"What the hell you."

And then I heard a voice behind me, quite unfamiliar to be heard in a Class A dorm, even at this late hour.

"Is this what you call a knight telling his lord to come and get him?"

Charlotte, arms crossed, looked nervously at Ellen.

No, Ellen called Charlotte herself?

"I'm a good cook, let me make you something."

"My knight doesn't need to be that good with a sword."

"I don't have to do one or the other, it's better than you doing neither."

"Really? How do you know I can't cook, you've never seen me?"

"Of course he can't do it, he grew up in an environment where he couldn't do it."

"......Yes, you can't! You can't! You can't! And you called me to argue, in the middle of the night?"

"I brought you in to feed you, and you're the one who's arguing, and I'm trying to take care of myself, and you're making me look bad."

"......who do you think you are for being an asshole?"

Ellen points at me with a wordless gesture.

No, I don't think he does, but he can scratch a person pretty good.

Spin?

"Wow....... Now you're pissing me off without saying a word?"

"Getting angry easily, that's a disease."

I've been seeing this composition a lot lately.

Charlotte and Ellen have a different feel than Ellen and Olivia, which is a bad match.

And Ellen, it's like when she's talking to Charlotte, she's talking a lot, but when she's arguing with Olivia, she's like, "Fuck off," "No.

"Anyway, what do you want to eat?"

Charlotte giggled at Ellen's question.

"Beef Bourguignon."

What do I do?

Our 1Queen has started a subtraction?

But what came next was even worse.

"Please only use tenderloin. I usually like fatty stuff, but I'm on a diet. And spices. Especially no pepper. I despise chefs who try to cover up their shoddy work by slapping on spices. The wine is a red from Risile......."

"Eat what you're given, not what you deserve."

Ellen spat out my thoughts verbatim.

Of course, Charlotte's face turned bright red when she heard that.

"What, you suck?! Did you just call me a dick?"

"I'm saying face value is face value because face value is face value. You're pretty, so I'm saying you're picky enough to be pretty."

"Uh....... Huh? What? What?"

"When in doubt, eat what you're given."

"Hey, hey, hey, it's running away!"

"I'm not running away, I'm going to the kitchen."

Ellen went into the kitchen, not wanting to hear any more of Charlotte's babbling, and Charlotte began to watch her from behind to see what she was doing.





Harriet had been watching Ellen and Charlotte's argument with me, mouth agape.

"Hey....... You know......."

"I think I know what you're trying to say."

"I think you and I did that last year......."

The context of the conversation is different, but Charlotte's confusion as she wonders what she's hearing and Ellen's pounding on her nonetheless are me and Harriet Fanbak from last year.

That wasn't the only similarity.

-I said no carrots!

-eat.

-Are you sure you don't want it?

-I'm holding a knife.

-With....... You're really just getting out, aren't you......?

"Reinhardt....... I'm feeling a little dizzy......."

Harriet sagged against the table and whined as she listened to Ellen and Charlotte bicker, which made her dizzy just to hear.

"Actually....... I haven't gotten used to it yet either."

The conversation between the two of them is a mess, not in the sense of identity or anything.

Ellen finished her beef brguignon and coloneled it in front of us, while Charlotte crossed her arms and snorted.

"I'm sorry, remember when I said I was on a diet? What do you think I'm going to eat after eleven o'clock at night? Think about it."

Yes.

I thought you might be like this.

Ellen glares at Charlotte as she turns away from the food with a "hmmm".

That.

That one with the mouth popping out.

"......Well, I'm not eating."

Charlotte looked at Ellen's gaping mouth and eyes and muttered to herself, trying to look away.

"......."

As if to say, if you don't eat, I won't eat, Ellen glared at Charlotte with her mouth full.

They'll be sad.

He'll feel really bad if you don't eat it.

It's almost a coercive glare.

"Oh, okay, you can eat it!"

I think Charlotte really wasn't going to eat it, but she was forced to because of Ellen.

"......Hmm, that sounds good in moderation."

The line was so obvious it was almost shocking, and Harriet blushed, wondering if I was feeling the same way about Charlotte.

"Me, me....... Never again....... I'll never say that again....... Heh, or....... Heung-rae......."

Yes.

You're cute enough without saying that line.



* * *



Now that Ellen has become Charlotte's knight, there are occasional moments like this, and while she hasn't reconciled with Harriet, a subtle misunderstanding on Harriet's part has brought the four of them together in Class A dormitory.

We had just enough time for tea after eating Ellen's cooking.

Ellen and Charlotte automatically whined when left alone. When they started bickering, Harriet would clutch her temples and try her best not to listen.

Of course, that wasn't the only story.

"....... What did I hear wrong?"

"You were right about increasing the efficiency of gate utilization."

"No. So that....... within the warp gate zone, you're going to move them all at once?"

"I don't know if it works in practice, but in theory it does. I don't know if you'll understand, but I've built something similar in design."

Charlotte asked Herriot if he'd gotten anything out of his research at the Ministry, and Herriot simply replied that he hadn't.

That story surprised me too.

We're making the warp gate a one-time trip to get to your destination instead of a series of trips.

Charlotte looks at Harriet with a nervous look on her face.

"First of all, if what you say is true and it really does happen....... Wow, I can't even begin to imagine how much that would change."

Charlotte also found it daunting to calculate the ramifications of streamlining and simplifying warp gate usage.

Ellen just shakes her head in disbelief, and I can't help but think that we're the best.

When you think about it, Herriot's discovery is a Power Cartridge or Moonshine-level disruption. I just don't recognize it because it's not in my range of expectations.

It was a discovery of great national interest, and Charlotte seemed to be giving serious thought to Herriot de Saint-Ouen's talent as the greatest genius in the history of magic.

Ellen, Harriet, and Charlotte.

The picture of the three of them huddled together talking was unfamiliar, but it didn't look too bad.

"What's she up to these days?"

As the three of us chatted awkwardly, as if we knew each other, Ellen turned to me at the end and asked.

Then Charlotte and Harriet looked in my direction, interested.

That.......

You're not wrong to ask me how Olivia is doing.

But it was interesting that Ellen wanted to know about it.

I wonder if I'm finally starting to feel a sense of togetherness, of sharing the same fate as the owner of the relic.

Olivia never explained to me if she thought it was a bad thing to say or what she was going through.

Moreover, there were so many days when he was away from the temple that it was hard to see him.

"I heard that you work as an inquisitor, but....... I don't know the details."

All we know is that Olivia is on a quest for clues to the cult.

If I reveal that I'm a demon, Olivia will be on my side and keep my secret.

But when Olivia makes that choice, she's asking to be an enemy of humanity.

I'd rather have Olivia on no one's side than have her on my side and be in danger. No, I'd rather Olivia think of the demon as her enemy. That way, she won't make herself the enemy of an unspecified number of people.

It's better for Olivia to see an insubstantial demon as her enemy than to have her join the demon's side and become an enemy of humanity. As long as I avoid her, that is.

"Inquisitor?"

The word itself has an ominous ring to it, and everyone was stunned.

To the sophomores in the Royal Class, Olivia is seen as a dysfunctional senior, but they don't realize that Olivia Ranze was once a saint.

That's why they were surprised to learn that Olivia was an inquisitor, a person who captures, kills, and tortures people.

The engagement and the myriad of changes that followed changed the entire continental landscape and changed our relationship.

The smallest of those small changes.

We ended up sitting here in the middle of the night, four of us, talking.

It wasn't shattered.

But in this bizarre relationship of what was clumsily broken and what was clumsily stuck.

I could feel a precarious little peace.





