Episode 411.





-Bang!

A dimly lit space with the sound of ripples tearing through the air echoing here and there.

The whip breaks the speed of sound with each stroke, creating a rippling sound that tears through the air. The sound is intimidating in itself, but those who are struck are in even greater danger.

Those struck by the flesh-ripping whip can't even scream when it's that bad.

A person who has been tortured to death.

Looking at the condition of the men, some of whom she couldn't tell if they were dead or alive, Olivia saw them stretched out in the cage, Sutton already dead.

"This way."

Olivia was being led somewhere by a man dressed as an Inquisitor.

The basement of the Crusader Headquarters.

There were more people than usual in the huge interrogation room.

Olivia had been in and out a few times, and had even been nearly dragged back here by her foster parents.

But now, Olivia was here in her capacity as a special inquisitor.

"What did they all get caught for?"

At Olivia's question, one of the interrogators in the lead role clicked his tongue.

"The times are suspicious, and not only is there demonism, but strange folk witchcraft and idolatry here and there. Whether they believe in the existence of local legends, or worship unheard-of cults that are not demons at all, or......."

"Do you have a group of martialists who believe in Lagan Artorius?"

"They are the most troublesome, heresy to be sure, but......."

"So you're saying it's a hard problem to touch."

"Yes, I don't know about after the papal conclave, but you're still....... out of their hands."

As anxiety and fear spreads, a number of folk religions have sprung up, not just warrior religions and demonic religions.

Dragonism is the largest of the cults, and while it requires a quick hand, it can lead to mass civilian slaughter if you mess it up.

Not only would that put them at odds with the Empire, but it would also turn the people against the Five Great Houses.

The name of Lagan Artorius is very heavy and huge. It is said that he saved mankind and ascended to sit at the right hand of the gods, but even if it were not true, who would dare to claim it?

It was a situation that could lead to the ridiculous scenario of the Church of God becoming the enemy of humanity.

Thus, minor heresies were brought into these interrogation chambers before they could spread, demanding repentance and making the heretics vomit out their information, but not yet the martial heretics who could be seen on the streets.

Olivia found the situation hilarious.

Following the outbreak of the Demon War, the Five Great Houses of God formed an allied force of all the Houses of God called the Crusader Knights.

It was pretty good. It was a symbiotic relationship, but once they had an organization that represented their collective interests, they had a general body of believers with five times the voice, five times the power, and five times the influence.

The leader of the Crusader Knights even gained a level of influence and power comparable to that of the Pope of each of the Five Great Houses.

It was created in the name of defeating demons, but now that the demons are gone, it's not going away, even though it should.

So much so that former crusader leader Leviathan Lance even planned to establish a theocracy.

However, the reappearance of the Devil has turned the tables.

The devil didn't do something himself.

People driven mad by the terror of the demons have created a fictional faith called Dragonism, which has become a threat to the Five Great Houses.

As for the establishment of a theocratic state, the Five Great Shinto religions now have to worry about their survival in the face of the insubstantial faith of the warrior religion.

Moreover, the presence of Ellen Artorius and the new master of Alsbringer, Reinhardt, only increases the prestige of the Order rather than diminishes it.

Did you not say.

That a warrior will return.

Reinhard, the Second Coming, and Ellen Artorius, a kinswoman of the warrior, will save us.

Religion is all about fitting beliefs into reality, and those who believe in Mercenaryism will proclaim that their appearance is somehow the fulfillment of the prophecies of Mercenaryism. Mercenary religion expands.

No dogma, no denomination, no parish, no temple, no pope.

A plague will sweep the continent in the name of the fiery religion of the warrior.

The Five Great Lords.

It may end up in the hands of the crowd, not the devil.

Did the Devil foresee this when he attacked Leviathan?

If he killed Leviathan because he knew it would happen, then the Devil is something else, a genius for lack of a better word.

Even human insanity and fear are factored into the calculation.

If so, it could be that he sensed signs of a warrior religion after killing Reverie Lance, and attacked Raziern to amplify it.

A trigger for the murder of Revere Lance.

A bomb called the Primary Raziern Raid.

That's what exploded in the current demonic raid.

A few guerrilla wars later, the Five Great Houses were faced with a crisis: a revival of warrior religions.

I wonder if the devil really knew this would happen.

Olivia can't see that.

However, Olivia decided to do what she had to do.

You don't have to choose me.

If it makes you laugh, so be it.

If it makes you happy, so be it.

Honor Reinhardt.

If I had to be a monster to do it, so be it.

"This is it."

It's not a place where you can see right through the bars like you can in other places.

A massive cell blocked by a massive stone wall.

Outside, numerous magical guards and protectors prevent interference from the outside and escape from the inside.

If there are important people among the pagans, these are the cells where they are kept.

-curl!

The Inquisitor manipulated something. A stone wall opened, revealing a cell.

A mangled pagan was there, head bowed, unconscious.

"It's not fake, is it?"

This question was important to Olivia, who had already seen people trying to hang non-believers in the provinces, and priests actually joining in to create false victims.

You don't want to interrogate someone who's a hardass.

"I'm sure of it. It's not a villager, it's a priest who can use the holy power of the demons. He doesn't speak, though, and since he's a priest, he must have some special training."

From what Olivia could see, it was clear that the torture hadn't been done by conventional means. It was clear that she was quite resistant to mental magic, as well as anti-magic.

"Okay, everybody out."

"What? He's dangerous. You two are alone......."

"Do I need to say it twice?"

Olivia stared at them, and they swallowed hard.

Somehow, beneath his gentle expression, there was an eeriness that was as sharp as a knife.

An apostle of Tuan who was once a renowned saint of Eredian who abandoned her faith and returned with the Tiamata.

Going against her will could be considered an act against the will of God. Not even the Pope or the Crusaders could treat a champion who had been chosen by a holy object lightly.

"Yes, just in case......."

"You know it, so get out."

At Olivia's simple command, the stone wall doors closed and darkness fell over the stone chamber.

-Whoops

Olivia waved her hand, and the light that appeared illuminated the stone chamber.

The torture of the Inquisition is not for the faint of heart.

The torture of the priests is not in the pain, but in the restorative power they can wield.

Even if you think you're going to lose your mind, even if you think you're going to lose a limb, even if you're about to go into hemorrhagic shock.

The priests restore the body to its original state and begin the torture all over again.

That's why most of the time you're just spitting out the truth, or at least the lies, to get the Inquisitors to say what you want them to say.

A priest of a fiendish religion who never came clean.

Olivia pulled up a chair across from the shrunken, unresponsive demonist and sat down.

"Why don't you look up when you're awake?"

"......."

The other person didn't respond.

"I'm not good at torture, I'm a quack, and if I torture you, you'll die."

At Olivia's crisp but murderous words, a cracked voice rang out from the bowed heathen.

"Kill......."

The answer was simple.

Even death is not free here. It's very hard to kill yourself, even harder when you're tied up, and if you try to die, the priests will bring you back.

Torture where not even death is allowed.

That's the difference between a real inquisition and a bullshit inquisition like the one in Raziern.

"How easy it is to say something like that when you've been tortured so badly. Poor thing."

Olivia stares at the bowed heathen.

"Still, I'm a little different from the interrogators we've had so far."

In the light.

Olivia holds out her right hand in front of the bowed heathen.

-Shoooooooo





"I can wield demonic power, and I'm pretty good at it."

In Olivia's right hand, a dark, ethereal energy flowed, different from the white light in the room.

"We're on the same side."

Pagan, head held high, looks at Olivia in disbelief.

Demons and demigods have the same source of power.

Olivia felt bad for the countless arguments, heartaches, and deaths that resulted from not knowing, or not wanting to admit it.

Olivia will take advantage of it.

Olivia is a priestess of Tuan and a priestess of Kier.

So you can open a mouth that never opens unless you're an ally, and you can open it any number of times.

"Now, are you in the mood to talk?"

Olivia, who has lit up the room with the power of purity, stares at the pagan with the power of corruption all over her.

"Oh....... Lord......."

To the pagan eye, it must have looked like an image of a god.



* * *



Late at night, after a small feast enjoyed by the four of them in the middle of the night, Harriet returned to her room, washed, dried her hair, and climbed into bed.

Realizing that she couldn't hate Reinhardt more than she liked him, Herriot clung to him in desperation.

I wonder if this is good enough.

While it was true that he couldn't hate Reinhardt, it was also true that he would be the last one standing.

You know you have a deeper heart, a deeper relationship, a deeper connection to other people, and you know you're supposed to be on the periphery.

Should I get in between them and endure their misery forever?

It was fun to just chat with Reinhard, eat something, and talk. I was so happy, relaxed, and happy that I didn't even feel the depression that I was sinking into on my own.

But when he returns to his dorm room, he finds himself back in the shabbiness.

Is this right?

Is it right to have fun now, to be comfortable now, to be happy now, to build a heart now that will hurt more later?

Better to be sick than not.

I'm in a lot of pain right now and might as well be dead.

That way, it won't hurt later.

If you endure this pain now, it will one day become a scar.

After it becomes a scar, at least it won't hurt.

Maybe that's the way to go.

But tomorrow, Reinhardt will be as nonchalant as he's ever been.

It would be funny to ask Reinhardt to stop being so polite and friendly.

Among other things.

We don't know the specifics right now, but Reinhardt had a pretty deep relationship with Charlotte. I believe Reinhardt once saved Charlotte's life when she was in danger.

Ellen and Reinhardt fought for their lives together in the Darklands, and arguably spent the most time together.

In Olivia's case, she was imprisoned and threatened by her adoptive father, and Reinhardt was able to get her out. This is also a life saver.

Reinhardt had a big break with all three but himself.

But yourself?

'Something is too trivial. No matter how much I think about it.......'

Even in your own mind.

It's a shame that I keep getting pushed aside.

In all seriousness, I think I'm objectively a slacker.

"......."

Of course, it's good to have a rough patch, but Herriot wondered if the fact that he didn't have one was making a difference.

Herriot de Saint-Antoine, Grand Duchess of the Duchy of Saint-Antoine, is a feast.

It is no longer possible to say that this body of a Grand Duchess is a commoner. Reinhardt is the champion of Als.

Even how was today?

I almost cowered in front of Reinhardt like I was being stalked, even though nothing had actually happened, and I was so embarrassed I wanted to die of shame.

It's not like we had a big fight and then a big, tearful reconciliation.

This is what happens when you don't have a proper conversation.

It was ridiculous that Herriot was freaking out over something so insignificant that he ended up reconciling with Reinhardt or something.

Isn't even the event of the relationship getting back on track too much of a nagging feeling?

Dawn the next day.

"Grand Duchess Saint-Antoine, I'll need your assistance for a moment."

Until two wizards, who introduced themselves as investigators from the Imperial Ministry of Magic, knocked on his door at the crack of dawn.

Apparently, that's what I was thinking.

When two men show up at her dormitory claiming to be investigators from the Imperial Ministry of Magic, she can't help but panic.

It can't be fake. If it was, it wouldn't have gotten inside the temple in the first place.

"Send me to....... Why?"

"There was a murder in the Imperial Ministry of Magic research library last night, and we need you to be interviewed as a key witness."

"Yes....... What?!"

Homicide.

The words made her head spin, and at the same time, she felt an inexplicable sense of dread.

I couldn't help but stiffen as soon as I heard that it was a crime to do anything wrong, even if it was the retarded Grand Duchess of Saint-Thuan.

It's even a murder in an imperial palace.

Herriot was white as a sheet as he looked at the polite but high-pressure investigators.

It was early in the morning, and their classmates would be sleeping. However, it was also time for the early morning trainers to wake up.

"......, what's going on?"

For example, Reinhardt.





第412季节





As soon as I stepped out of my room for my early morning workout, I saw him and briefly debated whether or not to speak to him.

Two outsiders who seem to have come in with serious problems.

When I heard the word "murder," I acted before I thought.

"I need to interview a key informant in a murder case at the Imperial Ministry of Magic. I've already secured Temple's cooperation."

Harriet looks back and forth between me and the investigators.

There's no way Herriot would have done something like murder.

"Do you mind if I stay with you?"

It was clear that Herriot had gotten himself into trouble.



* * *



The Ministry of Magic investigators must have known me.

I offered to act as a chaperone and she agreed to accompany me, even though it was a very important case.

Fortunately, the investigation was not conducted outside the temple, but inside the Royal Class dormitory, in one of the unoccupied on-call rooms.

Herriot had no idea what was happening to him, and neither did I, who had suddenly been thrust into the situation.

Herriot was at the Imperial Ministry of Magic until late last night.

There was a bit of fear yesterday, but he said it was self-delusion.

What was going on after all?

"What....... happening?"

Harriet asked, her lips quivering slightly, and one of the investigators slowly began to explain.

"Last night, three officers were murdered and a spellbook was stolen from the Imperial Ministry of Magic's research library."

Murder, spellbook theft.

At that, Herriot's complexion began to turn from white to blue.

"The most likely suspect at this time is Dwin, the Eighth Research Reading Room officer who is currently out of contact."

"He, he....... Him?"

"Yes, DeWynn, as the person in charge of Reading Room 8, he is believed to be the mastermind of the incident."

as Dwin.

I had never heard of it before.

Herriot was horrified, but then he nodded dazedly, as if he understood.

Slowly, Herriot explained what happened yesterday.

The prime suspect is Lothar Dwin, who has now gone missing since committing the crime.

"I didn't see anything out of the ordinary....... I've been looking at some research material on warp gates....... Oh, come to think of it......."

Herriot hesitated for a moment, then spoke up.

"You said you got the spellbooks from somewhere....... Were they stolen?"

"Yes."

"Strangely, it seemed to be gibberish, and I wondered where it came from....... It was weird, it sounded like he was gibbering......."

"Are you saying that Dwin was a little different than usual?"

"Yeah....... He was always there and not there, but when I needed something, he had it ready for me....... He said something that day, and he wished he'd met me earlier....... Ah."

Herriot mumbled in a daze, as if realizing something.

Herriot told investigators a few more stories, but none of them led to anything significant.

Herriot, however, seemed devastated.

The person you were casually chatting with yesterday has committed murder and fled the palace.

"Thank you for your cooperation in the investigation."

After a brief discussion, the investigators stood up and left, apparently with no further business.

"Is that person....... can you catch him?"

In response to Herriot's fearful questions, investigators would neither confirm nor deny.

"We'll just have to hope for the best."

"Goodbye, then. Thank you for your cooperation. It was a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Reinhardt."

"What? Ah....... Yes."

They thanked Harriet, said it was an honor to meet me, and left the on-call room with some pretty awkward quadruple entendres.

Random murders and thefts.

"......."

Her knuckles were still white from the shock.

Unable to sit still, I brewed some black tea from the on-call room and poured Harriet a cup.

"Oh, yeah....... Thanks. Reinhard."

She sipped her tea carefully, trembling, and when she finally finished, she took a deep breath.

"What the hell is going on......."

Herriot had obviously gone through something strange yesterday.

"That's the guy from yesterday, right?"

"Yes......."

A wizard who had suddenly stolen quite a few spellbooks. Herriot took a deep breath to calm himself.

"I don't know why they stole it, but....... That's a lot of money."

Was it enough to make an elite mage go blind, kill people, and run for his life?

"I thought he was greedy for a spellbook, but he killed a man......."

whoever Dwyn was, he was probably a mage who had been quite helpful to Herriot up to this point. Hearing that he had killed three people she was familiar with, if not close to, was bound to shock her.

Herriot murmurs through narrowed lips.

"I should have been more....... I should have realized that sooner......."

His decision to steal the grimoire had caused him to behave differently than usual. Herriot thought that if he had realized her intentions sooner, none of this would have happened.

"There's no way you could know that."

"Yes, but......."

I wonder if I'm beating myself up.

People might not have died if they had realized quickly that yesterday's Lothar Dwyn wasn't his usual self?

It's impossible to deduce that from his behavior. So Herriot's self-pity is meaningless.

Herriot hangs his head and fiddles with his teacup.

"It's just stupid, if I had realized it was weird, I could have told someone, even if I couldn't do anything about it, because I got scared shitless and ran away......."

Finally, he let out a deep sigh.

"Get yourself a....... pathetic."

I don't think it's Herriot's fault, and I don't think she thinks it's her fault.

However, I regretted my behavior yesterday when I ran away.

The choice to run away without bothering to find out how weird he is.

What to do.

This isn't Herriot's fault, but it's hard to sit back and watch this happen.

It's also a very big deal because it's a murder inside the palace.

"......Want to figure it out on our own?"

"Are we......?"

"I can't expect anything great, but I can't expect to find out nothing, either, right?"

It can't hurt to try.

I have the power to interfere in almost every aspect of the empire in the name of the warrior, and Herriot has the brains.

Most of all, I wanted to do something for Herriot, who hadn't been able to do anything for me.

Of course, I'm not sure that tracking murders is really doing anything.

And this.

Somehow, with this flow.......



[Event Occurrence - Homicide Tracking].

[Explanation: There have been murders and thefts inside the imperial palace; follow the case].

[Reward: 5,000 achievement points, ???]



event was going to be fired, and it was.



* * *



Saturday, morning.

Ellen would normally train on the weekends, but Reinhardt left the dorm with Harriet to run errands.

I don't know what happened yesterday, but I learned that Herriot and Reinhard are back to their old ways.

I was worried that Herriot and Reinhardt seemed to be drifting apart.

Herriot and Reinhardt talking and heading off somewhere, though not in the same way.

I wonder if Herriot is okay now.

Ellen watched them out the window as they left the Temple with mixed feelings, glad for the relief, but somehow unable to fully embrace it.

A good, but not great, feeling.

Feeling this way made Ellen feel guilty for Harriet, but she couldn't help it.

So I found myself getting a little more, well, intimate with Herriot when there were three of us. Even though it felt like it was getting harder and harder for her to handle.

Training is not possible without Reinhardt. Saviolin Tana leaves the temple on weekends to attend to Shanafel's work, so we can't rely on her help.

I wish it wasn't such a time-consuming chore.

As Ellen thought about it, she wondered how she would train on her own.

"Hey."

However, Charlotte came to visit you in your Class A dorm.

"I need to talk to you for a minute."

It's not a friendly relationship to say the least, but it's cider bound by an oath of loyalty.

"Yes."

That's why Ellen obediently followed Charlotte.



* * *



Charlotte led Ellen out of the dormitory.

Charlotte's expression hardened as she realized that he wasn't going to make it easy for her.

"I don't know you very well, but I think your mouth is a little heavy. What do you think?"

"I'm not sure."

"Okay, so you don't think about it at all."

Ellen has a heavy mouth, to the point where the words heavy and light are not even in her head. She's not only insensitive to rumors, she doesn't even have a concept of what's going on.

Charlotte takes a few deep breaths.

A secret few people knew, and Charlotte was about to tell her unchivalrous knight.

"You do know that I was kidnapped and released from the Demon Castle, right?"

"Yes."

With the threat of the demon growing and its presence threatening Reinhardt, Charlotte has finally made up her mind.

"Then, I have a child who escaped with me."

"Like ......?"

"Yes."

Charlotte nodded.

"And I think he's probably the devil now."

"!"

The secret of secrets that only a few know.

Charlotte was going to share it with Ellen.

Very few people know about Charlotte's escape from the demon castle. Of the Temple students, only Charlotte, Bertus, and Reinhardt know the story.

So it's no wonder that Ellen was shocked to hear Charlotte's confession.

From start to finish, Charlotte described her escape from the demon castle.

How Bertus' vassals tried to kill him, and how the kid who brought the teleportation scroll with Darius rescued Charlotte.

Naturally, Ellen is shocked to learn that Charlotte has suffered hardships in the demon castle, but she has no idea that she has a child who escaped with her, and that child is the demon that is now shaking the continent.

"Of course I didn't realize it at the time, he was probably using camouflage magic, but that's not the point, it's almost certain that he's a demon now."

Charlotte bit her lip.

Like you've said everything you're going to say, and you're wondering if you really need to say this.

After thinking about it, Charlotte looked around.

The park in front of the Royal Class dormitory, on a weekend and early in the morning, with no one coming or going.

"I'll tell you, because it's something you need to know if you're going to keep living as my knight anyway."

"Yes."

"You know I'm a psychic, right?"

Ellen nods at Charlotte's words. But as far as Reinhardt knows, Charlotte is in serious trouble. She's suffering from some sort of aftereffect of her return from the Demon Castle, that's all he knows.

Charlotte's superpower.

Ellen doesn't know what it is.

Charlotte held still and extended her right hand.

-ssh

Ellen was almost sick to her stomach when she saw the inky darkness that was beginning to emanate from Charlotte's right hand.

I don't know what it is, but it's an ominous force to behold.

"I have the soul of a demon in my body."

"......what?"

What came next could only make Ellen even more appalled.

"The Devil did something to me when I was trapped in the Devil Castle, and I didn't know what it meant then, but I do now. He planted a piece of his soul in my body so that I could be resurrected, just in case."

Even Ellen, who was blasé about most things, could hardly contain her horror at the words coming out of Charlotte's mouth.

He escaped from the Demon City with the Demon Heir, and even has a portion of the Demon's soul dormant in his body.

The words were pouring out of Ellen's mouth that had long since surpassed the scope of her thinking, which envisioned something like an incurable disease.

"That the current Demon King, the child who escaped back then, saved me not to save me, but to save the Demon King's soul in my body."

"I didn't know it, I had some sense that he might be a demon, but I was deliberately ignoring it, even turning away from it, knowing how to find him."

"Admit it, I was stupid and weak, and I tried to believe he had my best interests at heart, but I don't anymore, and Reinhardt has saved me from this many times, and now the devil might be after him."

When Charlotte finished, she took a deep breath.

"I don't know if the devil is really behind this, but there's also a demonic cult involved, so I'm going to try and pick up the pieces that I've been deliberately turning a blind eye to, and I'm going to tell you all the secrets because it's not about you, and you're my knight."

Just as Ellen chooses to protect Charlotte regardless of her personal feelings, Charlotte recognizes Ellen as her knight regardless of her personal feelings.

"I don't want to burden Reinhard anymore, he'll try to do everything himself, and after all the times he's helped me, I don't want that anymore, so if you don't mind, I'd like to join you in tracking down the demon. I can't use anyone else, it's a matter of my most sensitive secrets, and I have to do it myself. Of course, there's no guarantee that we'll find out where it is, but something is better than nothing, and I'm going to try to do something about it."

Charlotte stares at Ellen.

"Would you like to join me?"

Investigating the Devil's Clue.

Charlotte attempts to reconnect the links that she has broken, with regret.

As the demon's presence begins to threaten the entire continent, Charlotte realizes that she must do something about it.

If it was his own foolishness that had led to this division, he resolved that he must do something to fulfill his minimum duty as royalty.

It's a clue you've already missed, but it might lead you to something.

"Yeah. Let's do it."

Ellen nods in agreement with Charlotte's suggestion.

If you can reach the demon, you can protect Reinhardt.

There was no reason for Ellen to deny it.





第413季节





Ellen and Charlotte left the temple.

Charlotte had an artifact that cast a cognitive disruption spell, and Ellen was wearing a robe.

I was prepared for the unwanted attention.

As Charlotte walked down the street, she briefly explained to Ellen where she was going.

How he and Reinhardt found a clue while wandering the streets of the Aligarh district, how he delivered a letter to the shopkeeper with Reinhardt acting as his messenger, and how they stopped corresponding after the last letter, when he became convinced he had lost his mind.

And finally, the whole leave the ecliptic thing.

As she spoke, Charlotte realized how much of a problem she had been creating.

If only you had pursued that wizard, if only you had caught that child, if only you hadn't bet on false hope.

If you had killed the demon.

Everything that's happening now would have never happened.

Charlotte realizes in a new way that she is a sinner, not only of the empire, but of all mankind and of the times.

I was letting my approval, my faith, and my tenuous attachment to it grow a cancer that would eat away at my empire.

If it weren't for Reinhardt, he might have awakened as a demon long ago and started another bloodbath.

In a fit of self-pity, Charlotte pours out her heart to Nazik.

"...... You don't understand me, do you?"

"I don't understand your behavior, but I don't know what you've been through."

"......."

Ellen doesn't say that Charlotte's behavior is right or wrong.

Ellen doesn't know how sick Charlotte was, or how awful she felt in the demon castle.

But after a harrowing life of captivity and near death, the boy who saved him.

I wouldn't have suspected it at the time.

Ellen didn't think it was possible to doubt the man who had risked his life to save her in that situation.

Of course, Charlotte's actions also resulted in a missed opportunity to capture the demon.

The boy who saved his life.

If you've tried to believe it all the way to the end, only to discover the truth: you've been taken advantage of.

Ellen could tell that Charlotte must be devastated.

Ellen doesn't know how to be comforting.

However, the truth is that Charlotte's choices are having a very negative impact on the continent and the empire.

"There's no point in beating yourself up."

Up, not up.

That was all Ellen could say.

"......Yes."

For now, we can only hope that we have the tiniest of clues.



* * *



Life goes on, even if the presence of a demon is causing a stir in the world.

The relentless hawking of Aligarh's shopping district was just another in a series of routines that had nothing to do with the Devil.

No, it was the appearance of a demon that was driving the demand for self-defense.

Ellen felt a renewed sense of excitement as she watched the adventurers hit the road.

Though she wasn't serious about being an adventurer, Ellen had seen them in the Darklands with Reinhardt.

Adventurers continued to appear even as the demon threatened the continent.

Charlotte said to Ellen as she walked past the sight.

"They say a labyrinth has been found in the Darklands that may be Richie's tomb."

"Rich?"

"Yes."

Ellen shook her head at the out-of-the-blue richness.

"The labyrinth hasn't been completely breached, but there are adventurers who wandered in there and brought back a few grimoires. I don't know, but they're pretty good. That's why there's quite a commotion."

"Really?"

"If that's all that's been found, and it's not even broken, I wonder what's really inside."

If a spellbook the size of Labyrinth Byproduct can cause an uproar, it's only natural to assume that there are worse spells or artifacts out there.

Charlotte, who had been walking still, suddenly clicked her tongue.

"Tsk, I hope the devil wasn't involved in what happened yesterday."

"What do you mean, yesterday?"

"...... There was a murder inside the palace, which I was also informed of this morning."

Ellen narrowed her eyes at the word murder.

"In the imperial palace......?"

"Yeah, a member of the Ministry of Magic killed the officers, took the grimoire, and got away with it. I don't know if he's just trying to sell it, but....... You don't think it's the devil's stash, do you?"

Charlotte was with Ellen to follow the demon's trail, but the imperial court was in turmoil.

"I wonder if Harriet was investigated too......."

Suddenly, Ellen understood what Herriot and Reinhardt had meant by their serious talk today.

Herriot has been questioned about what happened last night, and that's probably why they're trying to do something.

Where are Reinhardt and Herriot now, and what are they doing?

I hope you're not trying to get into anything dangerous.

Ellen thinks so.

"Were the stolen spellbooks....... were they important?"

"That's my biggest problem right now."

Charlotte says with a narrowed brow.

"You don't know the contents of the stolen grimoire."

"......what?"

For a moment, Ellen had no idea what Charlotte was talking about.

"What do you mean, it was stolen and you don't know what was stolen?"

"They'd been at the palace for less than a day and were gone before we could figure it out."

So they didn't even realize how dangerous the spellbook was.

"Yeah, I should know that."

Charlotte was going to tell Ellen everything about herself. She needed to know all of her secrets so that she could fulfill her role as a knight.

"Those grimoires, I took them from the basement of Demon Castle yesterday."



* * *



Herriot and I left the temple and headed for the palace. I don't know what we can do, but you have to be there to know what happened.

I was wearing a hood in case my face was recognizable, and Harriet was wearing a hood just like me, though I'm not sure why she copied me.

as Dwin.

Why did he steal the spellbook and get away with it?

"Of course it's going to be expensive, right?"

"It's just expensive."

She nodded at my words.

"It is also very difficult for an individual to qualify to own a grimoire. Most wizards can only access or borrow grimoires that are officially published by a large organization, school, association, or guild, and unless you're qualified, you can't access grimoires above a certain rank or level of danger."

Just as enchantments are strictly controlled, grimoires are a strictly controlled system.

"There are a lot of loose spellbooks out there because they're hard to regulate, but spellbooks are basically not something you can buy, even if you have money."

"So it's not something you can easily sell?"

At my words, Harriet glared at me.

"No way."

"...... is hard to buy, but easy to sell?"

"There's no shortage of wizards who want to keep a rare grimoire to themselves. If it's a rare spell, they'll pay a fortune for it, but if it's a very rare spell that's not yet known to the world, it's more likely to contain a new theory or method of manipulating magic than it is to be useful."

It's supposed to be a rare spellbook, but it's a very expensive item. You can't officially have dangerous magic, but you can have it secretly.

Whatever, spellbooks are worth money. Especially if they're rare.

"I don't think it was about the money, ever."

"You said spellbooks make money."

Harriet looks at me, her lips subtly pursed.

What is this scorned feeling?

"If you're a wizard good enough to work in the labs of the Imperial Ministry of Magic, you can make a fortune making copies and selling them. There's no need to steal them."

"......Uh, yeah."

Now that I think about it, it makes sense.

"So I don't think Lothar Dwyn stole the grimoire for the money."

As it turns out, Herriot was right.

If it's about money, why would he steal a grimoire and have a group of murderous thugs inside the empire when there are so many other ways to make it safely?

"That's odd. The pay would be substantial, and the Empire wouldn't use just anybody. I'm sure his identity is clear and he's been vetted......."

I'm sure they're skilled, but they could be trusted, or they could be part of the Imperial Ministry of Magic's research library. He's been killing people and stealing grimoires for reasons we don't know.

If not money, what reason.

Was the magic an end in itself?

Cantus Magna.

I couldn't help but think of that group in my head.

Was he a member of the Cantus Magna?

"Stolen spellbooks, do you know what they are?"

"I don't know, and Lothar Dwyn didn't seem to know, but apparently Richie's grave was found in Fort Darklands the other day. I wonder if that's where they took it from....... Yeah, he seemed curious about where the grimoire came from."

Ritchie's Tomb.

This is a trap designed to lure out Cantus Magna.

From there, the leaked grimoire reached the Imperial Palace, and Lothar Dwyn stole it?

According to Herriot, Lothar Dwin was curious about the source of the grimoire.

That said.

If it's Cantus Magna, it means that information about the Labyrinth of Darklands will reach them.

This means that Cantus Magna may be approaching the Labyrinth.

I thought Harriet was in the middle of something weird, but was it actually something I needed to do?

I'm not sure yet. But if the Rosser-Dwin case has even the slightest connection to the Cantus Magna, I'm going to have to look into it against Herriot's will.



* * *



I'm not yet at the point where my face is a business card. Nor do I want it to be. What I'm going through at the Temple is enough to drive me crazy, but I can't imagine not being recognized anywhere on the continent.

Of course, a coat of arms was a substitute for access to the palace, and Herriot had been shamelessly dropping in and out of the palace.

However, many were barred from entering the palace.

-The Imperial Palace is currently on lockdown.

It's no wonder the entire palace is on edge, as there's been an uprising inside the palace. All but a few nobles and officials who had business in the palace were barred from entering.

The atmosphere inside the palace was just as murderous.

The Ministry of Magic was located in the southern part of the palace, but apparently the entire palace was on high alert, with soldiers and knights scurrying about.

"I'm sure....... because it wasn't normal......."

Her voice quivered slightly with exhaustion as she arrived on the scene.

A simple murder would be one thing, but a murder inside the palace is another. Herriot is not a witness, but she spoke with the killer just yesterday.

As if she's finally realizing what the hell she's getting herself into, Harriet gently grabs the end of my sleeve. As if without realizing it.

"Don't bother, it's not going to happen, let's go to the field."

"ugh, ugh......."

Herriot and I took the tram that runs inside the palace to the location of the Ministry of Magic.

From the central palace tetra, the north was the Spring Palace, home to Charlotte, the east was the Summer Palace, home to members of the imperial family, the south was the ministries responsible for the main business of the empire, and the west was the Winter Palace, home to Bertus.

Our destination was south, but not far.

The southern section of the Imperial Palace, which housed the ministries responsible for the main business of the empire, was lined with massive buildings, and the grandiose Ministry of Magic was one of them.

The massive marble architecture was both massive and elegant.

But now the area was surrounded by a large number of soldiers, and the entrance was blocked by a guard.

In the Imperial Palace, where the atmosphere was already serious, the Ministry of Magic was at its most alert.

"......Is this something I should be doing?"

Herriot said that with a hint of trepidation, as if he thought it was something he shouldn't approach lightly.

"I'm not asking you to do anything, I'm just asking you to explore, so what's the harm?"

At my words, Harriet looked at me blankly and sighed heavily with a dumbfounded expression.

"I hate to say this, but....... Why are you such a hardass?"

When Herriot said that even I, the Grand Duchess, could see such a large number of troops, and you could not see them at all, I had nothing to say.

Really?

Come to think of it, I'm not even used to this stuff.

So you've gone from being a bully to being a hero, and now you're being treated like one?

I've come a long way from when I first fell into this world unknowingly.

"I was born this way."

"You're amazing to watch......."

Herriot followed me cautiously.

Naturally, the Ministry of Magic was the center of the action, so it was bound to get in the way first.

"This area is currently off-limits."

"I'm aware of that, but I don't know if I can......."

"Reinhard? Saint-Thuan......?"

Just as I was about to explain, I heard a voice calling out to me from behind.

The voice is pretty familiar by now.

"What's going on here?"

Bertus had just arrived at the Ministry of Magic with a group of men.





