Episode 414.





Bertus met me at the entrance, a member of the imperial family who had come to investigate an incident inside the palace.

Luckily, without much explanation, Herriot and I were able to get into the locked Ministry building with Bertus.

"You want to investigate?"

"Uh, I'll see what I can do."

At my words, Bertus shook his head, not sure why I would want to get involved in this case.

But then he turned to Harriet, who was standing next to me, and nodded.

"I heard that Saint-Étienne is doing research at the Ministry of Magic. Do you know if......."

"Yeah....... The killer was the reading room attendant I was in."

"...... is it?"

Bertus nodded, as if he hadn't noticed. Bertus narrowed his eyes and sighed.

"That must have been a shock, did you know him or......?"

"No, I wouldn't say we're close....... It's just that we talked about something yesterday....... There was something weird going on yesterday. I spoke to the people at the Imperial Ministry of Magic earlier......."

"Okay, you'll have to listen to that one."

Bertus crosses his arms and glances around the Ministry of Magic.

"It can't hurt to have an extra head to think about, so let's go, shall we?"

Bertus didn't seem to think we could figure anything out, but he allowed us to investigate.



* * *



It seemed that Bertus only came to the Ministry after the events of the night, when it was clear that the Ministry and its environs were safe.

Yesterday, Charlotte was still in her dorm room, and does she know that this happened?

With the entourage Bertus had brought with him, we headed to the Ministry of Magic research library where the incident had taken place.

"I don't mind, but Reinhardt doesn't mind. Are you okay?"

"Me? What......?"

"I need to see the body."

I'm asking you if you can handle the fact that the site will be preserved and you might have to look a little rough around the edges from now on.

"Oh, ugh....... Uh-huh. It's okay."

Herriot looked a little fed up, but nodded as if he could handle it.

Harriet should have a low tolerance for such things, but come to think of it, she'd seen chimeras in Aaron Mede's mansion the last time she'd been there. Even the remains of the countless chimeras Ellen had sliced and diced.

You may not have a tolerance for it, but that doesn't mean you haven't witnessed horror stories.

"Okay, let's go then."

We walked toward the Ministry of Magic research library.

The attendant briefed the incident so that we could hear it as well as Bertus.

"The estimated time of the incident is around 2am last night. The suspect, presumably Lothar Dwyn, attacked the on-call workers, Arjelka, Sadman von Grinthes, and Linnia Wenson, as they were sorting through newly received grimoires. He is believed to have killed all three and then fled with the grimoires."

The research library was underground, even in the Ministry of Magic, and quite deep. The locks were unlocked for now, but it was clear that it was not a place to be entered lightly.

"Current estimates suggest that Rosser-Dwynn holed up in the research library while off duty and targeted the early morning hours when only the on-call staff would be around."

Taking advantage of a time when the research library was minimally staffed, he killed the mages on duty, stole the grimoires, and fled.

"I don't know how the hell they got past this guard."

"......For now."

The attendant nodded at Bertus' words.

While still heavily guarded, the Ministry of Magic's research library was surely well prepared for theft and other problems.

There would have been checkpoints like at the temple gate, and there would have been guards.

When I and Herriot didn't understand, Bertus explained further.

"As for Dwyn, he's the only suspect because he's never clocked out, and there's no record of anyone seeing him leave the Ministry of Magic building, and certainly no record of him leaving the palace."

"......what?"

"So Lothar Dwyn could still be in the palace somewhere, or even hiding somewhere in the Ministry of Magic building."

The words made both me and Harriet swallow hard.

"There's no way he could have used some flimsy camouflage spell or invisibility, we've got all that covered. The problem is, we don't know if Lothar Dwyn is still in the palace, and if so, how he got out."

This incident could have been more dangerous than me and Harriet realized.

"Haha, what are you afraid of?"

Bertus chuckled as me and Harriet looked a little fed up.

"I wouldn't have come myself if the Ministry wasn't safe, would I?"

So we don't have to worry about what's going on inside the Ministry building, Bertus tried to reassure me and Harriet.

"As long as there's a guy who can kill three people in the Ministry of Magic research library and get away with it without getting caught, life is always going to be dangerous."

"You know, if you want to reassure, reassure, and if you want to scare, scare."

"It's just that we don't know anything for sure yet."

"What the hell were you doing?"

"It just is."

I was just having a normal conversation, like in a temple.

I felt the attendants around me looking at me like I was a monster.

Oh, right.

This was the prince, right?

The casualness with which I spoke and the nonchalance with which Bertus accepted it seemed to them like something that couldn't possibly happen in real life.

Right.

Isn't this a friendship between the top 1% and the bottom 1% or something, even if I am the champion of Als?

The deeper you go, the worse it gets.

Anyway, to the horrified admiration of the entourage, we soon arrived at the scene of the crime.

"Suck!"

Herriot's mouth dropped open as soon as he saw the scene.

"I heard about....... I never thought it would be this......."

Frowning, Bertus let out a short sigh.

I knew there would be bodies.

"What is....... this?"

But I didn't expect to find him dead, with his eyeballs gouged out, his fingers and toes hacked off, and his intestines spilling out.

"As we have already reported, all three victims....... were tortured for long periods of time and then killed......."

A quick comment from the attendant explained what was happening on the ground.



* * *



I don't know if you can call it a clue or not, but something along those lines has been added.

As Dwin, he didn't just kill the officers, he tortured all three before killing them.

Why torture?

Herriot covered his mouth as he looked away from the scene, unable to stare at this horrific, devastating scene any longer.

Even I, who had developed a certain tolerance for seeing gruesome things, was nauseated.

"The officers in charge of analyzing the grimoire were all high-ranking mages in the Mage Corps with the combat capabilities of a top-tier Battle Mage, and they were no strangers to combat, having fought in the Demon War."

"They were killed by a bunch of clerks."

"......Yes."

Wizards are a different animal.

As members of the Imperial Mage Corps and veterans of the Demon War, they were at the top of their profession in the world of mages.

And the suspect, Lothar Dwyn, may have been skilled, but he worked in a position that had nothing to do with combat.

"You've been hiding your skills."

This leads us to conclude that it's not that they're incompetent, but that Lothar Dwyn is no ordinary wizard in the first place.

A spy planted by Cantus Magna in the imperial court.

I can't help but lean more and more toward that.

"We suspect that Dwyn was quite dabbling in the dark arts. We found a significant amount of black magic in his body as well as in the atmosphere, though it has since been cleansed."

"Black magic?"

"Yes, the Regenerate family of black magic has a similar effect to healing, and I'm guessing that's what you used."

At the mention of healing, Bertus shook his head.

"Healing....... Oh, no."

Bertus looks at the dead bodies.

"It looks like you drove him to the brink of death, then forced him to regenerate and torture him again."

"Nonsense......."

Bertus's words made Herriot's lips turn blue and she shuddered.

"Black magic's regeneration spells are meant to make the fish electron feel a great deal of pain in exchange for a powerful regenerative effect. You can think of it as a way of equivalently substituting pain for healing."

"Magic for torture rather than healing."

"Yes, I know, it's actually a spell created for that purpose."

I thought only priests practiced torture like that, but apparently warlocks use the healing process itself to inflict even more pain.

It was chilling to hear. Herriot shuddered at the idea of the dead being tortured, then forcibly reanimated, then tortured again.

I could see the emotion in Herriot's eyes.

Anger.

Beyond her grief and horror, Harriet was furious at Dwyn for doing this to her.

"If the grimoire was the goal, they would have just killed them. What the hell were they trying to find out by torturing them......."

"I....... I know......."

Herriot answered Bertus's question.

Dwin's last conversation with Herriot before committing the crime was apparently with Dwin. He's gone, and she's baffled, though she does give an explanation to investigators.

"The source of the stolen spellbooks. I'm sure he was trying to figure that out......."

But when she saw the torture scene, she thought she had a clearer idea of what Lothar Dwyn really wanted.



* * *



Ellen and Charlotte walked through the Aligarh shopping district and soon arrived at their destination.

"This is it, if I remember correctly."

A ramshackle shop that could have reached the boy who saved him.

"Looks like no one's here."

"I suppose."

It had already been closed for quite some time. As the Demon King rose to prominence, so did the owner of the scroll shop.

-rattle, rattle

Ellen approached the door and tugged on the doorknob, but sure enough, the door was locked.

Charlotte mumbles to herself.

"I'm sure there's not much to see inside......."

"I suppose."

Once, Charlotte had forced the door open. But now it would be difficult to find any trace of the dead, vaporized man.

Charlotte knew she wasn't going to get much out of the only clue she could find. But it was one thing to think so, and quite another to realize it.

Too late.

If only I had gone to the Demon Castle sooner. If only I had known the truth sooner.

If only I'd been a little more venomous and grabbed the store owner and questioned him.

If that were the case, the world wouldn't need heroes, and Ellen and Reinhardt wouldn't be in such danger.

Funny, though.

The presence of the demon is still keeping Charlotte alive.

The presence of the Devil has made people feel the need for a hero, and that's why Reinhardt and Ellen feel secure in their support of Charlotte.

Had the times not been so suspicious and bleak, the world would have been less favorable to the owners of the relics. The position of the heroes would not be as great, and Charlotte would not be able to rely on their protection to ensure her survival.

In the end, the Devil is still somehow the driving force behind Charlotte's life.

Ellen shook her head at the shop door, which was firmly closed.

"But why don't we break it in, just in case?"

Without even asking the landlord's opinion, Ellen said nonchalantly. Of course, they could just pay for the repairs later.

"Yeah, I've come this far, no reason not to check......."

"Ladies, that place went out of business a long time ago."

Behind them, someone spoke.

Charlotte turned her head, and there was a bushy-bearded middle-aged man in an apron.

There's nothing to be found in an empty store. But it's not over yet, and there's no reason to give up.

'Yeah....... That's right.'

"Did you know the owner of this store?"

"Hmm? I've seen it here and there."

We were left with one last resort: probing.

"By any chance, can I talk to you for a minute?"

Trying to grasp at straws.

And then Charlotte found the straw.





