Episode 415.





A middle-aged man who runs a weapons shop introduced himself as Raldren.

Aligarh's merchants don't spend their time on things that don't pay, but Raldren brought Ellen and Charlotte to his weapons shop for a chat without even asking for money.

"Elena wasn't much of a social butterfly, but she was a sweetheart, always wishing me a good morning, a good lunch, a good dinner. She'd wish you a happy day."

The store owner's name, Elena.

While Charlotte knew this information, it was new to Ellen.

"There were quite a few of them that bothered her, not to mention the younger ones, and there were some that were killing old men for not selling their wares. You should know the subject. This is not to be discussed in public, but there was a fellow over here named Swinton that bothered her to no end. He's got a wife."

"Oh....... Well, is it......."

"You're a bad person."

Charlotte broke out in a cold sweat at the unnecessary overload of information, and Ellen muttered something short. It was a short but murderous sentiment.

Charlotte knew that Elena didn't have a very close relationship with people.

Elena was friendly to everyone, but she never developed more than a passing acquaintance with anyone.

"He wasn't meant to be in business. He was too soft-hearted." ....... You know how Aligarh can be a little rough with his customers? He doesn't know how to do that, and he seems to undercut them. I wonder if that's how he makes his living......."

Charlotte already knew most of that, so this information was only new to Ellen.

She's been in business for so long that she can't make a profit from it, so what's the point of being a merchant? I used to think she was an agent of the Emperor with ulterior motives, but now I think differently.

The conclusion is that the demon has come to ask for help from a Darkland spy infiltrating the ecliptic, and Elena has hidden her lord in a safe place.

It wasn't a chance encounter, it was planned.

Charlotte had always known that Elena was a Darkland spy.

"But he did seem to have quite the pulpit."

"The pulpit?"

"I mean, there were all these guys flirting with me, and I never got hit on, and they all went home looking like they'd been punished, and Mr. Swinton got his ass kicked pretty hard, too, and he didn't go anywhere afterward."

There were many men who hit on Elena, but they all walked away as if they had been punished.

"She said she had a boyfriend.

Charlotte once found a lock of blonde hair on Elena's bed when she was searching her shop. When asked whose hair it was, she said it was her boyfriend's because it was so different from Elena's hair color.

But in hindsight, Elena didn't have a deep relationship with anyone.

So the boyfriend thing is a lie. An agent on an important mission to infiltrate the ecliptic is not likely to be romantically involved.

Therefore, the blonde hair must have belonged to someone other than her boyfriend.

Not the Devil. Charlotte's hair was more of a reddish-brown color than blonde.

But if it's a disguise, it's not too far-fetched to think that the hair on the bed belongs to the devil.

I thought I was going to be living in a remote area off the ecliptic, but was I really living on the second floor of a ramshackle store on the ecliptic?

Blonde is not a very common hair color, so it was difficult to identify it based on that alone.

"It was a bit of a bummer, by the way. I didn't think he'd just disappear without saying goodbye............. The landlord was happy that the tenant left all his stuff in place, because he didn't want it to go to waste."

"Oh, I see......."

With the Demon rising to prominence, it was only natural that Elena would leave. After all, Charlotte and Reinhardt had a clear picture of the alleged demon's whereabouts.

Raldren glanced around, then looked at Charlotte.

"I'm the only one who knows this."

"Ah. What do you have?"

"You know, Elena, it's actually....... I don't think she likes younger guys."

"......Yes?"

It sounded so out of place that Charlotte blanched and Ellen shook her head.

"No....... There was this one guy who would come by from time to time. He looks like a parasitic oraby, and he sings as much as his hair. That's how I feel about him. He looks like he's gonna make the girls cry."

"......."

"......."

Naturally, Ellen and Charlotte's eyes met.

I thought I knew who he was talking about.

I couldn't help but realize that he was talking about Reinhardt.

Reinhardt had been in and out of the shop as Charlotte's messenger in the first place, so it's not surprising that Raldren, the shopkeeper next door, would remember him.

"All the guys who come in for the purpose of collecting usually go home with their asses kicked, and he didn't look like he was doing that, but brazenly coming in? I'm telling you, cancer."

Elena, who was nice to everyone but never gave her heart to anyone, must have had secret tastes, Raldren seemed to conclude.

Charlotte knows it's a big mistake, and Ellen knows the middle-aged furball is saying something strange because she's heard it from Charlotte.

Reinhard hadn't been to Eleris's shop since Charlotte told him he could stop delivering her letters. The next time would be when Charlotte offered to tell the wizard to run away when she was torn between Reinhard and the devil.

The devil can't be that much of a threat, Reinhardt had said, so just run away.

He said he'd take care of it later.

So that's where Charlotte's guilt comes from.

I should have told him to stop being indecisive and grab Elena.

In the end, no new information was gained, and Charlotte had to see that every decision she made had negative consequences for everyone.

Charlotte is about to leave when she realizes that there's nothing new to learn, and that probing would be pointless if it was all already known.

"But I wonder if it's because of him that Elena closed her business and went off somewhere."

"Is that ......?"

Another sound from Raldren's mouth made Charlotte pause.

Of course, Elena probably heeded Reinhardt's warning and left the ecliptic.

But how can he think that if he hasn't heard your secret story?

"What kind of girl did he bring home last time?"

Woman.

At that, both Charlotte and Ellen fell silent.

"I think she's the girl I go to temple with, judging by the way she's dressed. Apparently I have a new girlfriend now, so that's that. I wonder if I said something like this, and that's why Elena left because she was hurt."

What kind of bizarre delusions and speculation is this?

Both Ellen and Charlotte were puzzled, but they did get a strange piece of information.

Reinhardt came to Elena's shop with a woman in a Temple uniform.

We don't know who they brought or what they talked about.

"Both men and women had a look on their faces that said they were determined to do something. I guess that's why Elena went out of business not long after that. Anyway, that yellow-haired guy. He's been hitting on me since the first time I saw him."

I don't know much about Reinhardt, but Raldren's comment that he's probably a dirty bastard because he has a dirty first impression is kind of true.

Of course, I'm pretty sure that guess is almost always wrong, but at the end of the day, facts are facts.

For Reinhardt, Elena's store would never have been the place to bring someone, but he did.

Normally, Reinhardt would have kept a low profile after Elise saved his subterranean room.

But Reinhardt's visit to Eleris's shop with Radia Schmidt was an emergency, and he wasn't in a position to take such precautions.

That left a trail.

"Do you remember the description of the woman who came with you, and when was that?"

At Charlotte's question, Raldren shakes his head.

"First of all, she had dark hair, I think, and she had weird eyes, I should say creepy. Like, not quite normal....... I guess that's why it's so memorable......."

He narrowed his eyes, as if remembering something.

"Yeah. I remember the next day, there was a big fuss about the demon. Paladins were slaughtered. It was a big deal, I remember."

"......."

"......."

On the day of the demon attack, Reinhardt came to Elena's shop with a girl from the Temple.

And the store's owner is closely associated with the supposed devil.

Who is the woman Reinhard brought with him. Why Reinhard was looking for Elena.

Ellen and Charlotte's eyes met.

"......."

"......."

They didn't say anything.

No, I couldn't say anything.



* * *



At the end of her investigation, Charlotte made her case to Raldren.

Why do you ask?" was the answer to Raldren's question. Raldren took the gold coin, nodded as if he understood what it meant, and asked no more questions.

"......."

"......."

Charlotte and Ellen's minds are filled with strange visions.

Overthinking is also a problem.

And both Ellen and Charlotte have enough flashes of brilliance to play out the situation in their heads.

Chronologically, the first time Charlotte tells Reinhard that she'll forget about the demon is after Leviathan is killed.

But Reinhardt went to visit Elena on the day of the attack.

There was no reason for Reinhardt to visit Elena now that the letter had been delivered.

It is certainly possible that Reinhard could have visited Elena in private. It's not impossible that Reinhard could have had a private conversation with Elena and become intimate with her, rather than just acting as a messenger for the letter.

But isn't it a bit odd for Reinhardt to meet with Elena in private, knowing that she and the person she's protecting are highly suspicious?

Oddly enough, he even took a woman with him to the temple.

And on that very day, they raided Levereer Ranch.

Elena is a mage.

And Charlotte knows that the Devil's forces include powerful wizards.

Unless there is another wizard, it is very likely that Elena is the wizard.

Reinhardt brought a Temple girl to Elena's shop, and Elena participated in the raid on the Leverier Ranché that night.

And.

The day of the raid on Levereer Ranch.

It was the day of the Miss Temple contest. Reinhardt did not attend the Miss Temple pageant.

It was a painful memory that Ellen held close to her heart, and Charlotte knew that.

Ellen rummages through her memory.

Reinhardt returned to the temple very late, his cheeks and hands frozen, unable to move.

Recall the Reinhardt of the day.

"Ellen."

Charlotte calls out to Ellen.

"Yes."

They both run through the numbers in their heads.

"We shouldn't say anything until we know for sure."

"......."

"Until we know for sure, let's not think about it."

We don't know where we'll end up after all that reasoning, but we do know what we see beyond the veil of darkness.

Somehow.

The truth seemed almost too much to bear, so they stopped thinking about it.

"Sure. Let's do it."

Ellen said that Nazik said.





