Episode 418.





As Dwin, he never left the Ministry of Magic or the ecliptic.

It was almost a given that he would have used the Ministry of Magic's warp gate research facility to escape.

Of course, that's not a sure thing, so the Imperial Palace and Ministry of Magic are on high alert.

Bertus, Herriot, and I left the Ministry of Magic building. The entourage followed at a distance, and we walked in silence through the palace.

Herriot was still frozen by the realization that he had unwittingly helped a criminal escape.

"We're searching Dwyn's home, but he wouldn't have left anything behind that could be used as evidence....... And even if we don't know his true level as a mage, if he escaped, it's virtually impossible to catch him."

concludes that if Dwin left the palace last night, it is impossible to trace him.

Bertus looked very uncomfortable, and rightly so.

It's happening inside the palace, and they can't catch the culprit.

"I may not have caught him, but I was able to figure out a few things."

Bertus deduces the truth from the events that did and did not happen.

"He did this for the grimoire, not for the grimoire itself, if Saint-Thuan is to be believed."

"......Yes."

Dwyn was more curious about the source of the grimoire than the spellbook.

"But the victimized mages didn't know where the grimoire came from, and importantly, the people who were most likely to know where it came from couldn't raid it."

The only person who had the confidence to escape the Ministry, but who might know where the grimoire came from.

In other words, you haven't touched the emperor.

So, as good as Dwin is, he's not good enough to single-handedly break the Tetra. Of course, where would someone like that be?

"I can't believe someone like that has managed to sneak into the Imperial Palace....... If he's one of the Devil's minions, I'm going to be in trouble."

Bertus was silent for a moment, lost in thought. Of course, there is no connection between Lothar Dwyn and I, but when something suspicious happens in the Empire, it is inevitable that it could be the work of a demon.

"I hope you don't mind me asking, but....... Where did you get that spellbook, actually?"

"Oh, that."

as the crucial reason why Dwin murdered people.

"I don't know about that."

Bertus doesn't know.

"All I know is that Charlotte got it from somewhere."

With that, I couldn't help but realize where the spellbook was coming from.

I thought the adventurers had gotten it from Richie's tomb, but it turns out that Charlotte got it from the basement of the Demon Castle.

"Wait, doesn't that mean Charlotte is in danger?"

Bertus shrugged at my nervous question.

"Well, very few people know that the stolen grimoire was taken by Charlotte, and none of the people who died yesterday."

Fortunately, Lothar Dwyn is unable to discover the source of the grimoire, and is forced to flee the palace, leaving Charlotte in his wake.

"From what I've heard, it's likely that he thinks Ritchie's tomb is the source of the grimoire. I don't know why, but....... If he really wanted to know where the grimoire came from, he might have gone there."

Bertus looks at me with a subtle smile.

"And, Reinhard, you somehow seem to know the true source of the spellbook."

"......."

"Well, I'm not going to force it."

I could have lied, but I knew it wouldn't work with Bertus.

As Bertus says, Dwyn would have fled the palace without ever discovering the true source of the grimoire.

If so, Charlotte is not in danger.

If Dwyn was right about Cantus Magna, they would soon be approaching Reach's tomb in the Darklands.

They want a large collection of rare grimoires, and they're going to assume that the real source is Richie's tomb, not the basement of Demon City.

Of course, even if the true source is not there, the rumor that rare grimoires are being found in Lich's tomb is enough for Cantus Magna to approach it.

Something is coming.

What kind of reality will this gut-wrenching warning become, and what kind of reality will it be?

I couldn't figure it out.

And.

-Charge!

In the distance, someone was running, panting, with an urgent messenger. The messenger, who had raced to our location in the nick of time, whispered something to Bertus with an urgent look on his face.

Bertus's brow furrowed grimly as he listened.

"......What is it, are you sure?"

"Yes, Your Highness."

Bertus chewed on his lip as Harriet and I glared at him.

I wasn't sure if I was stunned or angry. Probably a little bit of both.

"Apparently, there's a secret room in Lothar Dwin's house, and I just discovered it."

Secret Room.

Was there any evidence there?

"But the stolen spellbooks are just sitting there?"

"What?"

"...... Why?"

"What the fuck are you doing?"

Bertus cursed at this incomprehensible situation.



* * *



Bertus, Herriot, and I left the palace.

Bertus wanted to check it out for himself, and so did I.

"......."

"What is this......."

"You know, really......."

and entered the secret chamber in Dwynn's home to find numerous spellbooks strewn across the floor.

It was a lot of stuff. It was too much for Charlotte to have brought on her own, so I wondered if she had a magic backpack.

it's clear that Dwin stole the spellbook and escaped the palace.

Most importantly, he's gone, leaving the stolen grimoires in a secret room.

I'm pretty sure I've read all the books, because they're all laid out in front of me.

More importantly, if he was Cantus Magna, he'd need a spellbook, so why the hell would he throw it away?

Did you memorize it well enough to make a new copy?

"You wouldn't have thought this room would go undiscovered......."

"I suppose."

Bertus nodded at Herriot's words. He couldn't have trusted the secret chamber and left it like this. It would have been discovered so quickly.

Bertus's face was set in a grim line.

Why and for what reason.

It was the same for me.

The creature, presumably Cantus Magna, threw down the grimoire and evaporated.

Of course, the grimoire itself may not be important to the Cantus Magna. They may have specialized devices for recording and remembering magic.

But one thing's for sure.

The scattered spellbooks suggest that Lothar Dwyn was in a hurry.

"I think he went to Richie's grave."

Bertus and Harriet nodded at my words.

If Herriot was right, Lothar Dwyn was still curious about the grimoire's provenance, and if it was the provenance that mattered, not the grimoire, then it was very possible that he was heading to Ritchie's tomb with the wrong information.

Now that you have these scrolls, do you think you'll be the one to take them before someone else breaks through Richie's Tomb?

If Cantus Magna's full force is directed at Lich's tomb, the fight may not be enough for Antrianus and the Black Order inside the dungeon.

Bertus grinds his teeth until they make a sound.

"Yeah, I'd love nothing more than to find out what's in that rumored tomb of Richie's, and maybe even get a piece of the motherfucker who had the audacity to mess with the imperial court."

Bertus calls out to the entourage waiting outside the secret chamber.

"Summon Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages!"

The outraged cry of the First Prince rang out.

Following Cantus Magna, the Empire's finest are headed to the Tomb of the Reach.

This was getting out of hand. Bertus looks at me thoughtfully.

"Reinhardt."

"Uh."

"You go, too."

I thought he was going to exclude me, but Bertus' judgment was not what I expected.

"Capturing a suspect in an assassination within the Imperial Palace and breaking through Ritchie's Tomb is a feat for a rookie warrior."

Bertus is making a judgment call to take advantage of the situation to the extreme. He's thinking about how to make the best out of a crisis.

For the deeds of a warrior.

I personally couldn't come up with a good enough reason to go there either.

"Yeah."

Bertus nodded at my answer.

"Me, too!"

Then, a restless Herriot interrupted.

"I want to....... I want to go to......."

Despite her fears, she felt responsible for the situation. Even I was going, and it was natural for her to want to come along.

Bertus stares at Herriot.

After all, Bertus doesn't want me to grab Dwyne and run through Richie's Tomb myself.

Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages will do the bulk of the work, and I'll have a foot in the door.

It's unlikely that I'm in any real danger.

"Sure, if that's what you want."

That's why Bertus granted the request, without disparaging or dismissing Herriot's courage.



* * *



Bertus ordered me and Herriot to join the Imperial elite as they made their way to Reach's tomb.

However, they could not depart immediately, as they needed to be assembled and prepared. The Shanapelle knights and imperial mages are not permanently stationed at the palace, but are often dispatched on various missions, so it takes time to assemble them.

At least one day.

You have one day left.

As such, Herriot and I have decided to return to the temple to regroup. Bertus will return to the palace to discuss this matter with the Emperor.

It was clear that this was going to be an overly dangerous fight.

I join for the achievement of a new warrior, and Herriot joins because he feels responsible for the situation.

And I had to get the news to Lucinil as soon as possible.

Cantus Magna will come, but it will be with the full force of the Empire.

Herriot's expression was grave.

"It must be dangerous, right?"

Silent, Herriot could only say.

"Dangerous, of course."

"......."

"Not us, they'll be there."

"......?"

Herriot chirped at my ramblings.

"No, of course not, we'll have the Imperial Mage Corps swarming with Archmages, and Shanapels full of Swordmasters moving around us, so what's the danger to us, the danger to the people we'll encounter?"

That's the problem, now.

The Empire's finest, clearly out of their depth in the Labyrinth, are about to crush their few remaining subordinates and allies!

We don't have to worry about it, you do!

"Is that how it works......?"

"Sure. So we'll just watch from a distance and be done with it."

Here's the thing.

Then it's very likely that it will be the Imperials, not me.

If so, it's impossible for me to get the information.

I obeyed Bertus' order to follow him, just in case there was a way.

I don't know how to do this.

We are in no danger. I believe that no matter how many mages there are in Cantus Magna, they can't hold a candle to the Empire's finest.

For now, I had to get back to the template and tell the story quickly.



* * *



The clues were plentiful.

But Charlotte suddenly said to Ellen.

Today.

Let's call it a day.

Let's go back to the templates and clear our heads.

Fear and dread flashed in Charlotte's eyes.

You don't want to find out you've done something irreversible.

Desperate for it to remain a possibility.

Ellen and Charlotte felt the same mixed emotions. Knowing what each other was feeling, Ellen and Charlotte decided to take that final, decisive step, at least for now.

Stone statue of Lelia, or Elena, in the castle of Epiax.

They planned to go there tomorrow.

After returning to the temple, Ellen and Charlotte returned to their respective dorms.

Even if you try not to think about it, you'll still hear it.

However, we're not sure of anything yet, so we don't want to commit to anything.

Until something is confirmed and you are convinced, nothing happens.

Even though you're afraid of the unknown.

So Ellen missed Reinhard.

There's no stopping it, so Charlotte and Ellen have to find out more. And they will find out something more.

So now.

Unless, of course, it turns out that it's all just a misunderstanding and an illusion.

So.

Now.

-Smart

Ellen knocked on Reinhardt's door.

I've seen him out with Harriet, so maybe he hasn't returned to the Temple yet, and I wonder when he will. I turn to walk away.

-delay

"......."

"......."

Reinhardt, looking a little gaunt, cautiously opened the door.

"Why? Training? I can't do it today......."

Reinhard was not feeling up to training today. Ellen looked at Reinhardt's face, and a jumble of thoughts raced through her mind.

Ellen wants to ask something right away, but she's afraid it might change something irrevocably, so she decides not to.

"Can I come in?"

Reinhardt was a little taken aback by Ellen's comment, but he opened the door as if it were no big deal.

Room A-11. Upon entering Reinhardt's room, Ellen sits down on Reinhardt's bed.

Reinhardt seemed to recognize Ellen's look, and sat down in the chair in front of his desk.

"Here."

"......?"

-Taktak

Ellen slapped her palm against the bed next to her.

"Can't I sit here?"

At Ellen's words, Reinhardt seemed to stutter a bit, then rose from his chair and sat down next to Ellen.

Ellen said nothing for a moment, staring blankly ahead.

What Reinhardt hasn't been able to tell us, what they really were.

With the balloon inflated to the limit and about to burst, Ellen and Charlotte stopped blowing it up.

A little more.

It's a balloon that's about to burst with one more breath.

Hence this brief moment.

It's before the balloon bursts, so we can still be together.

The questions are many.

Why are you so helpful to everyone, and why are you as sweet as you are tough.

Have you taken good care of it.

So maybe not, Ellen still believes.

The faith in Reinhardt is still strong.

Ellen says, wiggling her fingers.

"What did you do today? I heard something happened at the imperial palace....... happened at the palace."

I've seen Harriet and Temple leave, and I've heard from Charlotte, so I have a general idea of what Reinhardt has been up to today.

"I think Harriet might be involved in that, see if you can find out anything....... We went around a bit."

Yes.

Like this.

Reinhardt, who always cares and looks out for everyone, wouldn't do that.

If that were the case, there would be no reason for Reinhardt to try, try, try. He's not Reinhardt, because he doesn't do things for no reason.

What Reinhardt thinks is suspicious is probably just an illusion created by coincidental circumstances.

"Did you figure something out?"

"I don't think there's much more we could have gleaned from it, since we have ....... Well, maybe what Harriet knew was a hint, and......."

"I see."

What I did today.

What you're going to do tomorrow.

What you're eating tonight.

We've talked about a lot of things that don't matter.

Forever.

I've always wanted to do that.

Ellen turns to Reinhard. Reinhardt meets Ellen's gaze, a little falteringly.

Reinhardt is Reinhardt.

And Ellen is Ellen.

They may still be that way to each other.

"Reinhardt."

"......."

So while we're still each other.

Ellen wanted to do something she could only do now, something she wouldn't be able to do later.

Ellen carefully hugged Reinhardt's neck.





"!"

I kissed him right back.

Ellen could feel Reinhardt's body go rigid in her embrace.

After a kiss that seemed like an eternity.

"Sorry......."

Ellen parted her slightly moistened lips and apologized.

Reinhardt's eyes widened, more surprised at Ellen's abrupt behavior than embarrassed.

"If it's not now, I don't think I ever will......."

With that, he left Reinhardt's room.





