Episode 425.





"We have to run!"

Elise cried out as if she were having a seizure, and I, the Archduke, and Herriot came to our senses.

Yes, run.

If any of those meteors were seriously large, we'd have to worry about a planetary-scale catastrophe. But even if they weren't that big, it was clear that a catastrophe of epic proportions was going to sweep through the area.

If you were to flee, where would you go and how.

You can't use long-distance spatial travel because of the disruption, and even if you could, the casting time doesn't allow for it. Hundreds of fiery meteors raining down from the sky, scorching the earth, and how can you avoid them?

Can a barrier protect us from the shockwave of a meteorite fall?

Herriot gritted his teeth.

Like you don't know what to do or how to do it, but you need to do something.

Herriot's entire body begins to glow with blue energy.

Yes, casting magic as quickly as possible in a time-sensitive situation is something only Herriot could do.

But what can you do in this situation?

-Woof!

Herriot's amulet around her neck, as well as the numerous runes, was radiating a fierce light.

-chirp

Not one, but five power cartridges.

They were all radiating fierce magic, replenishing Herriot's energy.

Spatial travel is not possible? Can we use power cartridges if we have them? Are you trying to unbind us and use mass teleportation on the fly to move us to the outskirts?

-Woof!

I watched as the brightest of the hundreds of meteors suddenly disappeared.

I could clearly see a large circular crack in the meteor's fall trajectory.

Herriot opened a meteor-sized portal in the meteor's fall path, blowing it away.

A meteor has been extinguished.

"ugh......."

Herriot grits his teeth, breaks into a cold sweat, and casts his spell.

The largest meteor disappeared, followed by hundreds of other meteors, each one losing its light and disappearing.

Herriot creates a portal in the expanse.

Not by enduring the impact of a meteor, but by blowing it away somewhere.

One by one, then dozens by dozens, the meteors disappear without ever touching the ground.

The falling trajectories of hundreds of meteor bundles opened a portal there in the calculations.

The overwhelming magic of destruction, and the calculated genius of countering it.

I realized I was making too much fun of the greatest genius in the history of magic.

If we run away, everyone in this room is exposed to that meteor.

Someone will die, and some of them will be innocent.

Herriot was going to save everyone from disaster.

Mastery of dimensional statements through study.

Applying this, Herriot came up with the idea of erasing attacks instead of absorbing them, and was putting it into practice.

I, Elise, and the Archduke watched in disbelief as Herriot single-handedly erased the great scourge.

"ugh......."

However, Heriot's mana is not infinite.

Even with the help of the power cartridges, the portals to be opened were hundreds of units in size, and even with the falling meteors being blown away, even a genius's calculations had their limits.

-Thump! Koo-koo-koo!

Not only was a meteor or two falling to the ground that had escaped Herriot's calculations, but the power cartridges hanging from the necklace she wore were also losing their glow, one by one.

One by one, the far-field cartridges lose their light, just like a battery dying.

Realizing what was going on, the Archduke put a hand on Herriot's shoulder.

Mages can use siphon mana to replenish their mana. Just like Ellerys did in the Darklands when she replenished Ellen's depleted mana.

The Archduke shares his mana with his daughter, who is doing something outside of her limits.

Even that won't be easy.

You use your own mana, the mana in your power cartridges, and the mana of the Archduke, which is replenished in real time.

But Herriot is doing it.

Gritting her teeth, Herriot stares into the night sky and uses her replenished mana to open a portal to clear the meteor shower.

The scale of the task was so great that even with the support of the Archduke's mana, it would be limited.

"Send me....... to that child......."

Elise said it weakly, and without further ado, I scooped her up and walked over to Harriet's side.

Elise puts her hand on Herriot's shoulder and does the same thing as the Archduke. Herriot has no time to panic. Her head must be exploding from all she has to do right now.

-Woof!

Enveloped in blue light, Herriot begins to erase the meteor.

With the two archmages' powers replenished, Herriot began opening and closing dozens of portals in an instant. The meteors that poured from the rift were now dissipating without even touching the ground.

What a hellish amount of time has passed.

-currrrrr

When the cracks in the night sky disappeared like a lie, and the meteors that poured out of them were all gone.

"Ha, ha....... I did it, I did it....... I did it......."

"Long live my daughter."

A cold sweaty Herriot slumped to the ground, and the Archduke, similarly close to mana depletion, slumped to the ground, hugging Herriot.

With the exception of a few, none of the meteors hit the ground directly.

Eleris stared at the exhausted Herriot, wide-eyed, wondering if he couldn't understand what was going on, even with her help.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen, once obsessed with casting fireballs at orcs, has now saved us all from disaster.

I didn't save Herriot.

Herriot saved the day.

It was Herriot who fulfilled my wish that no one in the Empire, no one in my faction, die.

Huge moons appeared and disappeared, meteors rained down and disappeared.

Luna Artorius is back, but it doesn't make sense if the caster of this spell can continue the battle.

So, it seemed like the battle was just about over.



* * *



The battle had virtually stopped when the skies opened up and meteors began to rain down.

When the mythical, godlike magic was cast, both the Council and the Black Order, as well as the Imperial Army, mounted massive defenses.

Everyone was nervous, darkened by the overwhelming, vast magic.

There was no way they could survive not one, but hundreds of meteors sweeping across the land.

However, the meteors were dispersed by a mysterious mage.

And the mage who cast a massive meteor summon with the intention of killing everyone in the room.

In return for casting such magic, Akrich was reduced to an empty shell, lying on the ground.

It was a spell cast by a man who had lived a long time and amassed a great deal of knowledge and magic, and who wished for the destruction of all things.

The power of Akriti to cast magic that no mere mortal, or even near-immortal, can cast is something that needs no introduction.

However, it was destroyed.

By the hands of a wizard not yet twenty years old.

"Hmph, hmph....... Heh, heh, heh......."

As such, Akrich lost all energy and could only let out a low, raspy laugh.

Sensing that the great upheaval was over, the Demonic and Imperial forces also lifted their barriers.

The two groups faced each other in the middle of the battlefield, with Akrich in the center.

They clashed because they couldn't tell Pia apart, but Saviolin Tana knows that Akrich was the key to this fight.

She was expecting to die, too, and her fright didn't quite calm her nerves.

From the murders in the palace, we knew something bad was going on, but everything Tana encountered here was new to her.

Akriti.

Vampire hordes.

The moon becoming bizarrely huge.

And meteors from a shattered night sky.

Even Tana, who had been through the whole prenatal process, was stunned by what was happening. How many times can one thing happen in a single night that will be the story of someone's life?

'It's too dangerous....... 'This place, it's too dangerous.

If all the troops in this position die, the empire loses more than half its power.

This meant that every single knight and mage in the Empire was a vital part of its power.

After summoning the meteor, Akrich was incapacitated, but a group of unidentified vampires remained.

Fortunately or unfortunately, the vampires and robes were prioritizing their attack on the Akrich, not the Imperials.

And because they were so skilled, there were no casualties other than minor injuries. It was intense, but everyone was fighting carefully.

Every knight or mage in the room knew that if they died or were injured, they were damaging the empire.

Saviolin Tana doesn't know how Akrich's meteor broke up.

However, this is not a response from the Empire.

If that's what they did.

Dealing with them is taking too much risk.

We couldn't afford to lose the Empire's greatest power for nothing in an unprepared fight against beings we didn't know.

"He's a traitor to the Empire and a priority criminal suspect. I will not pursue you if you leave quietly. Stand down."

However, the command is not a command.

Saviolin Tana was ordered to capture Dwyn as a lothario.

So we need to grab Dwin as .

"I'm not even going to ask who you are or what you do."

It was very possible that they were of the Devil's clan, but Saviolin Tana made as many concessions as she could. If they were demons, she couldn't figure out why they were after Akrich.

No, they were here because he came to them, and they were here.

Why?

Saviolin Tana didn't answer her questions, she only raised more questions.

Among the vampires, an elderly man in a suit stood at the front, cane in hand.

He was an old vampire, his bowler hat and collar untouched by dirt in the midst of a vicious and violent battle.

The old vampire stares at the fallen Akrich.

"Lukren."

He paid no attention to Saviolin Tana. The old man stared at the fallen Akrichman.

"Have you come all this way to show off your mastery of mythical magic?"

The old gentleman shakes his head.

"It's amazing magic, but it's been thwarted, and even if it hadn't been thwarted, why would you do something like this that would only result in you blowing up with us?"

Antirrhinus struggled, as if he didn't truly understand the situation.

"Antirrhinus......."

The fallen Akrich speaks in a cracked voice.

"Do you want to have Akasha......?"

At that, Antirrhinus smiled.





