Episode 426.





"Oooh Lukren, have you finally found the heart to tell me what Akasha is?"

"Hehe....... Hmph....... Yes, Antirrhinus. You know nothing....... You know nothing......."

A low chuckle escapes Akrich, who has lost the ability to continue fighting. Akrich speaks from his fallen position.

"I will give you Akasha, Antirrhinus."

"......."

"Help me."

The smile on Antrian's face deepened at Akrich's words.

-Antirrhinus.

-You don't have other ideas, do you?

Saviolin Tana was listening to the conversation between them.

It was clear that something was being said, and it was something that only they knew.

You don't need to intervene first. Just listening to the story is informative.

She watched the spectacle as she ordered her allies to stand by with a call to arms.

There were so many unknowns.

But Akasha.

That hit Tana hard.

And there was a stirring on the vampire side.

To Tana, the man called Antrianus did not seem to have the trust of his allies. The old man's smile deepens, and the vampire slowly approaches Akrich.

"Lukren, what's my number?"

Antirrhinus squats in front of Akrich and whispers in his ear.

"I asked what the heck Akasha does, I didn't ask for it."

"......."

"Didn't you say that before? I never asked for Akasha. I asked what it did. No one could tell me, so I ended up buying it."

"......."

"Curiosity drives people crazy."

Akrich didn't have an answer for a long time.

"Akasha is....... that can make you a god."

"God?"

"Yes, god. With the Akasha, you can become a god. Antirrhinus, you and I will be gods."

At Akrich's words, Antirrhinus rose from his seat.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa....... Hoo-hoo. Shin. God....... Heh, heh, heh......."

An old man begins to laugh with his mouth covered, as if he were on the verge of mania. Everyone stares at the bizarre conversation.

"hhhhhhh......."

"Hmph......."

"......."

"......."

Tuk.

for example.

The old man stopped laughing and his expression turned grim.

"I didn't realize it was such a boring thing."

The old man's face was filled with disappointment, as if he was not at all interested in Akasha's identity.

However, a small smile soon appears on the disappointed old man's face.

"But boring things can also be fun things, depending on how you use them."

-Antirrhinus!

-Dude! What are you trying to do!

"Lukren, I'll take Akasha."

The vast expanse of teleportation shielding makes teleportation magic impossible. Nor can you easily outrun your pursuers.

Still, there are ways to beat them.

"You think you can get away with it, vampire."

Antony smiles at Saviolin Tana's words.

"Maybe I should have thought of a way to do that."

The old man stretches out his hand, and suddenly a huge sheet of parchment begins to glow.

"That sounds like something you spent a lot of time building."

As the scroll glows, the world begins to fog up.

It's not a magic trick, but if you have your scrolls pre-built, it's ready to go.

"This magic is......!"

Quantum maze.

Antirrhynchus had made this large-scale binding magic into a magic scroll.

It's as if they saw this coming.

There will be those who can crack the Quantum Maze, but it's certainly possible to bide your time.

And that was enough time to get away.



* * *



Herriot was exhausted, and so was the Archduke, so they were in a serious state of disenchantment.

Eleris replenished them with siphoned mana, just as she had done for Ellen earlier. They were asleep, as if they had passed out.

As the magic dissipated, I could see the fog that had dissipated shortly afterward returning to the land.

The spell had been cast suddenly and on a small scale, so while the fog covered a large area, we were out of its reach.

In the first place, the fight was taking place at such a great distance that I couldn't even see what was going on, even with my eyesight enhanced.

But Elise's eyes widened, as if she'd seen what was happening on the ground.

"Antirrhinus has betrayed us."

"......Betrayal?"

"Yes, it looks like....... to join forces with Cantus Magna."

I didn't expect Antirrhinus to be a loyal ally forever.

I knew he was an unreliable ally, but I had to use what I could, and Antirrhinus was cooperating in earnest.

I did expect it to do something unexpected at a critical moment.

But that's now.

In the distance, Eleris and I watched as a swarm of black bats moved in the center of the fog, carrying something.

Antirrhinus, transformed into a swarm of bats, flies away with Akrich. It's too far away to intercept, so I and Eleris can only watch the spectacle.

Antirrhinus joined hands with Cantus Magna.

"Wherever they're going, we know where they're going to end up."

"......I see."

The wizards of Cantus Magna came here in search of the source of the spellbooks.

However, this is a fabricated source, and the actual spellbooks are found elsewhere.

And now that Antirrhinus has decided to join forces with Akrich, it's clear where they're headed.

You will try to find the true source of the grimoire and complete the Akasha.

"Let's go to the basement of the Demon Castle. We'll either take the grimoire or burn it before they get there."

"I guess so."

The basement of the Demon Castle is clearly of value to them. They may have come here in the first place thinking it was the source of the Grimoire, and its capture would mean the completion of Akasha and irreparable disaster.

If I fail to stop Antirrhinus and Akrich, I will be the cause of any problems that arise when Akasha is completed.

We can no longer operate out of context.

I look at the fallen Heriot.

"Line....... Hart......."

Faintly opening her eyes, Harriet looks up at me from where she lies.

I wondered if I'd passed out, if I'd regained consciousness. No, I felt like I was still half-conscious.

Herriot looked like he was dreaming.

I crouched down in front of the fallen Herriot and gently picked him up.

The betrayal of Antirrhinus. I wonder where this is going.

Shouldn't I have borrowed his hand?

I don't know.

I don't know anything.

Being judged on intent is ugly.

"Pfft."

"......Yes."

"No matter what happens in the future....... just remember this one thing......."

Herriot hugs the nape of my neck with difficulty.

"I wanted to save everyone......."

You should be judged by your results.

Wanting to be judged on my intentions, my heart, my will is just defeatism.

It's just an excuse for me when I don't get it right.

Still.

At least.

I wanted to do well.

I wanted to save everyone.

I wanted someone, at least one person, to recognize that.

"Yes......."

Herriot, who seems to be half asleep, strokes my hair, gently.

"Believe......."

With those words, I felt something hot rise up in my chest.

With those last words, Harriet closed her eyes, falling asleep.

I felt bad leaving it like this, but I didn't have time to wait any longer.

And with the mages of the Duchy of St. Thuan on their way, the Archduke and Herriot would be safe.

Eleris seemed to have recovered somewhat.

"Let's go, Elise."

"Yes, degradation."

Those trapped in the Quantum Maze don't know when they'll get out.

The two of us might be able to hold off Antirrhinus and Akrich, but it was only me and Eleris who could make a move right now.



* * *



It was only a single hit, but she had been beaten by Luna Artorius, and she had shared her power with Herriot, who was wielding a massive amount of magic, so Eleris was exhausted.

Eleris and I are out of the area of the spatial travel disruption force field.

It would have been better to enlist the help of Lucinil or the Black Order to escape from the Quantum Maze, but Antrianus and Akrich might be heading straight for the Demon Castle Underground, so we had no choice but to move quickly.

-Pow!

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

"Are you okay?"

"Yes, degraded....... exhausted for a while......."

I walked alongside Eleris, who was struggling just to use the mass teleport.

The good news is that the entire garrison of Demon City has been evacuated.

We made it to the ruins of the castle and didn't run into any Imperial troops.

As we enter the chilly, secluded grounds of the demon castle, I keep walking, supporting Eleris.

Ancient Archdemon.

What the heck did that mean?

And why did Ellen's mother know about it?

"Sorry for hiding it, Degradation......."

Even though she hadn't said anything, Eleris was the first to speak.

"I don't know the details, but....... I think I know now why, despite your aversion to fighting, you were the only one of the Council's houses to decide to help Darklands."

"......."

The members of the Vampire Council must have known that Elise was originally an Archdemon. They didn't seem to have any doubts about her helping Darkland.

Eleris walks, leaning on me, and speaks in a weak voice.

"I am an ancient, now-forgotten demon from a niche in the long history of the Darklands."

Ancient Archdemon.

Eleris is immeasurably old, and therefore an ancient ancestor of the Valyri.

"It's not a very valuable or interesting story, but......."

Elise says in a wistful voice.

"I wished for the destruction of the human race."

"Luna Artorius....... She said that fighting is born of fear."

"I sought to exterminate the humans because I was afraid of them, afraid that they would one day focus their combined power on the Darklands. While their nations fought amongst themselves, I, as the Demon King, could unite the power of the Darklands. It was my duty as the Demon King to exterminate the divided humans before they could form the empire that is now....... It is my responsibility as a Demon King."

"So....... I made Darklands a living hell."

He sounded self-deprecating.

What did Eleris do when she was a demon?

"We crossbred to create powerful beasts, dabbled in a lot of judicial and black magic to create powerful homunculi and chimeras, and used demons to create weapons of war."

"Countless demons were subjected to harsh training because of my judgment, and I turned a blind eye to countless lesser demons dying in slavery and starvation in the name of stockpiling war supplies."

"I was the worst demon who sacrificed the most demons, wishing for the destruction of mankind and creating a world for demons."

"The dominance of the Archdemon is both unifying and terrifying, as is the very existence of demons."

"Through it all, I didn't see the demons express the slightest bit of dissatisfaction."

"They all loved me, followed me, and never questioned my will in the slightest."

"In the Darklands, the presence of demons is absolute; if a human king did such a thing, there would soon be a rebellion, but none of the demons had the will to resist the absurdities and outrages, including mine."

"They obeyed me because they loved me, and they were dying because they loved me, cursing and blaming themselves for not being strong enough, for not being born strong enough."

"I mean, I didn't think it was weird."

"I thought it was all a sacrifice that had to be made for the lasting peace of the demons."

Countless demons have been sacrificed for the cause of lasting peace.

One day, not long after I met Elise, she said something like that.

It was about the time I got on the horsepower train.

What if we hadn't been so obsessed with powerful weapons and magic, and had instead tried to make something like this?

I once said something like that.

I wonder if he was blaming himself for that, not Valier.

Eleris prepared for war.

None of the demons resisted the Archdemon.

In their blind loyalty to the Archdemon, they believed its commands to be the truth.

Archdemons are the gods of the demons themselves. Loved by all and never allowed to be questioned.

"So, you went to war?"

"......No. There's a rebellion."

"......How the hell does a rebellion happen?"

Perhaps the Archdemon's rampage has reached its peak and a demon has awakened, perhaps a fringe demon has broken free of the Archdemon's grip, perhaps the Vampire Council has invaded. No, wasn't that a rebellion?

At my words, Eleris looks at me with a forced smile.

"Aren't there demons that Archdemons can't control?"

"Oh....... No way."

"An archdemon cannot dominate an archdemon."

Elise's gaze flickers downward.

"I was overpowered and horned by my son, who could not withstand my ravings."

A son's rebellion against his mother's tyranny.

The only demon that can stand up to an Archdemon.

That would only be possible for someone of the same lineage.





