Episode 429.





Not long ago.

Daytime.

Radia Schmidt was on the back foot.

Charlotte and Ellen were walking slowly toward Radia Schmidt.

"......."

Radia does not know the situation. She recognizes the face of the Empress, but not the face of Ellen.

But we do know that he was a classmate of Reinhardt's, and that they both showed up at the Vampire Council out of nowhere.

Radia's head spins rapidly.

We don't know what brought them to EpiAxis, or what they were looking for. We do know that Radia Schmidt is the only one left at EpiAxis.

Two girls approach, seemingly convinced of something.

"Do you know Reinhardt?"

The dark-haired girl, approaching, asks.

At that, Radia Schmidt gritted her teeth. It might be known that Reinhardt was a demon.

"I think I know."

The girl's voice, tinged with despair, rang pitifully in Radia's ears, as if her inability to answer had already convinced her of something.

Reinhardt's identity is discovered.

Demon Reinhardt, Eleris's main enemy.

If she asks for help, they will bring her into the world.

He's been kidnapped by a demonic force and is stranded in the middle of nowhere, unable to leave.

They allow you to get back out into the world.

But.

Because what the heck is there.

What the heck do you want there.

How can you go out into the world and hope for anything when you have nothing of value and want to deny your faith?

Radia doesn't know why she needs to leave; she'd rather stay here, in the little warmth she can feel.

But those two.

They will tell the world what they have seen here.

Reinhardt's identity would be discovered, and Elise would suffer the consequences.

Radia does not serve Reinhardt as her lord.

However, when he was forced to kill himself, he was spared by Eleris' pleas.

And the result.

If Radia, whom Elise saved, becomes a stumbling block, Reinhardt's identity is discovered, and he is killed.

Imagine the self-pity that the kindly vampire would feel.

Eventually, he would realize that his clumsy mercy had led to the death of his lord. Radia could not imagine the pain.

If my presence is a threat to Reinhard, she will blame herself for it.

The face that always smiles will be contorted with sadness, despair, and pain.

It will be.

If my presence brings Eleris despair at Reinhardt's death.

We need to make sure that doesn't happen.

Radia doesn't know why the two girls are here or how they know.

However.

Those two shouldn't go back.

-Woof!

Radia Schmidt's body is engulfed in a halo.

Say nothing.

Because no matter what you say, it could be a clue.

"Sorry, guys."

Radia shut her mouth, leaving only those words.

-grunt

-Pulp!

As if on cue, the approaching girl raised a silver sword in her right hand and draped a cloak of sunlight over her shoulders.

"Holy Grail?

Not one, but two.

Radia gritted her teeth.

What the hell is he doing with two holy relics?

Before that question could be answered, Radia saw an even more unbelievable sight.

A black aura flowed through the entire body of the empress behind her, and she soon turned into a grotesque figure that seemed to be engulfed in darkness.

The Empress raises her index finger to the sky.

-Self!

A sharp spear of darkness appeared from thin air above her fingertips.

The Empress points her finger at herself.

That one.

Dangerous.

-Quack, quack, quack!

Radia threw herself forward, and dozens of dark spears slammed into the castle's floor with a deafening crash.

A bizarre and ominous power, followed by two holy relics.

"......."

Radia stares at the two girls.

This is not an opponent to be trifled with.

"This is my grave.

The light on Radia's body grows redder and redder.

-Currrrr!

Specialized power used by paladins of Alth.

Berserk.

Radia Schmidt burns lives.

For Elyse.



* * *



Radia Schmidt won last year's Unlimited tournament.

Of course, her victory was due to the withdrawal of her final opponent Olivia Ranche, but Radia Schmidt's skills are nothing to sneeze at.

I didn't make it to graduation, but I am a graduate of the Temple Royal class.

The best of the best and the brightest.

In other words, it's safe to say that you're already one of the best Paladins in the game.

So in terms of skill, Olivia is just as good as Ellen Artorius.

And then there was Alth's holy power, which specialized in combat, and even now he had enhanced himself with the power of Berserk, which was not a normal enhancement, but a life-burning one.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

Ellen bounced off the ramen and rolled across the floor of the castle.

-Ka-ka-ka-ka-kang!

He dodged Charlotte's summoned Spear of Darkness in an acrobatic move, using only his fuselage vision to track its trajectory, while simultaneously charging forward and unleashing his regime on Charlotte.

-shhh!

Ducking into the shadows, Charlotte reappeared about ten paces behind him.

For a moment, Ellen and Charlotte are surprised by the unexpected visitor, but Radia Schmidt hasn't said a word and is planning to kill Charlotte and Ellen.

Ellen staggered to her feet.

Radia Schmidt lunges toward her at near lightning speed, delivering a spinning back kick with her full weight.

"Suck!"

-Bam!

Rafelt's defense blocked the kick, but it couldn't fully offset the impact, forcing Ellen to take a few steps to the side.

The kick bounced off the flames' recoil, but Radia only took a few steps back as she righted herself.

Royal Class seniors are all monsters.

Even with the aid of two holy symbols, and even with Charlotte using her mysterious powers, Ellen was losing ground.

There was so much she didn't understand.

It was Radia Schmidt who took Reinhardt to Elena's shop.

Then there's Radia Schmidt in the place where Elena's statue is supposedly located.

And then Radia Schmidt tries to kill them all.

There are so many things I don't understand.

I don't understand this situation.

One thing's for sure though.

Reinhardt said.

It's not like you're a warrior.

-Kurung!

Ellen lunges at Radia, but Radia deflects the blow with a gourd and drives her fist into Ellen's heart.

-Quack!

But his fist sliced through the air, its trajectory deflected by a spear of darkness summoned from the side.

But Radia Schmidt twisted around with her left hand, her sword drawn, and caught Ellen's ramen in her armpit.

Alth's divine powers and enchantments.

Radia's physical prowess with the Berserk is not something Ellen can match.

-Whoosh!

In one sweeping motion, Ellen was swept into Radia's arms, along with Lament.

-Bam!

"Off......black!"

Radia leaps at the incoming Ellen, who misses her sword and bounces off into the distance.

With the intention of crushing your head.

-Whoosh!

-Bang! Quack! Kakakakang!

But as she lunged, a wave of dark spears appeared at her side, knocking her back.

"Ah....... ugh....... 우욱......."

Staggering to her feet, Ellen gagged, unable to stand.

Pinned to the castle wall with a dark spear, Radia Schmidt wakes up covered in stone dust, seemingly unharmed.

"Crazy....... monstrous......."

Radia Schmidt was so dominant over Ellen and Charlotte that Charlotte, in her dark form, forgot what she looked like.

Two Holy Grails.

And the power of the devil.

She is not yet able to wield the demon's power as destructively as she did during her rampage, and even then, the nature of Charlotte's power, which grows stronger at night, means that she is not at full strength.

But it's still the power of the devil.

It is dominated by a single royal class elite graduate.

Charlotte was experiencing what monsters the Empire was raising in this place called the Temple in a way she never wanted to experience.

Temples, Empires.

And the greatness of humanity.

It was too good to be true, and now the power was trying to kill him.

"......."

Radia was silent.

Like I'm not going to let you guys be sure of anything.

If you don't kill them and I die, it could be because of something you said.

The Silent Crusader looms over them like a terror.

Ellen staggered back to her feet.

Attack laments.

Lapel in defense.

Since he has two Relics, he is effectively a Swordmaster with similar requirements.

Is Radia too strong, or is she not capable of using the power of the Relic to its fullest extent?

Ellen Artorius doesn't know.

I don't know that Radia Schmidt is fighting with the strength of her life right now.

However.

If you die on the spot.

You don't know what the truth is.

Why it happened, why it had to happen, and who the hell it was.

Why.

You cared so much for me.

I don't know.

You die without knowing.

"I hate......."

Ellen says.

Radia Schmidt doesn't know why anyone would want to kill her.

But as it is, it will die.

You have two holy relics, but you can't do anything about the crusader in front of you.

When you die, it's all over.

"I'm....... I can't die here."

Ellen gritted her teeth as she saw Radia Schmidt approaching.

What you need to do to win against a powerful foe named Radia Schmidt. Even with enchantments and two powerful holy relics, you can't defeat this monster.

Ellen stirs her ramen and stares at Radia Schmidt, who is engulfed in a reddish updraft.

Radia Schmidt's skill with the Berserk was more than even Olivia Ranze could handle.

If we had stayed the course, there's no telling what the outcome would have been.

Radia Schmidt steps up to the plate.

I wasn't trying to make a leap.

-Bam!

The shockwave of the foot slamming into the ground itself creates a crack in the ground, and the walls of the castle begin to crack.

-Twitter

The walls of the castle, where the cracks began, begin to collapse.

-currrrrr

The castle's floors and walls crumble, the ceiling collapses, and boulders fall.

-Thump! Kukung! Thump!

The dark castle is bathed in white light.

-Heeeeeeeeeeeee!

A bitterly cold blizzard blows in, painting everything white.

'I realize my power is weakened by the presence of light....... Is it an intuition.......'

Charlotte gritted her teeth as she cowered in the darkness, watching the collapsing ceiling.

Radia Schmidt rushes toward Ellen in the fierce winter winds that have been unleashed by the collapse of the castle.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

-Bang!

Ellen was knocked back with a single punch, leaving her in the rubble of the collapsed castle.

"ugh....... black......."

The opponent is too strong.

Before you can even react, they rush in and start pummeling you.

-Bang! Quack! Bang!

Radia's attacks were fierce and furious, and would have turned to blood if not for Rafelt's protection.

-Quack!

Radia's body flinched at Charlotte's dark spear, but it didn't bounce back like it had before.

The blizzard alone had greatly weakened Charlotte's power by driving away the darkness.

-Bang!

"Hmph!"

Ellen rolled to the side, dodging a fist that flew into her face with difficulty.

As if bounced, Ellen settles into position and quickly steps back to assume her stance.

Stall for time and Radia's breath is gone.

But Ellen doesn't know that.

She doesn't know, and she has a hunch that at this rate, both Charlotte and herself will die at the hands of Radia Schmidt's unknown enemies.

You'll die.

I don't want to die, there's so much I need to know, so many things I need to hear, so many questions I need to ask.

All of it must die unfinished.

I don't want to do that.

Even better than dying.

I'm afraid and loath to die without knowing the truth.

Ellen says again.

If you don't want to die, you have to win.

You have to be strong to win.

If you must lose and die because your opponent is stronger than you.

Be strong.

Ellen Artorius clears her throat.



"Slowly, you get used to focusing your enchantment in smaller and smaller increments over your entire body, to an extreme point.



I'm reminded of the words of Saviolin Tana.



"In detail.



Repeat after me.

He sees the Red Crusader coming toward him.

-Heyyyyyy!

In a blizzard of bitter north winds that threatened to rip your skin off.



"Focus.



Give it your full attention.



"Eventually, we'll even be able to have enchantments at our fingertips.



I don't want to die.

There are things you need to know, things you need to hear.

Forgiveness, revenge, or understanding. We don't know yet.

Because you don't want to die without knowing where the hell all the stories end up, or which way all the truth flows.

If you don't want to die, you have to win.

If you can't win as you are.



"Self. and beyond this stage.



You have to be the one to beat.

"ha ha......."

Ellen steadies her breathing and focuses her attention on recognizing every tiny shred of mana in her body.

If you don't want to die, you must not lose, and if you don't want to lose, you must be stronger than your opponent.

There is only one path for Ellen, who must be stronger than her opponent.

Breaking through the wall and taking the next step.

Beyond using disenchantment.

Beyond getting comfortable with disenchantment, you need to take the next step.



"This is what happens when you reach the extremes of horsepower operation.



Ellen's magical energy coursing through her body grows less and less frequent as her fiery form fades.

Just as disenchantment became impossible.

Very thin, very thin, even the blue light is very thin.

It turns into a faint glow that threatens to go out.

It's not dead.

It will be compressed.

Extremely compressed mana stops flailing around uselessly to serve only as protection.

And.

To the ramen in Ellen's hand.

Slowly, as if on fire.

Blue energy flows through the sword.

When Radia Schmidt saw it, she stopped walking.

"This is...... what?"

Because the unthinkable is happening right in front of you.

Soon, the spark of magic in the laments enveloped the entire sword god.

"ha ha......."

The white breath from Ellen's mouth scatters on the winter wind.

A girl with an enchanted sword, not an enchanted body.



"That's the condition of the master class.



-shhhh!

"......!"

The next moment, Ellen Artorius was stabbing ramen into Radia Schmidt's heart.





