Episode 430





Radia Schmidt stared wide-eyed at Ellen's sword sheathed in her chest.

"Is this....... What the hell......?"

Awaken as a Swordmaster during battle.

It's ridiculous, but there are people who have done it right in front of our eyes.

I didn't think it would be an easy fight, which is why I used the life-burning power of Berserk.

Radia thought this kind of thing was only in stories.

But the reality of what was happening in front of him had already pierced his heart.

-Swoosh!

"K......breathe!"

Ellen pulled out the ramen, and Radia immediately fell to the ground, her legs giving out.

The girl with the two orbs became a Swordmaster when the power of the orbs proved too much for her to handle.

A genius that doesn't even deserve the word genius.

What the heck have I been building up to?

If I can grit my teeth and focus my mind in a fight I can't lose, I can easily become a Swordmaster. Why in the world is such a thing possible?

Radia Schmidt was a genius.

He didn't think there were enough geniuses at his level to run over.

Radia feels a sense of disorientation.

At this moment, Radia was having a similar feeling to the one she had when she saw Olivia Ranze.

A genius who always stood out from the crowd, even in the Temple Royal class of geniuses, a genius who no one dared even think of messing with.

That's the kind of genius you look up to with awe and admiration, and eventually end up worshipping.

Is the girl in front of you that kind of genius?

Even you are gifted with unreasonable talent, and you are even more unreasonable.

Radia Schmidt was a victim of injustice.

What happens when they go back.

I couldn't put my finger on it, but something was about to happen, a chain of unfortunate events. That's why I didn't want to let them live.

But it failed.

Something was going to happen to Reinhard and Elise.

Alth's divine power does not have the power to heal.

As such, healing wounds like any other paladin was out of the question for Radia Schmidt.

Recoil with Berserk, and critical hits.

Consciousness fades away.

'Safely....... I was hoping you'd come back.......'

"Kool-Aid!"

With a gulp of blood, Radia Schmidt tries to grasp the edge of her fading consciousness, but it's slipping away faster than she can reach it.

He had hoped that Elise would return home safely, but instead, he had gotten himself into this mess.

What would the vampire think about his death?

Radia doesn't know.

However.

There are tears the kindly vampire will shed for her, Radia knows.

They say the gods plan everything.

Everything in the world seems to be going according to their plan.

Maybe his own death is one of those plans.

'I don't know.......'

Slowly closing her eyes, Radia continues to sink into the depths of unconsciousness.

If this is all part of the gods' plan, Radia says.

Now I could find no reason to love those gods.



* * *



In front of Radia Schmidt's lifeless body on her knees, Ellen stood still in the blizzard.

"You....... what did you do?"

Charlotte asked in disbelief as she approached through the blizzard.

"Because we have to win."

Ellen said nothing more than that and sent the ramen back.

Awakening in combat.

It was in the midst of a battle, with a power boost and a move to Swordmaster. But Ellen didn't collapse in a heap of blood like last time.

-Woof

Ellen checks the power of her enchantment, which is only a trickle in her right hand.

-curl!

And then the magic in her hands burst into flames, soaring higher than Ellen's height.

It cannot be refined into the shape of a sword, but it can emit powerful emissions.

Partial disenchantment followed by outward radiation.

I had the strength to not lose, but this level of talent is a bit odd.

I know I'm not the norm, but this is a bit much.

Ellen felt fortunate to have escaped death, but she also felt a strange sense of strangeness.

Charlotte stares at Radia Schmidt's body, chilling in the cold winter wind.

"So, who was this guy?"

Charlotte watched the tournament, but even after the battle was over, she didn't know who her opponent was.

"Radia Schmidt, sixth grader in Royal Class. Although she's not in sixth grade now, because that was last year."

"......Ladia Schmidt?"

At that, Charlotte narrowed her eyes.

Charlotte had heard the name by another route. She knew it as the name of a missing Temple Royal class student, presumed dead in the attack on the Levereer Ranch.

"This guy, I thought he was killed in the last Crusader raid. I was assuming he was from an unnamed order......."

"......Are you sure?"

"......I've heard he had extremist tendencies, but how do you know about the nameless order?"

"It's not that hard to figure out."

Reinhardt took a certain dark-haired Temple girl to Elena's shop.

Where Elena's statue is, Radia Schmidt is.

It seems very likely that Reinhardt was accompanied by Radia Schmidt.

Olivia Ranze was forced to withdraw after meeting Radia Schmidt in the unlimited weight tournament.

Reinhardt went to the game, and Olivia doesn't know what happened to him afterward.

Olivia was lured to a monastery south of the ecliptic by an unnamed order.

If so, Reinhardt would have been in Elena's shop with Radia Schmidt around that time.

And Radia Schmidt didn't die in the Crusader raid, she's in Castle Epiax.

Have I been kidnapped?

If so, they couldn't figure out why they were being attacked.

"I have a place to go first."

The purpose of coming here is essentially to check out Elena's statue.

I realize that something unexpected happened and it's messing with our case reasoning, but it was something we needed to check first.



* * *



Part of the castle Epirus collapsed, but only partially, and the rest of the building was still standing.

"Is this....... there?"

"Yes."

Pantheon.

Arriving at a room of seven gargoyles, Ellen and Charlotte surveyed them. Several were weathered beyond recognition, but they soon found themselves standing in front of their target.

Of the seven statues, only Elena's was recognizable. Several of the statues had changed their appearance when the Council fell into human hands.

"It certainly....... look alike."

Charlotte compared the statue in her arms to the photo on Elena's ID and nodded slowly.

Elena had said she was a dragon, and I vaguely suspected that this place, Ellen, was like Dragon Rare.

"What the hell is this place, why was he here, and why was he trying to kill us?"

As Charlotte said, it was an incomprehensible mess.

What High Epirus is really like.

Why Reinhard went to Elena's shop with Radia Schmidt.

Radia Schmidt, a member of an unnamed religious order, wonders why she's stranded in this place that's supposedly Elena's stronghold.

Why she tried to kill us.

And.

Reinhardt said that night.

What you did.

"......."

Ellen remains silent and stares at Elena's statue.

Olivia Ranze in a trap.

Radia Schmidt is a member of a nameless order, so she must have known the trap that was being set for Olivia Ranze.

Elena is a powerful mage.

Suppose Reinhardt somehow learned of the plans of the Order of the Nameless One.

If so, out of character, Reinhardt would have tried to save Olivia.

At this point, we don't really know what Reinhardt's personality is like, but from what we've seen so far, it is.

Kidnapped Adriana.

Olivia was lured in by Adriana.

Reinhardt learned about it from Radia Schmidt.

"You got ......?

"Yeah, I don't know why, but a winged demon saved me and Adriana, and then it left us far away and went off somewhere, and that was that.

'Why on earth would.......'

"I'm the one who wants to know why.

Olivia Ranze says she can't figure out why the devil saved her.

She thought the demon might actually be good, that he might actually hate humans. No, now she hates humans.

You didn't just save Olivia on a whim during a raid on the Crusaders.

"You were trying to save him in the first place......?

Ellen gritted her teeth.

I can feel the emotions stirring inside of me.

Anger, a sense of betrayal.

And.

Deprivation.

A strange, unidentifiable feeling began to creep through my body.

Whatever Reinhardt's big secret is.

If the devil and Reinhardt are involved, you've already taken a very big risk by doing so.

That's how I got caught up in the tailspin.

Reinhardt is no fool.

You knew it would happen, you knew it would leave a trail, and you knew it would happen because there must be a rationale for the incomprehensible.

Still, it was saved.

At great risk.

One reason.

Because it's that important.

The.

As well as.......

"......."

Ellen gritted her teeth in spite of herself.

"Charlotte, there's something you need to hear."

It was Olivia's most important secret, and if it got out, it could cost her her life, so Ellen had no choice but to keep quiet about it.

But when it came to the big question of tracking down the demon, and Reinhardt was involved, there could be no secrets.

The end is near.

These vague inferences and the clues we've accumulated are starting to bite us in the ass.

The reasoning gradually began to take shape.



* * *



"That happened?"

"Yes."

"No, why do you say that now....... After, yeah. There's no point in talking about it now."

When Ellen told her the details of the Crusader raid, Charlotte crossed her arms and pondered.

Charlotte's reasoning is similar to Ellen's.

Olivia in the trap. And Adriana.

Having survived the demon's attack unharmed, they kept quiet, fearing that if it became public knowledge, they would be told that they were the demon's informants.

"And Reinhardt told them about it, and now he's taking Adriana in at the Rotary Club because she's having trouble deciding where to live......."

"Yes."

It doesn't make sense to say that Reinhardt was trying to find a way to help.

But now they know about the suspicious circumstances that occurred the day before.

And Radia Schmidt, who was probably involved in the incident, is here.

It's clear that neither Adriana nor Olivia know the full story.

Charlotte tries to process her newfound knowledge. She doesn't know about Radia Schmidt's existence and how the castle Epiaks actually relates to the sorceress Elena.

But one thing's for sure.

You can no longer skim the periphery.

You have to stop thinking out of fear that it might not be.

Now, we need to investigate Reinhardt.

What to do to research Reinhardt.

Charlotte's fingertips were shaking.

It wasn't just the cold.

The more you get to the heart of the story, the more you nibble at the edges of the truth.

The situation was becoming increasingly unbearable for Charlotte.

"......."

And it was no different for Ellen.





