Episode 433.





Adriana's physical condition was not comparable to the average person's, so she was able to reach the Bronzegate Bridge in no time.

However, the sun was getting low in the sky.

Daibun said that he and Loyar would have to part ways at night. He didn't know why, but he knew he had to see Loyar before nightfall.

Prior to this, the Rotary Club had been living under the Bronzegate Bridge, one of the many great bridges on the ecliptic, for many years.

With the trick-or-treaters gone, Bronzegate Bridge had gone from a place people avoided to a promenade.

Adriana could see a long passageway beneath the Bronze Gate piers, going under the bridge.

There weren't really any no trespassing signs, and when the Rotary Club took over, it was always full of beggars, so people didn't really try to get in.

But even with the beggars gone, the gaping maw of a deep sewer couldn't help but strike a chord of natural fear.

So no one wants to go into a place like that.

What is she doing in a place like this, and does everyone in the Rotary Club know about it?

Adriana walked down a different path from the crowds of strolling people, toward the sewers.

When the Rotary Club moved out, all the original haphazardly stitched-together houses had been torn down.

The sewers, where beggars huddled together, drunk on cheap booze, were clean as if they hadn't been there in ages.

This is where the entire Rotary Club has lived for quite some time.

How do we get sweltering summers and freezing winters?

Adriana was worried about that, even in the midst of this urgency.

In a hot place when it was hot, and in a cold place when it was cold. Those who had nowhere else to turn would huddle together, and together they would endure the heat and the cold.

He was the one they all trusted and relied on.

In his life as a beggar, Loyar has always protected his club members when thugs have called them names and threatened them.

Later, the Rotary Club members were too afraid of Loyar to touch him.

Soon Adriana was without a lantern, deep in the sewers of Sacramento's darkness.

It's dark everywhere, so Adriana summons an orb of light and walks slowly into the sewers.

The sewers weren't straight. The passageways were long and massive, but they also split in the middle, and Adriana had no idea where to turn to find Loyaar.

Adriana was surprised to find such a large underground aqueduct beneath the ecliptic.

I didn't really have any reason to think about what I couldn't see.

A long, massive sewer, somewhere in this place is Loyaar.

What the heck are we doing here.

In case she gets lost, Adriana considers going backwards, so she only heads forward, so she only has to go backwards to get back.

The orb of light could not illuminate everything in the vast sewers.

The longer she walked through the sewers, the more nervous Adriana became.

It's close to dusk when you enter, so it will soon be night.

We need to find Loyaar, and fast. From the look on Daibun's face, it was clear that the night and Loyar had something to do with it.

How many steps you took.

-Adriana?

A distant rumble came from somewhere in the sewers.

Sure enough, it was Loyar's voice.

"Sister?"

Adriana's words were met with distant approval.

"Adriana, why are you here......."

A figure approaches the orb of light that Adriana has lit.

Now, thanks to Adriana's constant washing and grooming, Loyar was walking toward her with a clean coat.

"How did you know to come here?"

Approaching, Loyar cupped Adriana's face, unable to hide his surprise.

"There's a bunch of soldiers at the club. I don't know what's going on, but....... Mr. Daibun said if I go here, I'll find my sister."

"Daibun? How did he get to......? And what do you mean by soldier?"

Loyar shook his head, as if he didn't understand what he was hearing.

"I don't know, Mr. Daibun told me....... to never come back to the club, that's what he said."

"What do you mean don't come back, and what about the soldiers?"

"I don't know, he, Ellen, had a bunch of soldiers, heavily armed soldiers, and they were asking the clubbers about something, so Mr. Daibun sent me out into a secret passage in the basement of the club and told me to tell them this......."

Adriana was the one who didn't speak English, but Loyar was the one who didn't understand the situation.

"Secret passageways? Why do you have them at headquarters?"

"......Didn't you know?"

No, you don't know that!

Adriana almost wanted to scream, despite the urgency of the situation.

"And....... After I deliver these words, I want you to break up with your sister quickly....... before nightfall......."

At that, Loyar's expression hardened.

Like, finally, something that didn't make sense makes sense.

"Ah....... They....... You knew all along......."

Adriana couldn't quite put her finger on it, but there was something about the look on Loyar's face that made her feel a little overwhelmed, bewildered, and somehow overwhelmed with emotion.

Adriana washed her face dry a few times. Adriana saw the water glisten in Loyar's eyes.

Just as Daibun did, this time Loyar grabs Adriana by both shoulders.

"Um, yeah. Adriana, I can't really elaborate, but I understand what you're saying, so just do as Daibun says and get out of here, and don't go back to the club either."

"Sis, what's going on? What the hell? What....... What's going on?"

Adriana shuddered with an unidentifiable fear.

"Adriana, you can't know about this. You can't know about this."

At Adriana's question, Loyar shook his head.

"What you don't know is good for you."

"My sister....... I'm scared. I'm....... Sis, will we never see each other again?"

You lose them without even realizing what happened.

Olivia is taken in by a nameless order for reasons she doesn't understand and nearly sacrificed.

Adriana began to sob, this time at the prospect of never seeing Loyar again, let alone the people she had just bonded with, without knowing why.

Loyaar gives his eyes strength.

Like you're trying to force down some simmering emotion and swallow it.

"Go on, I don't have time for a kid like you!"

"Uh, my sister......."

Adriana took a few steps back at the sight of Loyar's anger.

"Quickly....... Go quickly....... It will be night....... When it's night....... I won't recognize you......."

Because what the hell is night.

Adriana doesn't know what Loyar is talking about.

Something scary happens.

Now that the chain of events had begun, there was only one thing for Adriana to do: run.

In all these things.

They must run away from Loyaar as the night falls.

Adriana could see Loyar's face twist into a grim line as he tried to get her back.

"Holy....... Damn."

Like you felt something.

In the darkness behind him, a gravelly voice echoed through the sewers.

-You're here.

Into Adriana's white light, someone walks.

-Auntie.

Cloak of the Sun.

Ellen Artorius, wielding the Sword of the Moon, walked slowly toward them.

Loyar watched Ellen's approaching form with narrowed eyes.

Adriana could see it too.

Ellen's aura was like a blue aura, and the lunar divine sword laments were burning like blue fire.

"Sword......master?"

Adriana muttered, frozen.

"You....... this monstrous....... When the hell are you going to get there......?"

Loyardo wasn't the only one who was stunned.

"There are a lot of things I want to ask you, things I've never tried to find out, things I thought were weird but never asked....... I'm going to ask them now."

Ellen stood still, staring at Loyar, the man who had beaten her so many times before.

"So, you have to be honest with me."

Ellen remains still with her Auror Sword and Auror Armor as she speaks to Loyaar, indicating that she has a fight in mind but will not use her hands first.

Loyar stares at Ellen for a moment.

I had a sneaking suspicion that the growth rate of this monster had surpassed even the geniuses, let alone the culprits.

But before I knew it, I was a Swordmaster.

And by the look in his eyes and the way he was acting, he was already convinced of something.

The warrior's sister.

Ellen Artorius.

Is it possible to run away.

No.

Loyard's senses tell him.

It's impossible to escape. It's not because of Ellen's skills.

The time is drawing near.

"Dark-haired kid."

To my lord's dear one, who is too old to be called a child.

"Beat me."

"......?"

"By all means, beat me."

Ellen narrows her brow at Loyar's strange words.

Loyar gripped Adriana's shoulder, still frozen.

And then.

-Whoosh!

"Uh, sister!"

"!"

Loyar throws Adriana right back at Ellen, who panics and throws the ramen back at him.

Loyaar knows that his master has gone far away to do something dangerous.

But Loyard couldn't be there.

I couldn't keep up with Valerie, as she was destined to descend into unrecognizable madness every full moon night.

Does the cursed fate end up being the curse of the lord.

Ellen doesn't know what Loyar is talking about.

However, I put Adriana down and summoned Rament again, who took it in his stride.

"My sister....... Why the hell. Ellen why are you......."

"Back off."

Ellen looks at Loyar wordlessly.

The night of the full moon is upon us.

-Woodeddle

"Kr....... krr......."

His muzzle lengthens, and white fur begins to sprout all over Loyar's body.

Adriana's complexion went white at the sight, and Ellen gritted her teeth.

"Lycan....... Slope......."

A white beast that appeared in the Demon Attack.

Lykanslope.

The evidence could not be clearer.

After a long, long road.

Piecing together the many past events that have happened.

Finish.

Ellen arrived at a simple answer.

"......."

A tear falls from the corner of Ellen's eye.

"Uh, un....... un......?"

Adriana knew what she had been told as she watched Loyar transform into a lycanthrope.

Why Loyar was away for days at a time.

Today is the night of the full moon.

The being to whom I gave my heart and trusted, was not human.

-Woodruff

"Grrrr......."

When Ellen sees Loyaar transformed into a white beast, she doesn't even bother to wipe the tears from her eyes.

"No, no, no...... no, no....... This, this, why....... What the hell......."

Adriana is horrified and frightened, and she starts to shake and sob uncontrollably.

Beat me.

Ellen knows what that means.

"You step aside."

That would have meant he didn't want to hurt Adriana.

The one who always beat himself up and initially tried to kill himself.

Ellen Artorius understands now what murderous intent was then.

If so, why.

Why.

Some questions are answered, but the answers raise other questions.

-croak.

The white beast's low growl lays low and dreary in the sewers. Ellen clears her throat as she watches the white beast reveal its true colors, its true self.

The white beast has lost its mind.

"Auntie......."

To Lykanslof, who crouches down and prepares to charge.

Irine's Hound.

No.

Irine Great River.

The white wolf there.

Toward the White Lotus of the Great River.

"It's not going to be the same."

Swordmaster, Ellen Artorius, pointed her sword.





