Episode 434.





Quantum Maze can be broken.

However, we don't know if Akrich and Antirianus will be able to enter Akasha after that quantum leap.

The point is, I had no intention of letting them reach Akasha's entrance.

I'm not sure if I'll ever have anything resembling an edge against the Archmage.

The important thing is that Alsbringer makes you stronger when your opponent is stronger than you.

And Tiamata, a holy relic optimized for fighting the undead.

Plus an assist from Eleris.

With that, I will jump over two hurdles and I will reach the end of this story.

The gate situation will not happen.

The demon will quietly disappear.

I will spend the rest of my time with Reinhardt as my real name.

Extinguishing the seeds of chaos sown across empires and continents, one by one.

One by one, I pulled out the possibilities of disruption, both sown by me and sown because of me.

You will find peace of mind through peace in the world.

I still don't know how I'm going to untangle the many tangled relationships and lies, but I know I'll figure it out.

I'll have to give more thought to whether or not I should tell them the truth, and if so, how I should say it, since they will feel betrayed by the truth.

In the end, I realized it was best to do nothing, so now I'm going to clean up the mess and hopefully everything will converge to peace.

-delay

With that, Eleris and I opened the door to Akasha.

Long, long hallways.

Someone was standing in the middle of Quantum Maze.

As if you've been waiting for it.

"You're already here, Great One."

The old vampire was smiling at me, holding a skull in his right hand.

"Apparently, you already know everything......."

Just as we knew about Akasha, it seemed that Antirrhinus now knew about Akasha.

But first, the skull in Antony's right hand.

I looked at it and narrowed my brow.

"Antirrhinus, what is that?"

"Oh, you mean this......."

Antirrhinus tosses it toward me.

It's more of a roll than an attack.

-degurrrr

"Would you recognize it if I told you it was Akriti?"

A skeleton rolled to my feet.

"That's what we're looking for, the remnants and leader of the Cantus Magna. The skull of Lukren."

It turned to dust at my feet and disappeared. The skeleton never looked out of place as it turned to black powder and scattered.

"Antirrhinus, what do you want?"

At the mingled voices of Eleris's enemies, the old man shook his head.

"Sadly, everyone on the council is....... You misunderstand me, of course I understand, but......."

"......."

"Not really."

The old gentleman's smile was still unreadable.

"If there is, didn't I tell you about it before?"

"Pleasure."

"I'm ready to enjoy both your successes and your failures, so I'm fully cooperating with you."

"I only did it because, in that situation, I needed to hold Lukren's hand for a moment to find out what Akasha was and where it was. I had no intention of betraying you."

"So I knew what Akasha was, and I got rid of Lukren, which had become obsolete."

"So, I'm just here to find out where Akasha is. I'm not interested in the boring business of being a god."

Antirrhinus looked at me with a wry smile.

Fun.

That's the only reason you're cooperating with me, and you're not interested in having a powerful artifact like Akasha at all.

I can't believe it. But Antirrhinus is smiling at me and Eleris as if there is no lie.

"The world is interesting because it's unpredictable, that's how I see it."

"In my own world, where I can control everything and everything is going to go the way I want it to go, what's the point of being interested and having fun?"

"Being a god in some world is like being a kid playing in the sand, only a little bigger."

"Great One."

"I love the story of a child building a sand castle, and then the waves and tidal waves come crashing in and a storm rages."

"I love the story of the child who is desperate to defend the sandcastle they've built, and they cry and despair, and they either make something of it, or they don't, and they sink into a sea of despair."

"I want to see a story that's unpredictable, but fun to watch."

"But I can't stand the idea of a skeleton with delusions of godhood trying to extort the ending of that story."

"I want you to take Akasha."

"You don't look like you're going to give in to the desire to be a god. You look like you love something more human, something more emotional, something more mundane."

"I love stories about people risking their lives for something so insignificant."

"Great One."

"Greatly pleased or."

"Tell me a story of great desperation."

Antirrhinus bows to me.

Crazy.

That's all I could think of.

You figure out what Akasha is, you give it to me, and then you help me because you're curious about what I'm going to do after that.

My despair too.

My happiness.

I'm sure it's going to be a fun story, so I'm going to take pleasure in watching.

Elise bit her lip in disbelief as she watched Antony's sincere, yet insane, demeanor.

"The boredom of time has driven you mad, Antirrhinus."

"Didn't I tell you the other day, Lord of Tuesday?"

Antirrhynchus gleams in the vampire's eerie eyes.

"I've lived so long that it's strange not to be crazy."

I've done everything I wanted to do, and I have everything I wanted to have.

He didn't want to die, so he became a vampire, and he's been living for a long, long time.

So now, even the cravings are gone, and I find pleasure in seeing someone's joy or despair.

"Of course, Lukren's screams and pleas before he died were also good entertainment for me; what a futile death for an old undead man to die without fulfilling such a long-standing desire......."

"I couldn't contain my excitement just watching."

Antirrhinus sees me.

"Of course, I'm no match for the pleasure of enforcing it. The place of master of ceremonies is unworthy of an old hag like me."

Antony has been helpful so far.

With this level of insanity, I'd rather trust it. I have no reason to take Akasha and no desire to do anything with it.

I wasn't even angry at the spitefulness that crossed the line into snickering behind my back whether I succeeded or failed.

"Anyway, Antirrhinus, do you mean to tell me that you will be on my side?"

"Of course, you shouldn't trust me too much, because I can act for your happiness or for your misery."

The disgusting honesty almost made me gag.

Antirrhinus killed Akrich. With this, the lineage of the Cantus Magna was completely severed.

Antirrhinus was still bowing his head.

"If you don't believe me, you can strike me in the throat with that holy object of purity. Great One."

"......."

Unwilling to resist, Antirrhinus stuck out his neck.

I'm willing to give my life if I know I won't see the end of it.

Is it right to kill.

Madness is unpredictable.

Antirrhinus betrayed him at a crucial moment and made short work of the Akasha. We arrived first and learned the truth, but we don't know if he intended to keep Akasha.

We don't know the future, and we don't know what Antony is thinking.

However, Antrianus has been a great help so far.

Incomprehensible insanity becomes trustworthy when it crosses the threshold of incomprehensibility.

Someone this insane is unlikely to be reformed by lesser motives.

"......crazy."

This level of insanity.

I chose to believe in the madness of Antirrhinus.

Yes.

You crazy old man.

Let's go to the end together.



* * *



Elise has decided to stay at Akasha.

Of course, we can't just let Antirrhinus into Akasha because we don't know what he'll do.

Antirrhinus killed Akrich, an untrustworthy but very dangerous nuisance.

I don't know where they'll stand with me and where they'll stab me in the back, but for now, they're holding my hand.

Antony is actually useful, and the only thing he wants from me is to have fun.

If a powerful being like Antony cooperates fully in exchange for being an audience member in my life, it's not such a bad deal.

First, we need to meet Charlotte.

And Ellen.

I wasn't sure how to explain the truth, and I wasn't sure if I should tell her about Akasha's existence, but I had to meet Charlotte.

Through Antirrhinus, I returned to the ecliptic by mass teleportation.

There was also the obvious problem of explaining how I had returned to the ecliptic after disappearing from Richie's grave.

How do I get lucky for fooling everyone so far?

Antirrhinus decided to go to Richie's grave and give the Vampire Council and the Black Order the details.

"Are you sure about that? They probably think you're a traitor now."

"I think it will work out somehow."

With a smirk, Antirrhinus disappeared into the shadows of the night.

Well, is it time for me to worry about Antony?

Walking down an alleyway on the ecliptic, I stepped out into the street.

If I succeed in hiding Akasha, I will now have to repair the damage I have done as a demon. And the affairs of the Demon Church, one by one.

We don't know if we'll actually have to complete Akasha and create another world and move the demons there.

Sarkozy would agree with that plan.

If I take my demons with me to the New World, and my ability to control them is stronger than it is now, I might even become a god of the New World.

If I tried to do that, Antirrhinus would think it was boring and try to kill me.

I walked down the street and stood at the entrance to the temple, crossing the gate as I always did.

But whatever.

There was a certain awkwardness to it, unlike anything I'd ever seen before.

Everyone.

staring at me.

Especially when I realize that the guards and other Temple Gate forces are watching me.

As soon as he sees me, every muscle in his body tenses up.

Vigilance.

And the question.

Plus.

Fear.

As I stepped through the gate and turned around, I was met with a bizarre sight.

Before I knew it, guards were standing behind me, blocking my exit.

And.

"......Bertus?"

Bertus, sitting on a bench somewhere, walks slowly toward me.

Why is Bertus here at this time of night?

The usual Bertus seems to be laughing a little too hard. The unmasked Bertus smiles slightly sinisterly.

However, the current Bertus is different.

It was Bertus, his face hardened into a grim expression.

His face was filled with a level of anger that even he couldn't contain.

Why?

"I, I don't understand."

Bertus looks at me, surrounded by articles.

"This situation, I, I don't understand at all."

Bertus looks at me and says

"Why on earth would....... you?"

Confusion, anger, and a sense of betrayal mingled in Bertus's mind, and he couldn't seem to make sense of it himself.

a.

Was it?

It felt like something was breaking inside of me.

Too late.

No.

In the first place, was it supposed to be like this?

Was it my destiny to reach the end of it all and end up like this?

Just one more step.

I wonder if not being able to take that last step was my destiny.

"Grab it."

At Bertus's brief command, they moved.



* * *



His arms were tied and his eyes were blindfolded.

That wasn't all.

"I hear you're using the power of a spirit, gag him so he can't talk."

Bertus's simple instructions left me speechless.

The good news is that the only thing taken from me was the Flame of Hua Yao. The invisible Ring of Sarkegar was not taken, so I was still in Reinhardt's form.

Indeed, it was a tool of concealment and disguise, and the Dreadfind clan heirloom would not be able to detect a pat-down unless I removed it.

I was grabbed by the knights and taken somewhere.

Something is wrong.

I don't know the extent of his suspicions about me. But Bertus knew something.

I don't know where or how it went wrong, but I now have over 100,000 achievement points. I don't see how resigning can fix the situation.

Which building in the temple, and where it is believed to be deep underground.

-Bang! Bang!

I could hear the rattle of chains.

And when the blindfold came off, I couldn't help but notice.

It's impossible to resolve doubts by retirement.

-Crrr.......

Like me, he could see Lykanslof in a cage with a gag in his mouth.

Red hair.

No.

It was blood, and its original coat was white.

It was a white lycanthrope with seven armors of blood on its body.

-Bang! Bang!

The chained lycanthrope struggled, his eyes flashing with madness. But whatever chains he was bound with, they were only tightening, not breaking.

Loyar.

And full moon.

Even if I didn't know the specifics, I couldn't help but understand.

Loyar has been captured.

And Loyaar had been seen during the Demon's Attack.

"Need I say more?"

Bertus, standing next to me, asks in a cold tone.

Even if we don't know how we got here, the result is clear.

It was clear that I was one of the Devil's minions, or perhaps the Devil himself.

Although.......

Use retirements.

I know I'm the devil, but people believe me.

That they'll trust my intentions.



[This retirement operation cannot be performed].



I was destined to kneel before the mountain of lies I had built up for myself.

So that, again, was not possible.





