Episode 435.





Temple, the temple of the sun god.

"......."

Ellen was lying in bed, staring blankly up at the ceiling.

"Looks like Reinhardt is back at....... I think he's back."

"......."

Charlotte, who had gone off somewhere to talk for a bit, came back and told Ellen that.

In her fight with Loyar, Ellen came close to death several times.

Even as a Swordmaster, Lycanthrope's power, unleashed by the full moon, was too much to handle.

Lement and Lapelt.

Without the two holy relics, we might have lost.

In a daze, Ellen succeeded in subduing Lycanthrope and dragging his body out of the sewers before he passed out.

The soldiers and knights who followed Ellen completed the rest of the work.

The priests healed him, but the fatigue that threatened to overwhelm him never returned.

Adriana was taken into custody.

I assured Charlotte that I had nothing to do with this, but you never know what might happen.

They pursued the truth, and after only two days, they arrived at it.

It wasn't hard to pick up on the clues scattered everywhere.

But dealing with the easy truth is another matter.

"Ellen."

"Yes."

Charlotte asks, not looking at Ellen.

"Is Reinhardt the....... the devil?"

Ellen stares up at the ceiling in silence.

Maybe not the Devil, maybe Reinhardt is one of his minions.

But a confession that was just a joke.

That's now the final piece of the puzzle.

All the arrows of doubt and suspicion were pointed at Reinhardt.

"Yes."

Ellen says, her eyes unfocused.

"It will, I'm sure."

Reinhardt is the devil.



* * *



The temple was silent.

The arrest of the warrior Reinhardt on suspicion of being a demon was a highly secretive affair.

Those who knew a little bit about it were silent.

Then, the elite forces of the Empire, including Saviolin Tana, who had traveled to Darklands to search for the missing Reinhardt, returned at the call of the Empire.

That included, of course, the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan and Herriot.

Herriot, who had been stamping his feet, his complexion white from the failure to find the missing Reinhardt, turned more than white when he heard the story of the Archduke St. Thuan, who had returned from an audience with the Emperor with Saviolin Tana.

"Moo, what are you talking about, Dad......?"

The Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine was not the only one who didn't understand the situation.

"It is very likely that Reinhardt is a demon....... His Majesty has told me."

"Uh......? What do you mean by that?"

It was something she'd never thought of, and though she heard the words correctly, she doubted her ears, wondering if she'd heard them right.

Archduke Saint-Thuan briefed the Emperor on the progress of Charlotte and Ellen's investigation and Bertus's final instructions.

She's not smart enough to understand all that talk.

But I couldn't believe it.

"There must be a misunderstanding....... There's a misunderstanding. It can't be, Dad. Reinhardt is....... Reinhard is a man. He's a human being. He's a human being....... So how can Reinhardt be......."

The Archduke gently picked up the flailing Herriot.

"That's right. If there was a misunderstanding, it will be cleared up."

"Yeah, something, there's a misunderstanding, obviously......."

Reinhardt's last words echoed in Herriot's mind in a faint consciousness.

'I wanted to save everyone.......'

There's no way that Reinhardt is the devil.

It can't be the devil.

But Herriot clearly remembered the presence at Reinhardt's side at that moment, an unidentified but powerful being.

Out of the corner of his eye, Herriot sees someone walking out of the Tetra, the central palace of the Imperial Palace.

Saviolin Tana.

Herriot watched as the pale-complexioned leader of Shanapelle left the Tetra, staggered, and slumped to the ground.

-Sir!

-Grooming!

Many of the knights rushed to their leader, who collapsed in a heap as his legs gave out.

The.

It was a huge question mark, suspicion, and shock on everyone's mind.



* * *



I was gagged.

This was to keep his mouth shut in case he used the power of the spirits to say something stupid.

But because of that, I couldn't make any excuses or say anything to defend myself.

So far, why I did it.

The reasons for the things I've done so far.

I was not given the slightest excuse or opportunity to defend myself.

I did all of this to stop the Gate from destroying the world, and now that I've found Akasha, I've accomplished my goal.

I wasn't even given the opportunity to say that.

That I have the power of words.

My greatest superpower is now my worst curse.

Just as even the power of tongues given to me was a device to prevent me from saying anything in this situation.

I was unable to say anything for myself, or for those who would feel betrayed by me.

Trapped underground in the dark, I couldn't sense time, but I knew it was daylight.

Loyar has returned to his human form.

Loyar was locked in a cage across from me.

Loyar, gagged, looks at me.

"Uh....... u....... uu......."

Tears welled up in Loyar's puffy eyes.

I wonder if he thinks he's the reason I got caught.

Well.

I don't think so.

The accumulation of events was bound to reach a critical mass and explode at some point, it just happened to be at the wrong time.

I didn't know what I was getting myself into, but if this was what it was going to take, I might as well do it. This is what was supposed to happen, so this is what's going to happen.

Self-defeating.

That's what it felt like.

So I shake my head at Loyar, who can't speak, but is looking at me, wide-eyed and crying. At least I had the freedom to move my head.

Maybe it's your fault.

I don't think so.

I wonder if my heart was in the right place.

Loyar didn't stop crying, but he grew more animalistic and feverish.

Where is this in the temple.

Unknown.

However, the Empire seems to have decided that since I was captured in the Temple, it was better to keep me there rather than transport me to the Imperial Palace.

-jerky

Soon, the guards were replaced.

The knights of Shanapelle and the wizards of the Imperial Mages.

Immediately, those who left with me yesterday on a mission have arrived to spy on me, now an alleged demon.

As if the world had turned upside down in a single day, everything had changed.

Two cages.

Soon, I knew who was closest to me and who would be watching Loyar.

Saviolin Tana.

She stares down at me, chained to the cage.

She didn't seem to understand the situation yet.

"Reinhardt."

"......."

She calls to me from outside the cage.

"You're the devil?"

He's gagged and can't say anything.

Better.

Yes, I am the devil.

Or, in this case, lie about it.

I didn't want to put any words in my mouth.

Saviolin Tana stares wide-eyed at me over the bars.

"No way....... that you saved the Empress......."

"......."

Yes.

I can't help but come to this conclusion.

In the chain of events, it all comes down to me saving Charlotte.

We can only assume that this was done to keep the spirit of the ancestral demon alive.

In the name of saving everyone, every action I take to protect someone will be an arrow back at me.

I could understand in my head that this thought process was going on.

I couldn't help but feel hopeless and miserable.



* * *



Naturally, I wasn't just trapped and watched.

"The dispel is not working."

"Yeah, well, if that were the case, it would be a spell that would break the moment you crossed the Temple Gate."

She must have deduced that I was changing my appearance. After hearing the wizard's report, Saviolin Tana stares at me.

"Did you use some kind of polymorph magic......."

Sarkegar's ring, which specializes in camouflage, was undetected by the wizards' magic.

Saviolin Tana looks at me still. As if she wants to believe that I'm really just a human.

But I know that my guardian is a lycanthrope who is clearly the devil's pawn.

And at the point where I have two holy relics, I can hardly be considered anything more than a minion of the devil.

Unless you were a demon or something, there was a perception that you couldn't have two holy objects.



* * *



How much time has passed.

I wonder if the Council and the Black Order realize what I've become now.

What would happen if we found out.

With no real sense of time, I could see what I was about to face.

"Your Highness......."

I heard Saviolin Tana speak to someone, her voice filled with concern.

Soon, a human figure appeared in front of the cage.

It was Charlotte.

Charlotte stared at me.

"Open it."

"Your Majesty, no."

"Open it."

Charlotte only said that twice. Saviorin Tana finally gave in to Charlotte's strong will and opened the door to the cage.

Charlotte knelt in front of me, bound and gagged.

Charlotte looks at me.

I couldn't fathom the depth of emotion in his eyes, the depth of his betrayal.

Charlotte looks at me and asks.

"You've lied to me so many times, so far."

"......."

"So just this once, just this once, let's be....... be honest. Just this one time. Just this one time....... be honest."

Charlotte looks at me.

Even in this situation, they kneel before me, begging for the truth.

"You're....... right?"

You didn't ask what's right, but I know what you're asking.

Is this the same kid you escaped the demon castle with?

Am I the devil.

That's what we're asking.

I'd say no.

At this point, I'm starting to feel like I'm lying.

There is no escape, and the truth that I am the devil is a truth that must be revealed.

There's no way you're going to get off scot-free and go back to your old life without raising any suspicions.

So far, we've fooled Charlotte.

I've lied to Charlotte more than anyone else.

And now that it's all over, I have to tell the now tired lie again.

No.

I'm exhausted.

I got tired of piling on the lies.

I look at Charlotte.

If you lie this far, you'll end up feeling even more betrayed.

I felt that if I denied it, something even more irreversible would happen.

Too late.

I couldn't let the misunderstanding build any further.

-nod

I nodded, still gagged.

"You know I....... You know....... I......."

With her head down, Charlotte murmurs in a shaky voice.

I was crying.

"What the hell am I....... you....... What did I do wrong......?"

There is no such thing.

"Why me, why only me, why me....... Why me like this....... Did you have to bully me? Was I that....... Did you hate me? Yes, the Empire wiped out the Demon Realm and you're trying to get revenge....... I get it....... Did I....... replace....... To go to this....... How much I cared about you, how much....... how much I thought and....... You know how I did, and then I forgot you. Again, to the point where relying on you....... Was that your calculation?"

I wanted to save you.

"What did you want to do with the demon spirit inside of me? Yeah, it was weird, somehow. You asked me to take you to the Palace of Spring because you thought I was in trouble, and you showed up just in time to stop me from going on a rampage, and that was all.......? Because you're the Devil's son......? Because you knew what was going on with me from the beginning....... because you knew everything......."

I had nothing to say about the puzzle I was putting together on my own.

If it had a mouth, it could have said something.

I'm wondering why I didn't say something sooner, and if there's anything I can say.

Now I can say it, and you'll think I'm telling another lie because I've already been caught.

"If you married me....... If you married me....... you could have taken over an empire....... Did you even think about that......?"

Yes.

I can see how you could even think that.

You might think that my engagement to protect you was a plot by the devil to take over the empire by marrying a princess who was out of contention for the imperial throne.

Bertus was the one who proposed the betrothal to the princess, but I was the one who accepted.

I'm not rebuilding the demon world, I'm an empire-devouring demon who makes his enemies his own.

It was a plausible plan, if I do say so myself.

Of course, that was never the intention.

If that's the case, then Ellen, who prevented that from happening by becoming the Empress's Guardian Knight, becomes a hero to the Empire.

"If I....... so....... to you so much, so much....... wrong?"

I was taken advantage of from start to finish.

Since my escape from the Demon Castle. Meeting me at the Temple, getting to know me, my role as messenger, my treatment of Charlotte, and the many lies I've told will eventually be understood as part of my ambition to take over the Empire.

So there she was, in front of me, shaking with betrayal, unable to cry properly.

"You'd rather have killed me....... I'd rather you killed me......."

"......."

"Well, if you're going to make me more miserable than dead....... You should have just killed me......."

It was actually the devil who saved him.

I realized it was the devil, and now I had to rely on someone else, and even he was the devil.

You can't help but think you've been played.

"That must have been fun....... playing with me like that....... Me, not knowing anything and smiling at you....... crying in front of you, and all the times I did that....... was fun, wasn't it......?"

Charlotte looks at me.

Charlotte's vacant gaze bores into me.

"All those moments of trying to cling to you, not knowing you had enemies in front of you, not knowing you were being used, not knowing that....... Wasn't it ridiculous and unbearable?"

No.

I look more ridiculous than anything else right now.

It's the reality of doing something that shouldn't have been done at all, causing all of this, and ultimately causing the collapse of everything.

My now is funny.

"If you....... in the world....... I hope you die in the most miserable way in the world......."

Charlotte mumbles to herself.

"I don't want to be comfortable when I die, and I don't want to be in the bottom of hell when I die, and I don't want to be tormented for all eternity....... I hope so......."

Charlotte curses me.

What did I do so wrong.

Charlotte kept saying that in front of me.

That's what I wanted to say.

What did I do so wrong.......





第 436页





Helped to her feet by the knights, Charlotte staggered to the ground and found two people waiting for her.

Ellen and Harriet were waiting.

A temporary jail-like space to hold students who have caused incidents inside the temple.

The area was now being guarded by Shanapelle and the highest ranking mages of the Imperial Mage Corps.

Literally, it was so well guarded that not an ant could get in.

The makeshift camp where Reinhardt was now confined was even more guarded than the Tetra, the central palace where the emperor resided.

Herriot still couldn't believe what was happening, and Ellen looked calm.

Ellen didn't say anything, just that she didn't want to show it.

When Charlotte said she could come in with her, Ellen shook her head.

He said he wouldn't know what to say to Reinhardt if he met him. I denied it.

Charlotte says with dead eyes.

"Reinhardt, the devil is right."

"You're lying....... No, you're not. You're not. Why would Reinhardt......."

Her lips quivered, and she shook her head.

Charlotte didn't say anything to Harriet, who was in denial.

Ellen walked away, supporting Charlotte.

Ellen didn't say anything until the end.

Herriot stared at the camp where Reinhardt was being held, unable to turn away.

Reinhardt himself admitted that he was the devil.

Why.

Why.

When you say you wanted to protect everyone, what then?

Herriot stood there, frozen in place, for a long moment in front of the heavily guarded makeshift camp building.

"No, you don't....... No. No, Reinhardt....... No, it's not......."

Herriot mumbled to himself for a long time, as if possessed by something.

I had a lot of questions for Reinhardt.

What have we been doing all this time?

What the heck did they want?

However, Herriot couldn't even get permission to meet Reinhardt on his own.



* * *



"......."

"......."

The Emperor, Neliod de Gradias, and the First Prince, Bertus de Gradias, sat across from each other, speechless.

Reinhardt.

The man I thought was the hope of the empire turned out to be the devil.

The actions you've taken so far to save Charlotte have actually been the Devil's way of taking over the empire.

"We've made too much of Darklands and the new demon."

"......."

At Bertus' words, the emperor was speechless.

"I almost sold the empire to the devil."

Even the engagement didn't come from Reinhard himself, but from Bertus.

So this is what it's like to be smoked out of your skull.

Without realizing it, I almost snatched up the empire and put it in the devil's mouth.

The warrior who saved Charlotte de Gradias time and time again.

That's why he allowed his betrothal to the First Empress, thinking it was the only way to ensure her safety.

But it was all in the devil's calculations.

Overriding his reputation as a warrior, he accomplishes so much that he overtakes the heir apparent to the imperial throne, Bertus de Gradias, and becomes emperor.

No, there was a way to make Charlotte an emperor.

They don't raise up crumbling empires, they consume them.

The emperor and the prince were in awe and astonishment at the devil's idea, for it was unthinkable that a culprit could have come up with it, and even more so that the plan could have been realized.

"With the power of the demonic realm in my hands, I could have created any number of fake achievements, even one for defeating a demon king, and placed it in my hands, and....... I might have been able to fulfill that ridiculous plan."

"......."

It was all a calculated move.

For planting the demon's spirit in Charlotte, for saving her just in time, and for convincing the imperial family that no one but he could calm her condition.

The kind of revenge that doesn't take down your enemies, but makes them your own.

Clearly, Reinhardt was able to realize his plan.

Bertus realized that even the emperor had a knife at the nape of his neck.

Bertus, as well as Reinhard, had invited the emperor to a private audience several times because of the importance of his presence.

If you wanted to disrupt the empire, you had the option of killing the emperor.

But I endured all those small moments of revenge for a bolder goal.

What transcendent endurance, mental strength, and willpower.

Not knowing the truth, they both recognize that Reinhardt's actions thus far have been in the name of revenge.

That's why they're both horrified by his momentum, which has allowed him to become the empress's closest confidant and even her fiancé in just over a year since he infiltrated the temple.

I thought it was a minor force that I could wipe out at any time, but the demon was right next to me, not poisoning me from afar.

Not by destroying the empire, but by growing the ambition to consume it.

"And when you consider that Reinhardt's closest friends were Ellen Artorius, Olivia Ranze, and Harriet de Saint-Hilaire....... I suppose it might have been possible to push me out."

The warrior's sister.

Saint of the Five Great Houses.

And Herriot de Saint-Étienne used his magic to stop the raining meteors, a feat that even the archmage could have accomplished.

Considering what the three of them could do and how influential they could be, their becoming Demon Men was a disaster for the empire.

Of course, Ellen Artorius played a key role in uncovering the Devil's identity.

If Ellen and Charlotte hadn't picked up on the demon's trail along the way, it's entirely possible that a demon disguised as a human could have consumed the empire.

It was Bertus, the emperor, and he was out of his mind in the usual way.

Because something unimaginable has happened.

"I don't know what to do with it."

But the most important question remained.

You've captured a demon.

But it was also the end of something, and the beginning of a huge headache.

First things first.

To announce to the world that Reinhardt was in fact the Devil or not.

"Aside from the reasons why the Demon was given the choice of two holy objects, that in itself is enough to cause a schism in the Church of God."

"Of course......."

The gods are right.

If so, it could be concluded that since Als and Tuan chose the Devil, the Devil is right.

"They could tell the story that the devil has stolen the holy relic through some nefarious means, or something like that, and the crowds might believe it, but it would still cause a great deal of turmoil within the Order of Als and Tuan."

"Demon worshippers are also a problem, and I'm afraid that some of the Shintoists might try to demonize them."

Bertus and the Emperor's faces were filled with sorrow.

It's also possible that some of the Shintoists will follow the Demon King. Then it was only a matter of time before the entire continent, if not all of its adherents, would be in turmoil.

"We could publicly execute the demon and announce that there are no more Archdemons left in the world to calm public opinion, but....... I think that would be too risky."

"I suppose so. We've got the demon, but not the rest of him, and as long as he's been able to infiltrate the Temple, we'll never know how far he's planted his forces......."

Two important issues.

I have no idea what the extent of the demon's power is.

Public executions are inevitably followed by a rebel takeover. The Archdemon's existence is so vital that any demon loyal to the Demon Realm will lay down their lives for the task of reclaiming it.

And a third.

The Devil wasn't just planning to swallow up the empire.

"It's almost certain that the events at Ritchie's tomb also involved demonic forces."

"Is that so?"

"The Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan was the mastermind of the last incident, and I understand he accompanied Dwyn and Richie on their search for the grave."

The Emperor had received reports from Saviolin Tana and the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, and had compiled their information.

"We still don't know exactly what happened, but it's believed to have been a fight for the possession of a magic tool named Akasha. Dwyndo mentioned that the owner of the dungeon was also named Akasha."

"Akasha......?"

"I don't know the details. From what I've seen of the situation, a number of high-ranking vampires and mages were present, and I believe it was Lothar Dwyn who knew of Akasha's whereabouts. However, one of the demon's forces has betrayed him and seems intent on capturing Akasha........ I don't know. Whether the Demon King failed or succeeded in securing Akasha."

"What is Akasha?"

"I don't know."

The Emperor shook his head and added.

"But from Tana's reports, it's the stuff that makes you a god."

It's the kind of thing that makes you giggle when you hear it, but the fight to get it has caused a lot of trouble.

The moon grows many times larger, and mythical, mega-scale magic.

If it's something that those beings would fight for, you'd be right.

"We don't know what this Akasha thing is, but we can't just kill the demon at this point. If it's in his hands, that's one thing, but if it's in the hands of one of his minions, that's another."

Just as the great Valier so foresaw.

No one can bear to see a weapon capable of destroying them in the hands of an enemy.

As Luna Artorius would say.

Not out of greed for Akasha, but out of fear of Akasha.

Once the empire learned about Akasha, they couldn't help but want it.

After all, at this point, the Demon would have to die at some point, but he couldn't be killed right now.



* * *



Bertus made his way to the prison where Reinhard of the Temple was being held.

Reinhardt was the devil.

It made me suspicious of things I hadn't suspected before, and it raised a lot of questions.

However, there were questions that were answered.

It didn't make any sense to me at all, but what I couldn't understand, I now understood completely.

Female.

Reinhardt wasn't quiet to begin with.

But as if infiltrating the temple and keeping quiet weren't bad enough, the devil cross-dresses.

It was completely incomprehensible, and Bertus drew a simple conclusion from it.

Maybe the devil is supposed to be a woman.

In other words, she was a princess, not a prince of Darkland.

For now, it's clear that demons have the ability to shape-shift and disguise their bodies.

That's why he used Charlotte, who has the soul of a demon, and took on the form of a man to win her heart.

We don't know if he entered the temple to take advantage of Charlotte de Gradias, but he may have decided that it was more advantageous for him to assume a male form than a female one.

That's why I took on the persona of Reinhardt.

However, after being in the form of a man for so long, it must have been so frustrating that she wanted to return to her original form.

So I think she was expressing that inner need in a bizarre way by entering a cross-dressing contest.

Otherwise, Bertus couldn't see why a demon would enter a cross-dressing contest.

'When I think about it, I was closer to my female classmates because....... because of that?'

After all, it was a demon-human relationship and there was a sinister agenda, but if you consider that the female classmates hung out with him because they were more comfortable inside, it was not unreasonable for him to behave in a feminine way.

In the midst of his thoughts, Bertus was able to come to a conclusion about the Demoness, who had been tormenting him for so long with so little benefit.

The devil was a princess.

That explains everything.

He was plotting to use her to take over the empire, but deep down, he didn't want to forget who he really was.

Some.......

"......."

Bertus paused to think.





