Episode 439.





Of the current Temple sophomores, only four know that Reinhardt is a demon.

Bertus, Charlotte, Ellen, and Harriet.

There's a strict code of silence, no one knows what's going on, and everyone just knows it's weird. The story hadn't spread yet.

However, everyone was puzzled that Reinhardt hadn't been seen for a few days.

When asked where Reinhardt had gone, neither Ellen nor Harriet could say.

How many days.

Ellen didn't go to any of the classes.

I just sat in my royal class dorm and did nothing.

Right now, Ellen was sitting in the corner of the rehearsal hall, leaning back in a daze.

You have become a Swordmaster.

Miraculously, the youngest Swordmaster in history emerged.

Ellen Artorius' name will go down in history.

"......."

But whatever.

Ellen sat dazedly in the far corner of the rehearsal hall, her head buried between her knees.

What you get is strength.

And the truth.

All we lost was Reinhardt, and only one.

But Ellen felt like she had lost everything.

When I heard Charlotte's story about searching for the demon's trail, I didn't expect to find it.

It was like grasping at straws.

But within two days, I was able to get to the bottom of it.

The truth she wanted to know became the worst truth of all, and it stared her in the face.

What was the point of all the time I'd spent with Reinhard, from the beginning to now?

Reinhardt wondered what the hell he was thinking.

My brother killed a demon.

He couldn't have liked his brother.

After they had gotten somewhat closer, Ellen confessed to Reinhard that she was the sister of Lagan Artorius.

What was Reinhardt thinking then?

Given the seemingly unsurprised reaction, perhaps Reinhardt knew it all along.

She thought about it, but Ellen didn't know the answer.

Ellen had been instrumental in tracking down the demon, so if she wanted to see Reinhardt, she would be able to.

However, when faced with Reinhardt, who was now certain to be a demon, he felt he could say nothing.

Reinhard's betrothal to Charlotte was not by choice or anything else, but to take control of the empire.

Herriot created the Magical Research Department to create items to strengthen his army.

Then I.

What was I.

What did Reinhardt want for himself?

If the goal was to create this sense of betrayal and hopelessness, Reinhardt succeeded.

The man I loved was actually the son of the devil who killed my brother.

The Devil's son knew that, but he approached him anyway.

Well, that was Reinhardt's idea of revenge.

I thought you liked me.

You'll like me, I thought.

In fact, I hated him more than anyone.

I hate her more than anyone, and I want to torment her to death because she's the sister of the man who killed my father.

For the betrayal, deprivation, and despair you'll feel one day.

Had he spent more time with her than anyone else and misled himself?

How much do you have to hate to do that.

He didn't think for a moment that Reinhardt hated him, and he didn't get any indication that he did.

The demon is dead, and Darkland is doomed.

A demon who has lost everything, who has seen his world destroyed, has even less reason to like himself, let alone his empire and humanity.

Reinhardt never liked himself from the beginning, not even once.

I think so.

I think so, but.......

"......."

I feel like I'm lying.

I have countless moments and hours of proof that Reinhardt likes me and wouldn't have done it otherwise.

I think Reinhardt liked me.

As much as you love Reinhardt, if not more.

I think Reinhardt liked himself, too.

The look on his face, the words we'd shared, the memories we'd shared, couldn't have been a lie. There was no way to disguise those feelings and words.

I think so.

The reality was that Reinhardt had more reasons to hate him than to love him.

"Black....... ugh......."

With her face buried between her knees, Ellen sobs.

Reinhard would hate humanity.

Reinhard would hate the Empire.

The warrior who struck the final blow in the collapse of Darklands.

You will hate Lagan Artorius.

So you will hate and loathe yourself, your own kinsman.

All the moments you've had, and still have, that feel too real to doubt, must be false because they are.

Reinhardt hates me.

So why didn't he kill himself?

I'm sure there were plenty of moments where I could have killed myself by getting too strong.

There are plenty of ways to handle this without having to use your own hands.

Why have you kept me alive this long.

Why have you been watching me all this time.

Maybe it was because he wanted to make them despair more than he wanted to kill them.

Because death is too easy and too convenient.

Not to die, but to feel what it's like to lose everything, to be betrayed by the one you love most.

No.

For a very long time, Ellen taught Reinhardt the sword in a serious way.

Reinhardt has worked hard on his own, but he credits Ellen with getting him to where he is today.

Ellen, she taught the demon himself how to use a sword.

You've been taken advantage of.

I didn't realize they were enemies, and I taught them hard.

Was it really him who was supposed to teach the sword?

I don't know.

Ellen can't know Reinhardt's heart or the Devil's mind.

"......."

But Ellen cries.

Because you caught the devil by the tail.

Just like your brother caught the devil.

You've captured a demon yourself.

You'll make a name for yourself as a warrior brother and sister, but you'll go down in history for it.

It's all over.

Because.

There was nothing Ellen could do but cry.

-Woof

A sudden sound made Ellen look up.

Without even calling it out, something floated in the air in front of Ellen.

"Ramen......t?"

Floating in front of me was a summoned moon sword that I hadn't even called for.

Ramen is summoned, but he doesn't look like his usual self.

The blade of the new sword, Ramen, with its eerie foreshadowing of the moon, was unusually alien.

Rament's blade was tinged with darkness.

No, it wasn't darkness.

Ellen could see twinkling lights shining in the blackness of the common laments.

It's not dark.

Like a slice of the night sky, Ramen's sword was projecting the night sky.

Night, or part of the void in space.

That's what was being projected onto Ramen's kenshin.

"What......?"

Ellen clutched at the ramen as it floated through the air.

The dull blackness was a clear projection of fading starlight, space, and galactic fragments.

The condition for laments is tears.

Soon, sadness.

Ramen responded to Ellen's sadness.

The true power of ramen, a relic of the moon god Mensis.

A shard of night, in the form of a sword.

Ellen stared blankly at the Void Sword Ramen.



* * *



Ellen and Charlotte were devastated, and neither of them showed up for Temple classes, too overwhelmed to even lick their wounds.

Bertus was trying to deal with the situation in his own way, trying to minimize the damage and gather any remaining clues of discord or doom.

The demon told him to kill himself.

But we don't know what the Demon's death will bring, and Akasha's whereabouts are unclear.

So Bertus was spending what seemed like an eternity with his hands tied, unable to use them.

Everything Reinhardt has done so far is reinterpreted under the premise that Reinhardt is the Devil.

I've gotten close to Ellen and Charlotte for revenge.

I used Ellen to hone my sword skills.

He wanted to use Charlotte to take over the empire.

The development of the Power Cartridge and Moonshine were intended to strengthen his army.

If so, the last.

"Dimensional magic research is....... What the hell was that......."

Bertus said as he sat Herriot down in front of him.

Herriot looked just as desperate.

Bertus was hanging out in the upper floors of the camp building where Reinhard was being held.

It was a dangerous place, but it was important, and that's why Bertus couldn't leave.

So Bertus was stationed here, being briefed on what was going on, and calling people in to tell him what he needed to know.

In the basement of this building is Reinhardt.

In the upper office, Herriot and Bertus sat across from each other.

There must be some misunderstanding, but it is clear that Reinhardt is a demon. His appearance has been altered by some sort of magic.

Reinhardt's own confession, as well as the look in Lykanslof's eyes and expression when he was captured, and the way he screamed whenever violence was inflicted on Reinhardt, were more than enough evidence.

Reinhardt is the devil.

Herriot can't deny it now.

So what was all that talk about protecting everyone?

Was it just a lie to keep things confusing until the very end?

Herriot, unsure of himself, answered all the questions Bertus had asked so far.

It was Herriot who said something about power cartridges and Moonshine's gun.

Bertus had asked about the work of the Ministry of Magic, and he felt he couldn't lie anymore.

Considering that much of Reinhardt's work has been part of the rebuilding of the Darklands and revenge against humanity, there's a lot to the story.

But dimensional magic research.

The dimensional magic research that Reinhardt was so strangely obsessed with is a mystery to me.

"It was a suggestion you made at the beginning because you wondered if there was another world?"

"......Yes."

Otherworldly.

It was just so out of left field.

But Herriot was intrigued, so he began to investigate, eventually gaining access to the Imperial Ministry of Magic's research archives.

This led me to research warp gates rather than otherworldly portals.

"What the hell was I going to do with this world?"

It's not just that it doesn't make sense, it's that it's too far-fetched for a demon to do.

Although he dismissed it as bullshit, Reinhardt had told Bertus about the gate situation.

Something called the Gate Crisis opens, and most of humanity dies.

I tried to stop it.

Of course, Bertus didn't believe it.

I searched the world for a way to stop the gate.

If that statement is false, what do you really want?

Is it really true that I forgot about Akasha?

And Dwin as a mage of Cantus Magna, whom Herriot had met at the Imperial Institute of Magic.

His whereabouts are unknown at this time, but it is now clear that he has ties to Akasha.

"I guess it comes down to that Akasha thing again......."

Dwin called Akasha an object that could become a god.

Reinhardt called it the instrument of creation.

If you can create a world with the tools of creation, it makes sense that you would be a god if you could create that world at will.

The Ancestor Demon Balie had created a world through Akasha and tried to migrate demons to it.

But Reinhardt had Akasha and didn't realize it until now.

I didn't know what was true and what was false.

However, the demon told him to kill Akasha before she could be used for destruction.

If you're going to give up your life so easily, what have you built up to this point?

"I....... I want to believe in Reinhardt......."

With her lips pursed, Harriet speaks in a desperate voice.

Even though she knew she shouldn't have said that, she covered her face with both hands, fuming.

I want to trust Rheinheit.

Bertus understood how Herriot felt.

How nice it would be if Reinhardt was actually just a nice guy.

But that's not possible.

"Saint-Thuan."

"ugh, ugh......."

"I hate to say this, but would you listen to me?"

"Yeah....... What do you mean?"

"I am your father....... I killed the Archduke of Saint-Thuan and pushed the entire Duchy of Saint-Thuan out of existence, killing and slaughtering the people who lived there, even taking them as slaves and selling them."

"......?"

Herriot froze at the sudden outburst.

Bertus taps his fingers on the table with a stern expression.

"And, here's a button."

"If you press this button, you can give me back what you've been given."

"The empire is destroyed, everyone in the imperial family dies, and everything in the empire is lost."

"You, are you confident that you won't push that button?"

At that, Harriet bit her lip.

Reinhard is a demon, and humanity has taken everything from him.

If you love to hate, and you have a device for realizing that hate through destruction, there's no reason why it shouldn't work.

It's impossible for a demon to love humanity.

It's not logical for the devil to want peace.

Reinhardt is the devil.

That's why it hates humanity.

So it's impossible to trust Reinhardt.

As Bertus said, Herriot thinks of it as his own case.

My father and his entire family were murdered, everyone in the duchy was killed, and the country was wiped out.

The last royalty of the country that did.

What would Herriot de Saint-Ouen do in such a situation?

They will go crazy with revenge.

I'm sure they'd do anything to pay you back.

In my case, I know I'm going to do that just by thinking about it.

That's what the devil did to mankind. It's no wonder he hates us.

So, if you want to believe Reinhardt, it's a foolish wish, out of context.

In front of Bertus' stern face, Herriot couldn't say anything about wanting to trust Reinhardt.

But.

Nevertheless.



"Bam.



Then.



'No matter what happens in the future....... just remember this one thing.......'



I heard in my dim consciousness.

Reinhardt's words.

Herriot still says it.

I wanted to believe it.



'I wanted to save everyone.......'



Reinhardt's words seemed to foreshadow a sad fate.

The desperation in those words.

Herriot wanted to believe.





