Episode 440.





After Herriot returned, Bertus sat in his office, contemplating.

The demon looked like he'd rather die.

He said this could lead to bigger problems.

Why?

Wouldn't it be better to use Akasha to survive?

Why the devil.

Pretending to care about humanity.

It destroyed their world, killed their father, and if Valier truly died for that purpose, then Valier must hate humanity.

The Devil has no reason to care about the well-being of humanity.

There is nothing like that level of forgiveness and reconciliation in the world.

Balie's statement that he wants peace is therefore necessarily false.

In fact, it's entirely possible that everything you hear about Akasha is a lie.

To kill the devil or not to kill the devil.

Once Akasha is in the hands of the Devil's minions, and they attempt to use it to recapture the Devil, some unforeseen disaster is bound to occur.

Akasha is used by the Devil's minions to reclaim the Devil.

So, if you kill the Demon, will his minions, who have lost hope, not use Akasha?

It can't be.

If things go that way, Akasha will be used to avenge the dead demon.

In any case, Akasha is used.

There is only one way for Akasha not to be used, and that is to release the demon.

But what if an unleashed demon uses Akasha to destroy the world?

That's the worst possible ending for humanity.

If the stories about Akasha are true.

It's also true that I lost my memory and didn't know anything until now.

It's also true that we know the future.

And it's also true that there's this huge catastrophe with the gate thing or whatever.

Is it also true that the Devil was trying to stop it for the good of humanity?

It's too much to ask to believe such a lie.

The Devil has built up so many lies over the years that we can't trust anything he says in this situation.

Should the demon be killed, spared, or set free?

Bertus felt lost, at a crossroads where nothing could be the right answer.



* * *



Olivia Ranze has returned to the ecliptic.

It's been a long time coming, and we're just about to wrap up our investigation of the Demon Gods.

In the southern part of the continent, in the Gelkorgis Desert, a number of cities that had become so desertified that their inhabitants had abandoned them, were strongholds of the cult.

With a vast area of desert uncharted territory, it was only natural that the headquarters of the Demon Gods would be located in a place where ordinary people couldn't go.

Olivia's immense divine power was an identification card and a ticket in itself.

Olivia's original intention was to kill the Demon King that the cultists were following, should he ever show himself.

But the demigods knew nothing about the demon king. They had no real contact with the Demon, except to say that he represented the will of the gods.

Knowing that they were merely followers of the Demon Lord, they could only hope that the last attack on Raziern by the Demon Cultists was not the work of the Demon Lord.

Killing the demon directly was out of the question, so Olivia decided to do the next best thing.

A complete wipeout of the cultists, who may turn to the devil's side at any moment.

It was something she couldn't do alone, so Olivia returned to the ecliptic.

I was going to lead the main body of the Crusader Knights and wipe the desert of Gelkorgis clean.

This was a good time to do it, as the situation would be even more troublesome once the demon had made full contact with the cultists.

On her return to Huangdao, Olivia encountered something strange.

"Olivia Ranze, follow me for a moment."

Before Olivia could reach the Crusader headquarters, Imperial knights blocked her path.



* * *



Olivia was led into the Temple by the Knights, not by the Crusaders' headquarters.

I had come to the temple to catch a glimpse of Reinhardt's face, so it didn't change the fact that I had come to the right place, but it felt a little strange to be dragged there.

And Olivia felt a little weird.

Of course, it's the times they are a-changin', but the atmosphere inside the temple seemed overly rigid.

Most of the people coming and going were not students, and there were more armed troops than usual.

The knights and wizards escorting Olivia didn't look like anything out of the ordinary, either.

Inside the temple, in a counseling room in the General Headquarters.

I couldn't help but feel like I'd been dragged into an interrogation room, and soon someone entered.

A knight of Shanapelle, whom I had seen during the raid on Rizaira. Scotra Kelton sat down in front of Olivia.

"I told him not to use coercive means, but I'm not sure how that went."

Olivia stared at the stern-faced, middle-aged driver.

"It wasn't coercive, but....... What? Did I do something wrong?"

The strange atmosphere made Olivia blunt.

Now that you've pinpointed the location of the cultists, you've done no wrong and have done the Empire a great favor. Of course, we haven't seen it yet.

At Olivia's words, Scotra Kelton shook her head.

"No, that's not true at all, we trust her, but due to some important facts that have recently come to light, she needs a lot of attention and care."

"Important facts?"

"......."

Scotra Kelton stares at Olivia for a moment.

Like you're pondering something deeply.

"Ms. Olivia, would you like to summon Tiamata?"

"......?"

As if she could do anything, Olivia summoned Tiamata and set her down on the table.

"You are sharing Tiamata with Mr. Reinhardt, is that true?"

Scotra Kelton saw Olivia holding and wielding a tiara that should have belonged to Reinhardt during the Lizaira incident.

"Yeah, you saw that."

Olivia narrowed her eyes, as if to ask why she should know. Scotra Kelton nodded stiffly at Olivia's reaction, which was slowly becoming more than a little irritated.

"Mr. Reinhardt turns out to be a demon."

"Is that ......?"

Olivia couldn't help but panic as she suddenly heard something that didn't make sense.

What did I just hear?

Even when I thought about it word by word, I couldn't figure out what I had just heard.

But Scotra Kelton didn't elaborate.

"Therefore, Miss Olivia, who is soul-bound to the devil, must be judged as a person of interest."

"No, I'm asking you what you're talking about!"

"Ms. Olivia, I believe you are innocent, but....... I am recommending that you stay here at the General Headquarters until the situation has calmed down."

"What......?"

"Please, Ms. Olivia....... We don't want to do this either."

Scotra Kelton left the consultation room.

Olivia froze, unsure of what the hell was going on.



* * *



Olivia soon left the counseling room and was led by the knights to one of the staff quarters in the General Headquarters.

It was like a horse's imprisonment. It wasn't just Olivia who lived in the quarters, but Shanapelle's knights as well.

It was clear they were watching in real time.

"What, I'm not supposed to know what's what, I'm supposed to know the context, and what am I supposed to do if you just throw out Reinhardt as the devil?"

It's not Scotra Kelton who's being kept under guard, but a member of the Knights of Shanapelle, the Empire's most powerful knightly order.

So it was clear that there had to be someone who could take out Olivia in a pinch, and it wouldn't be just one person.

The Knight of Shanapelle stares at Olivia with a stern expression.

"Quite literally, Olivia. Reinhardt, the holder of Alsbringer and Tiamata, was a demon who infiltrated the Temple, which was recently discovered and is currently imprisoned within the Temple, and discussions are currently underway to determine his treatment."

It was a longer explanation than Scotra Kelton's, but Olivia still couldn't make sense of it.

"And in light of the fact that Miss Olivia was rescued by demonic forces during the last death of Leviathan Lance, but has kept that fact a secret until now, and that you are sharing Tiamata with a demon, albeit of your own volition, the Empire has deemed it necessary to keep an eye on her."

"......."

"Miss Olivia, if you can just behave yourself for a few days, everything will be fine."

After all, it's possible that Olivia isn't the Devil's Kinnapool, but the Empire wants to keep her under surveillance because of the possibility.

Until the demon's disposition is determined.

Olivia swallowed hard.

Something.

It was clear that something very strange was going on, and most of it didn't even make sense to Olivia.

But one sentence stuck in my head.

Reinhardt was the devil.

So you're bound to be suspicious of yourself sharing a tiara with a demon.

Also, that he was present at the time of the murder of Levi Lance, but has kept it a secret until now.

That's why they're suspected of being in cahoots with the devil.

Olivia could only guess at how she got there.

"Reinhardt is....... Demon......?"

The single truth.

Once she accepts that, all the scattered puzzles that have been complicating Olivia's life come together.

That day, Olivia couldn't understand the demon's behavior, and it bothered her.

Why it saved me.

He was going to kill Leviathan, but he saved himself, an outsider. Why?

Why would raiding a nameless order do anything but good for the empire?

Olivia has been confused all this time because she doesn't know the demon's true intentions.

But Reinhardt was the devil.

If so, everything makes sense.

To protect yourself.

There was no other reason than that.

Somehow, Reinhardt knew Olivia was in danger, which is why he led his forces to attack Leverier Ranze.

The nameless order meant nothing to him, nor did Levereer Ranché itself.

It was a story where Olivia and Adriana were in danger and I only saved them because they were in danger.

The final piece of the puzzle was put together.

Demon and Reinhardt.

If they were the same, I could understand and accept the whole situation.

If the attack on Raziern by the Demonists was the work of the Devil, then the Devil must be evil, or so I thought.

But Olivia now realizes that the Satanists don't actually have much to do with the Devil.

Not selected.

Reinhardt won't look at me.

Always looking elsewhere.

I tell you how much I care about you, but you always turn me away.

That sucks.

That's what I was thinking.

It wasn't.

Reinhardt has already saved himself by taking a very big risk.

It was the same the first time, and it was the same this time.

Reinhardt redeemed himself twice.

"......."

What was it about you that said I'd do anything for you, even when you weren't looking at me.

I'm on your side, even if you don't choose me.

Unbeknownst to her, Reinhardt had already saved her. Risking his life, he mobilized a small force to take on the elite Paladins.

I even risked being found out.

While she verbally vowed to save Reinhardt, he actually saved Olivia, and hasn't been the least bit shy about it since.

On that subject, I was getting a little nervous.

I've been cringing at the subject.

On that subject, I whined about not being seen.

Olivia stood frozen, her mouth agape.

What a shame.

How ridiculous.

How I felt bad for myself every time I grumbled.

I would have been devastated because I wouldn't have been able to reveal the truth.

When Olivia realizes what Reinhardt has sacrificed for her, she realizes that Reinhardt is the devil and that it's probably a good thing.

If anything, it hardened Olivia's heart as the incomprehensible began to make sense.

What he said then.

From there, one part is now untenable.

Because Reinhardt was the devil.

The devil can't hurt Reinhardt.

No matter what.

Even if the world is upside down.

Even if the world is trying to hurt you.

No matter what.

I decided to keep Reinhardt.

The world wants to kill Reinhardt, the devil.

"......."

Therefore, Olivia must protect him. Olivia stares at the silent knight of Shanapelle.

She was staring at Olivia.

The Empire is suspicious of Olivia. She might be on the Devil's side.

Not until now.

Olivia is neither human nor demonic, but only Reinhardt's side.

Reinhardt is trapped somewhere in the temple.

We don't know why, but the Empire isn't going to kill him right away.

A few days of grace.

But for now, Olivia can't get away from Knight Chanapelle and the watchful eyes that have been placed on her.

So they can't break through Reinhardt's cage, which is sure to be more heavily guarded.

It will be a dog's death.

I could risk my life for Reinhardt, but I didn't want to take the chance that neither he nor I would die.

You have to put your life on the line for something that has even the slightest chance of working.

You can't save Reinhardt alone.

If so, you're not alone.

Reinhardt.

Just make sure you're not alone.

"Summon the Crusader Captain."

"......Yes?"

At Olivia's words, Knight Shanapelle of the Watchtower shook his head.

"As the Champion of Tuan and the one responsible for the future of the Five Great Houses, I must report this matter to the Houses and talk to them about their response and position on this situation... now."

"Miss Olivia, what are you talking about......."

"You are not detaining a Temple student. You're exerting political pressure on the Champion of Tuan, who represents the will of the High Priestess."

"What are you talking about, Miss Olivia. This is....... problem, isn't it?"

"He's the chosen champion of Als and Tuan, and we're going to have to do some doctrinal interpretation and inquisition about that, and we're going to have to get all the great houses of worship together to talk about whether there's any sense in the gods choosing him, or whether there's some nefarious machinations involved."

Olivia wants to politicize this work.

It's not about humanity vs. demons.

It's a matter of gods and men.

"You can silence me, but you'll have to bear in mind that keeping me here will cause a great deal of discord between the Empire and the Church of the Lord later on."

If you do not allow me to report this to the Church, you may have to go to war with us in the future.

"So get me a crusader, before I try to get out of here on my own two feet."

that I will make it so.

Olivia was saying it with her eyes.

"And I can't take on all of you. If you think you can't get away with anything......."

Olivia stares out the window, a sour look on her face.

"That's a big miscalculation."

Olivia smiles grimly and looks at the fading knight of Charnapelle.

In her confinement, Olivia was threatening her opponent in reverse.





