Episode 442.





It's been said that we don't avoid things because they're scary, we avoid them because they're dirty.

But Olivia Ranze was dirty and scary.

If you want to make war, stop it, and you point a knife at Olivia Ranze as she pushes in, that's when war happens.

No one wanted to start a war that could tear the continent in two. Except Olivia Ranze.

Eventually, Olivia led the Crusaders beyond the Temple gates and in front of the makeshift camp building where Reinhardt was being held.

The knights and mages of Shanapelle encamped there, as well as the Temple's forces, made sure Olivia couldn't get any closer than that.

The Empire shouldn't have told Olivia anything.

Keeping an eye on Olivia was the best thing that could have happened in that situation, but now it was the worst thing that could have happened, and it was leading back to the Empire.

Olivia, who had led the paladins, stood at the head of the line, looking at Bertus, who had blocked her way.

Behind Bertus are Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages.

Behind Olivia were the paladins of the Crusade.

"Get out of the way."

"I don't think so, sir."

Bertus, now on the verge of crossing the threshold between irritation and anger, stared at Olivia.

"We're the ones with the power over the devil. Hand it over."

Olivia demanded, and Bertus gritted his teeth.

The asshole is out of control.

You don't need to be convinced that your actions will cause continents to split and humanity to self-destruct.

On the outside, they'll give you a reason, but on the inside, you're probably thinking, "So what?

"The Empire is the voice of humanity, so it is only right that the Imperial House decides what to do with the enemy of humanity, the Demon King."

Olivia smirked at Bertus' comment.

"Humans are creatures of the gods. The Empire may have the right to speak for humanity, but doesn't it stand to reason that the Crusader Knights and the Great Houses of the Gods, who represent the will of the gods, should have one level of authority above yours? The collective will of humanity. Yes, speak up."

Olivia's jaw drops.

"I represent the will of God."

Since the creator of mankind is the gods, the will of the gods is higher than the will of man. The will of the gods is more right. And as Tuan's chosen champion, I represent the will of the gods.

What is against me is against God.

Olivia was honestly pushing the terrible logic of what happens when a champion of the gods uses his authority violently.

As Elise once said to Reinhardt.

Relics are powerful objects in their own right, but their political utility is greater.

Olivia Ranze was doing exactly that.

Faced with Olivia's attitude, Bertus, as well as the knights and wizards of the Empire, are fed up.

How is this different from insanity.

Is it really okay for a god-chosen champion to be so unrestrained?

I don't know why anyone would be chosen by God to commit this level of abuse.

Those who are not close to God begin to doubt His intentions.

But the paladins, equally fed up, begin to think differently about Olivia's behavior and speech at that level.

Paladins are close to the gods.

God is right.

So the champions, the masters of the gods' chosen relics, are right the second time around.

For Olivia Ranze, Tuan's chosen one, to act in this way means that the situation is such that the gods have to show their will in such a drastic way.

The champion engages in behavior that is violent, unruly, and seems to have gone a bit insane.

It's not because the champion is crazy.

Because that's what God wants us to do.

The world is in God's hands.

Champions represent the will of the gods.

So Olivia's rant is the more radical it is, the more blind it is, the more unruly it is.

The conclusion is that God wants extreme behavior.

For those who are not close to the gods, he is a champion of madness.

But the more the paladins see of Olivia's tyrannical behavior, the more they realize that the more extreme it is, the more it is supported by God.

So, for a moment, the mood of the paladins was one of fear that a continent-wide war might break out.

Realizing that I have no choice but to support Olivia Ranze's actions, which can only be an absolute good, and recognizing that it is the will of God.

Gradually, the look in his eyes begins to strengthen.

Faith, and faith alone.

It leads to conclusions and behaviors that differ from the universal.

"We are right about the Demon King's recruits. Is there anyone in the Empire who can deny this?"

As Olivia continues to speak, the paladins become increasingly vicious.

We're right because we have champions.

If you die on the spot, if it leads to war, it's God's will.

If you die here, you will die very close to the will of God.

What an honor.

"The Empire has identified and secured the Demon's identity. The Crusaders are now trying to steal the Empire's thunder."

Olivia shakes her head at Bertus's words.

"Yes, thank you for doing a difficult job. The High Priestess will give the Empire the tribute it deserves for your efforts, and may the gods bless you."

It's a cliché, but in the name of God, it's all true.

Even if you are told to see white as black, if it is the word of God, you must do it.

The eye that can't do that becomes the wrong eye.

Why do thine eyes see white, when thou hast seen black?

It's only God who can say that.

Champions are their advocates.

"A favor is a favor, a duty is a duty. I am here to fulfill a duty, not a right, and that duty is to determine if the Demon King is indeed a virtuous being or not."

Bertus gritted his teeth.

There's a lot that can be said.

You share Tiamata with the Devil, and you are doing this to protect him.

Are you not already pure when you share a soul with a demon?

You were once saved by a demon.

You are an enemy of mankind.

But all of those words are set up to create a huge conflict.

To say that the Champion of Tuan is not virtuous is already a major blasphemy.

To doubt Olivia Ranze's intentions is to doubt God's.

Sure, the empire is strong.

So, it's okay to doubt God's will.

Because even if God is an absolute proposition, if you say you disagree with it, that's it.

It could be argued that the gods are transcendent and lend their power to the world, but that they do not give those who wield that power the right to represent their absolute will.

No matter how powerful the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses may be, it is within the Empire's power to push them aside if it chooses.

However, religion is an anchor in its own right, and if the Empire tears it apart, it has already lost the grand idea of embracing all of humanity.

The Empire can wipe out the Five Great Houses and the Crusader Knights, but then the Empire collapses.

The Empire was founded under the banner of uniting many races, many cultures, and many beliefs against the demons.

When such an empire tries to cannibalize large groups of people, it inevitably leads to a situation where the empire loses its legitimacy.

Bertus has a lot to think about.

There's a lot to keep in mind.

Empire, Imperium, Humanity.

Say and do things to defend things that are too big to be true.

But Olivia only wants one thing.

Reinhardt.

That's why he doesn't care about the aftermath, he just wants to save Reinhardt now.

"I said get out of the way."

Olivia took a step, and the paladins behind her took a step, too, with an imposing momentum.

Shanapelle, the Imperial Mages, and Bertus did not back down.

However, if it continues, it will crash.

It was a close call.

If you give Olivia a demon instead of a war, the consequences are obvious.

Olivia will use the logic that since the Demon King has been chosen by the Sacred Object, the High Priestess should support him.

There's no telling where this path will lead.

War is always the worst option. It's even worse when it's between humans.

This is the moment to stop.

We need to stop this lunatic in his tracks.

"Why don't you have a little chat with the devil?"

"......what?"

"You know full well that the demand to hand over a recruit is outrageous, and we have no intention of denying the Crusaders their cause."

First, we need to put the brakes on this impending collision somehow.

One wrong word, one wrong deed, and you could start a war.

Bait the hook.

"Let's talk to the devil for a minute, and then we'll talk about it when he's a little calmer."

"......."

Olivia stares at Bertus.

Olivia doesn't realize that war is the worst option.

And Olivia didn't think it would be possible to hand over a recruit right now.

Olivia is here to practically deliver a warning that if you decide what to do with the Demon, you're in for a world of trouble.

The idea was to make the Empire hesitate to execute Reinhardt right now.

And in the long run, I was going to think of other ways to save Reinhardt.

I'll take you to see Reinhardt.

So back off.

"Good."

Olivia accepted the offer.

"Let me walk you through it."

Naturally, not all of the paladins could go in, so only Olivia, the representative, could go inside.

Not wanting to take it too far, Olivia was led by the Chanapelle knights into the camp.

First, we stalled.

Seeing that Olivia had moved away, Bertus approached one of the knights.

Olivia's rationale.

Relics.

A being that cannot be denied because it has chosen to be.

Demon and Olivia Ranze.

And one more thing.

A person whose very existence is a cause.

Someone who's just as good as Olivia Ranze, if not better.

"Get me Ellen Artorius, now."

You need Ellen Artorius.



* * *



A makeshift dungeon.

Olivia was led by Shanapelle's knights down to the dungeon where Reinhard was imprisoned.

Upon arrival, I could only think of one thing.

"It's impossible to get them out by force.

Outside forces are one thing, but inside the dungeons are those who have crossed even the boundaries of superhumanity.

There was a resident Grandmaster, Saviolin Tana, and a number of Swordmasters, not to mention a number of Archmages, to prepare for any eventuality.

Saviolin Tana, a key manager, hadn't even worked a shift and was practically living here.

"I was wondering what the fuss was about. ......."

Seeing Olivia's stern expression, Savior Tana bit her lip.

"I have the emperor's permission."

Tana narrowed her eyes and moved out of the way, as if she'd gotten the gist of the situation.

Suddenly, Olivia could see Reinhardt hanging in chains.

He was gagged and his eyes were untied.

With her fists balled, Olivia approached Reinhardt and knelt in front of him.

To Reinhardt, who had watched over her for so long, protected her, and now left her in this miserable state.

To your own demon.

Olivia used her divine powers to heal Reinhardt, who was in full bloom.

"Reinhardt......."

Olivia was in tears as she treated Reinhardt.

The unfocused eyes shifted, finally meeting Olivia's. The cloudy eyes still hadn't returned, but they did recognize Olivia.

"I have a sister....... You have a sister......."

"......."

"By all means, by all means....... for you."

With that, Olivia gently nuzzled Reinhardt's bound neck.

After a brief embrace, Olivia brought her hand to the gag in Reinhardt's mouth.

-Thwack!

"I passed it down for a reason. Don't touch it."

Saviolin Tana held her sword to Olivia's throat.

"If you're going to kill me, kill me."

I'd rather die than not even be able to talk to Reinhardt after this mess.

Olivia untied Reinhardt's gag, not caring that Saviolin Tana's sword was at the nape of her neck.

-Took

Reinhardt was still haggard and unfocused in his eyes, though Olivia had restored him to health.

Saviolin Tana, unable to cut Olivia in the end.

"Reinhard, you didn't do anything wrong, did you? You didn't....... You didn't do anything wrong. We're going to have a meeting of the Five Great Houses to prove that you weren't bad at all, so......."

"My sister......."

Reinhard calls out to Olivia in a cracked voice.

It's the first time Reinhardt has ever called her that, and Olivia watches him with wide eyes.

"Don't......."

"......?"

"Don't do that....... Don't do that......."

Raising his head with difficulty, Reinhardt speaks, his eyes unfocused.

"My sister....... And then she died......."

That said.

You know, like, don't do anything dangerous because you're worried about yourself.

"I managed to keep him alive, but....... You did something dubious....... Don't die......."

That said.

"It's a waste....... How....... I saved your life......."

"ugh......."

Olivia eventually burst into tears.

Even in her near-dazed state, she couldn't stand the sound of Reinhardt worrying about Olivia, not himself.

"Do you think this....... You think you're evil demons?"

Through her tears, Olivia looks at Savior Tana, who holds a sword to her throat.

"Do you really think Reinhardt is....... is evil?"

"Even if the only person who cares about me in this situation is the devil....... It can't be evil....... It can't be true......."

"I'm sure Reinhardt had his reasons......."

"Everything Reinhardt has done, he's done for a reason. Maybe he's done it for a reason....... You have to tell the story....... for once......."

"Why."

"Why it had to be done."

"You can at least listen to it......."

"Just because he's a demon, just because he's suspicious, just because he's tied up like a beast, even gagged, and this is....... Right? This is outside the will of the gods....... All of that aside......."

"That's so cruel......."

The tip of Savior Tana's sword wobbled as she pointed it at Olivia.

The devil is.

Is it really evil.

A being telling me not to try to save Olivia because she might be in danger.

How evil can it be.

Could this be a lie?

"Beyond suspicion, beyond circumstance, beyond all that. What the hell did Reinhardt do, what the hell did he do, what the hell did he do......."

The demon's first raid was to rescue demonic captives who were being sold into slavery.

The devil could.

He raided the Crusaders to rescue Olivia Ranze, who was close to him.

Reinhardt was able to.

The final assault was the Empire's own doing.

The devil didn't do it.

It was what Saviolin Tana did at the behest of the Empire.

The Devil is.......

Is it evil?

Saviolin Tana looked at Olivia Ranze and Reinhardt, bit her lip, and sheathed her sword.

What the truth is.

What's true and what's false.

I was dying to know, and so was she.

As much as I'd like to believe Reinhardt wasn't bad, neither was anyone else.

But let's say the demon doesn't hate humanity.

"Why?

There are only reasons to hate it, so why bother.

Because they can't understand that part, they feel betrayed by the devil.

However.

"Reinhardt's words a little....... Even a little....... Listen to me....... Please....... Believe me....... Believe Reinhardt......."

Only Olivia Rancherman, who has nothing but blind trust and love for the Devil.

Olivia Lancemann, whose help has been crucial time and time again.

Let's trust Reinhardt in this situation, I pleaded.





