Episode 443.





In the end, Olivia accomplished her goal.

The Empire has created a situation where they cannot dispose of Reinhardt on their own.

But Reinhardt's recruits were not to be handed over to the Crusaders. Bertus knew what Olivia's true purpose was.

Olivia will do everything she can to change Reinhardt's ways. Since she cannot do it by force, she will use her political power.

Reinhardt didn't have the energy to speak, so Olivia fed him water and porridge.

Only after crying and begging Reinhardt to eat, when he didn't seem to want to, did he take a small bite of Olivia's food.

All that spectacle.

Saviolin Tana watched in silence.

"I'll be back."

Olivia stood up and looked down at Reinhardt sympathetically.

I can't look away, but I can't stay in this position forever. It was in Reinhard's best interest to be busy, not in front of him, but where he couldn't see.

With that, Olivia pushed past Saviolin Tana and made her way through the corridors of the dungeon.

Tana stared at Reinhardt.

Really.

Does the devil have nothing to do with evil?



* * *



When Olivia Ranze returned to the group waiting on the ground, she could see that there was an extra person there.



Somehow, I always felt blind before.

A dark-haired girl who now looks like she has no veins.

Ellen Artorius stood at Bertus's side.

You don't know why you're here, you just came because you were told to come.

He was an empty man, seemingly without thought or will.

What it looks like.

Somehow, it was like Reinhardt in the dungeon.

Just as Reinhardt seemed to have given up on everything in despair.

Ellen Artorius, too, seemed to have given up on everything, feeling betrayed.

Olivia looked over at Bertus, who had pulled Ellen aside, and smiled wryly.

"Oh, I see what you're thinking."

He's threatened by a holy object, so he brings in a warrior with another holy object.

To resist Olivia's tirade, we need a better reason.

Olivia is the champion of Tuan, chosen by Tiamata.

But Ellen is the sister of Lagan Artorius.

Not only does he have the support of the Order of Mensis, but he is also the brother of Lagan Artorius, so he has the support of the majority of the people.

Objectively, Ellen has a better cause than Olivia.

So Bertus brings Ellen in to stop Olivia's rant.

Ellen even has a lapelt, a holy symbol of the sun god.

Reinhard and Charlotte are the only ones who know that Ellen has a lapel.

However, if this is known, Ellen, as the holder of two holy relics, has a stronger case than Olivia.

Naturally, the paladins Olivia brought with her would be confused if Ellen had different ideas than Olivia.

A split in the paladins soon leads to a split in the support, and Olivia is no longer able to carry out her rampage.

Olivia, however, remains still and stares at Ellen.

Olivia doesn't realize that Ellen was instrumental in tracking down the demon.

Just that look.

I knew from the look on her face that she was about to lose everything in the world.

"Are you okay with this?"

"......."

Olivia's words were met with silence from Ellen.

"Are you just going to call Reinhardt an asshole, go cry yourself to sleep, and let him die?"

"......."

"You're that bad, huh?"

With that, the light returned to Ellen's dead eyes.

Anger.

Those cruel words, that her heart was nothing, brought Ellen's dead heart back to life.

"You, you know what."

"You don't really know, do you?"

Olivia raises the corner of her mouth at an angle.

"Well, I can see that you're going to end up in a corner, sobbing, 'Reinhard is the son of a bad demon who killed my brother.'"

Ellen gritted her teeth at the taunt.

"My, my heart....... What I....... what I think....... How I loved Reinhardt....... How I loved....... How I feel....... How does my sister know....... How do you know....... My sister....... What the hell do you know......."

Olivia laughed, covering her mouth, as she watched Ellen finally shake the tears from her eyes.

"Oh yeah, you're sad. Be sad. Be sad. Who said anything?"

Olivia smiles a sinister smile.

It's as if they forgot that a bunch of powerhouses and paladins are watching.

Like you're only thinking about expressing yourself and getting naked.

"Maybe Reinhardt is evil. Maybe he's a bad guy. Maybe he's up to something incredibly evil. Yeah, that's a possibility."

"By the way."

"I'll trust Reinhardt to the end."

"Go to the end of the line and get betrayed or whatever."

"Even if I'm wrong."

"I'll trust you, Reinhard."

"So you were, like, that's all you had."

"Reinhardt is the devil. I'm so scared, so sad, so betrayed, I'm going crazy."

"You're doing it. You're going to wither and die. Like an asshole."

"Either you believe and be unhappy, or you don't believe and be unhappy. If you have a choice."

"I'm going to be unhappy for believing it, do you understand?"

"Not like you, it's different."

I shouldn't have said that in front of the paladins.

But Olivia blurted it out nonchalantly.

I believe in the devil.

"Let's go back."

Olivia gestures to the Paladins, who are stunned by the barrage of bombshells.

Hands in pockets, fiddling.

Instead of being a champion of Tuan, he returns to lead the paladins, looking more like a neighborhood bully.

Ellen's face turned a deep shade of blue.

I, that's all.

I'm too scared to even think about listening.

Either you're unhappy because you believe, or you're unhappy because you don't.

If both are misery, which misery is better.

Shocked that I'd been duped all this time, I sat in the corner of the room.

Everything Olivia Ranze said was true.

I don't think this sentiment is false.

I didn't think I could lose to anyone with the size of my heart.

To stay like this, dumbfounded, fearful, and betrayed.

Ellen didn't know anything else, but she did know one thing.

I don't know what it does well.

If you're crying like this, you must be wrong.



* * *



Olivia Ranze returned to lead the paladins.

Before the entire continent knows of the warrior's existence, rumors will swirl that he was a demon.

Conflict with religious groups was inevitable. Bertus' job now was to keep it from turning into a war.

After Olivia's return, the vigilance dropped, and Bertus walked into the office with Ellen.

Reinhardt is the devil, yes.

Olivia Ranze decided to trust Reinhardt anyway.

I didn't want to think that I could trust it because it had saved me so many times.

Believing makes you unhappy, not believing makes you unhappy.

If there are two paths to take, Olivia Ranze said, believe it and be unhappy.

You were just that good.

Olivia's words stuck in Ellen's chest.

Was it something I could trust?

They've been hiding things like that, and I'm supposed to believe them.

Is it possible.

That's, uh, impossible.

I don't think that's possible.

Ellen had just seen someone who could do that.

Of course, Olivia is technically in the Devil's good graces, so it's easier for her to believe in him.

Ellen thinks.

Everything that's happened so far.

Maybe all that time wasn't a lie. I wonder if believing in Reinhardt can make the time that is now all fake real.

I'm a little more.

Reinhardt, I wonder if I should have trusted him.

What Olivia could do, she couldn't do.

I wondered, was that really all there was to it?

"......."

Ellen could only stare blankly at the table.

"Ellen, you have every right to attend the papal council of the Five Great Houses, you know that, right?"

"...... is it?"

At Bertus's words, Ellen mumbled to herself.

"Olivia Ranze is going to bring the Demon over to the Crusaders' side and then try to justify his actions somehow, so you're the only one who's going to be able to put the lunatic's foot down on that."

"......Yes."

"......."

At Ellen's lackluster response, Bertus crosses his arms and looks at her.

"Do you really want to believe Reinhardt, too?"

"......."

"It's the same for everyone, I want all the crazy stuff Reinhardt says to be true, but I can't believe it, it doesn't make sense, and even if Reinhardt's intentions are true, the problem is still the same."

Ellen bit her lip.

"At this rate, Olivia's going to come up with some bullshit about how the Demon King is the chosen one for two holy relics, so he should be recognized as the champion, and then humanity will be released into the world with the two main religions and the Demon Gods in their hands. Regardless of Reinhardt's claim that he doesn't really hate humans, there could be a second Demon War in the future, let alone two continents. Regardless of Reinhardt's wishes, the division is certain."

It's hard to tell if they're just demons or champions of the gods.

There, the fetishists follow the devil.

Not only does he manage to pull off the miraculous feat of uniting the gods and demons, but he does so in a way that makes him a force completely exclusive to the Empire.

Reinhardt's presence is so huge that even if he didn't want a conflict, it would already be the start of a huge conflict.

Bertus had an empire to protect, and he couldn't allow the demon to be unleashed on the world.

Ellen listened to the story, then spoke up.

"I'll try to make it to the Great Council of Bishops."

Without saying what we're going to talk about there.

"Me....... Can I see Reinhardt....... to see him?"

Ellen said, as if that was the only thing on her mind.



* * *



Standing in front of Reinhardt in chains, Ellen was surprised by the guilt that rose up from the depths of her chest.

It was crucial in capturing the demon that threatened humanity.

It was a job well done, and one for the history books.

But what Ellen felt as soon as she saw Reinhardt's limp form wasn't a sense of exhilaration or vengeance.

The guilt that creeps up on you is overwhelming.

I.

I called Reinhardt.

I made Reinhardt look like this.

"......."

I had no doubt that I would be treated well, but seeing it was another matter.

Ellen's fingertips trembled and her breath caught in her throat as she watched.

It was like someone was squeezing my heart.

Reinhard raises his head with difficulty and stares at Ellen, who stands outside the cage.

Reinhard, gagged, struggling to look at an unseen Ellen with out-of-focus eyes, not sure if he's exhausted or given up.

Finally, when she recognized him and saw the tears forming in Reinhardt's unfocused eyes, she wanted to rip his chest out.

"......."

Are even those tears fake?

It can't be.

No way, no how.

Ellen gripped the bars, her lips trembling as she watched Reinhardt inside the cell.

I.

What the hell did I do.

What did I do?

I want to say I'm sorry.

Knowing she had no right to say such a thing, Ellen remained silent.

The son of the demon who killed his brother.

The ones you've been fooling around with.

All the things you've been doing without telling anyone.

All of that disappeared when he saw Reinhardt's broken body.

It's my fault.

I screwed everything up.

I should have trusted you more.

At the very least, I should have listened.

I didn't.

Fear and panic, betrayal and suspicion.

I didn't even listen.

If I had done that, if I had given it a chance to speak for itself.

No. I actually said.

I said it jokingly, but it could have been a way of trying to deal with my inner frustration and depression.

If you listened to him at all back then.

If I hadn't taken it as a silly, unpleasant prank.

This might not have happened.

He didn't trust Reinhardt.

So.

Everything is broken.

"I am....... I screwed up....... screwed up......."

Savior Tana stares at Ellen, her whole body shaking and sobbing.

Reinhardt is gagged and unable to say anything.

Reinhardt shakes his head, though.

As if it's not your fault.

The sight made Ellen shake even more violently, and she couldn't help but feel sick.

Saviolin Tana stares at the scene.

Ellen Artorius, who had captured the demon herself, broke down at the sight of the captured demon.

Olivia Ranze declared that she would save Reinhardt.

By winning the hearts of so many important beings, Reinhardt opened up the possibility of survival even after he was revealed to be a demon.

If the Devil himself is the owner of the relic, and he has the support of Olivia and Ellen, the Devil can survive through political means, not war.

No, that's not all.

It's possible, even probable, that they'll be able to rip off half of humanity and bring it into their power.

Maybe it's because they've been unmasked, or maybe it's because they've been found out.

Also.

A ploy of the devil.

Saviolin Tana sees the figure of the Devil beyond the crying Ellen.

The devil shaking his head as if to say it's not your fault, so don't cry.

I wonder if that struggle could be a lie.

More and more in Saviolin Tana's mind.

A dark cloud of suspicion and doubt hung over us.





