Episode 444.





An alley somewhere in the ecliptic.

"EpinHauser, why aren't you going along with the Order's decision?"

"......."

Effinghauser leaned back against the wall and listened as a woman in black robes spoke to him.

"It's almost certain that the Council has Akasha. I thought I told you to track Akasha through the House of Demand."

"We don't really know what Akasha is yet."

At Effinghauser's short answer, the woman in black robes snapped her white fingers.

"Isn't it something we can think about once we have that akasha?"

"Akasha could be used by a council that feels threatened by tampering with the House of Demand."

"......."

The Black Order's goal was never to secure Akasha, but rather the destruction of Cantus Magna. After the Battle of Ricci's Tomb, the Council broke off contact with the Black Order.

That it is no longer possible to continue the alliance.

In other words, I must have brushed my hand off at just the right time because the purpose had already been accomplished.

It's not exactly unreasonable. Alliances, by their nature, only last as long as their interests align.

But now, Order was trying to deal with a new threat: Akasha.

The only current clue is Lucinil, the patriarch of Demand, who has gone undercover as a Temple first-year.

But Eppinhauser, a Temple insider, is ignoring the Order's decision to track down Lucinil and learn of Akasha's whereabouts.

"Effinghauser, I hope you don't have your heart set on the devil."

That's why Oder could not help but suspect the mind of the silent Effinghauser.

"The Order agrees with you that the Demon is more necessary than anyone else to the cohesion and maintenance of the Empire, which is why we kept him alive instead of killing him."

"......."

"But that was only true when the demon was weak and had too few forces. You were right then, but things are different now."

Effinghauser was silent.

"The demon will die soon. No, if he survives, the problem will only grow."

"He can't be weak anymore, he can create countless political divisions in his empire, and he can give as many powerful forces as he wants."

"And on top of that, we have Akasha."

"The Demon, by its very existence, is already a sign of great division, and will be the beginning of the collapse of the Empire."

"The Devil will let him die, and if he survives, the Order will have a hand in it."

"So, Effinghauser, I want you to focus on securing Akasha, which is the biggest risk right now. For now, the only clue is the steady stream of demand."

"The Order exists for the good of the Empire and the good of humanity. Have you forgotten what matters most?"

At the words of the woman in black robes, Effinghauser shook his head.

"I didn't forget."

"Then why aren't you following the order's decision?"

Black order.

They exist for order.

Order for empire and humanity.

They do the dirty work to support the empire, sometimes in places the empire doesn't know about, and sometimes by doing things that are socially unacceptable.

As such, working with the Devil for the sake of the Empire was one of the Order's many contradictions.

Demons are a great threat to the empire.

However, an overly weak demon can be useful.

An empire showing signs of fragmentation after the Demon War needed such an abstract enemy.

It looks like another giant dark cloud hanging over humanity, but it's really just a weakened demon.

The Order chose to watch from the sidelines rather than eliminate such a demon. It was more accurate to see the extent of the demon's power from the perspective of an ally.

In fact, based on the reports we've received, it's clear that the Devil has no particular animosity or malice toward humanity.

A demon that is not hostile to mankind, but definitely exists.

Such a demon was exactly what humanity and the Empire needed.

However, as the demon secured the holy relic, things started to get weird.

The story would change with another member of the Order, Cantus Magna.

The devil is out of the bag.

To be precise, the demon's existence has already become too dangerous on its own.

Reinhardt was a weak demon, which suited the Order's tastes.

Show up in just the right place at just the right time, whenever there's a crisis of empire-breaking, and a frightened humanity will cling to each other.

The Order realizes that the Demon King doesn't actually have much animosity toward humanity, but rather a symbiotic relationship, and isn't actually all that eager to rebuild the Demon Realm.

But despite their intentions, demons are the chosen champions of the gods, and their minions now possess a very dangerous artifact called Akasha. There's even a faction that follows them called the Demon Cult.

He knows that the demon is harmless, but he doesn't approach the case with that concept and perspective.

The Devil has become too much of a dangerous symbol.

So it should be removed.

Akasha is dangerous.

So you have to get it.

The first of the two will be taken care of by the empire.

So the order should focus on the second thing: securing Akasha.

The person who was supposed to do it, one of the most important people inside the Temple, wasn't listening.

"I just think you have to be careful with a bomb that you don't know where it's going to end up if you mess with it."

EpinHauser has a point.

If you try to force Akasha's location by capturing and torturing her, the council may be forced to take extreme measures.

"......Remember, Effinghauser, that the passage of time does us no favors."

"I'll keep that in mind."

-Snarl

Once the black-robed woman was out of sight, Eppinhauser stepped back out onto the boulevard and headed toward the Temple.

As always, the overly stoic Eppinhauser is simply dressed to the nines and headed to the temple.

The goodness or badness of existence and intent is irrelevant.

Eliminate threats to the Empire and promote its revival.

Even if that's not what the Empire intended.

The Black Order exists to serve him, to be the pillar of his empire in the Shadowlands. Lesser members of the Order are unaware of its true intentions.

There are also those who receive and carry out orders, and covet the power that the Order gives them in exchange for doing so.

But we are not such a fly on the wall.

Beyond the Temple gates, Effinghauser walks through the still-cluttered Temple grounds.

The Demon himself, and his forces, must have been weak and small.

The Order cooperated with the Demon, in part, so that they could watch its growth up close and deal with it when it crossed the line.

We've crossed that line now.

The Empire will take care of the demon's life, but the Order must deal with Akasha.

Riding the tram to the Royal Class dormitory, Effinghauser quietly called out to first-year Lucinille.

Gazoo of demand.

The silver-haired kid.

Epinhauser sometimes wondered.

The forces of the Devil seem to be a bunch of dumbasses, just like the Devil himself.

"......What's going on?"

Lucinil still remained in the Temple to keep tabs on what was going on inside. His face was not a happy one, given the circumstances.

And they were the only touchpoints between councils and orders.

That's why she was nervous.

If EpinHauser gets aggressive, we have to respond.

Remaining inside the temple is the only way to communicate about Valerie's imprisonment, so Lucinil is unable to leave the temple despite her exposure.

"Akasha, do you have it?"

"......."

At Effinghauser's question, Lucinil fell silent and slowly backed away.

"What is Akasha?"

"......."

"Akasharo, what are you guys going to do?"

Effinghauser hadn't approached Rusinil, he was just asking questions on the spot.

"You guys, are you going to be on our side?"

Rusinil asks something else entirely. Effinghauser shakes his head at that.

"No, we can't be on your side anymore. Apart from Akasha's problems."

It shouldn't have to be said, but Effinghauser said it anyway.

"Well, there's no reason for me to tell you that."

"The Order has instructed me to use force to extract Akasha's whereabouts from you."

"......that, do you think it's possible?"

Gazoo of demand.

An old vampire. Lucinil looks at Eppinhauser with a gaze full of enmity.

"I don't think it's necessarily impossible."

Unlike Rusinil, who was on alert, Eppinhauser could only stare at him.

"However, this is the meaning of the order."

"......what?"

At Effinghauser's rambling, Rusinil's eyes widened.

The Black Order are those who seek to do good with evil.

Good does not mean absolute, but good for humanity and justice for humanity alone.

However, EpinHauser saw.

Not for long, though.

Just a boy with a bad temper.

I watched the boy grow from nothing to gritting his teeth.

I've seen them struggle, unbowed, in the midst of petty justice and petty conviction.

I knew the boy was a demon, and I saw that he didn't hate humanity after what he had been through.

On the contrary, I have seen them loving humans and sometimes trying to save them.

I haven't been watching from the sidelines.

As a teacher, I watched him grow.

They're not much different than any other human being, but I've seen them climb up and up and up, doing whatever they set their minds to.

An order is a group that does good with evil.

An organization where the mere mention of your name is a curse, where you must work in the shadows, unappreciated by anyone, in the name of the Empire.

That's why pride is the most important thing for the Order's members.

There can only be so much pride and conviction to do something so evil that you can't even rationalize it.

However.

Humanity deserves to be hated.

He saw a being who loved humanity more than anyone else, when it was physically and logically impossible for him not to hate humanity.

That's just not possible.

A demon who made possible what should have been impossible.

How much pride and conviction do they have in their existence.

We can't fathom it.

He who does not hate mankind, must die carrying his hatred.

Without accomplishing anything.

Without the sympathy of anyone, without the understanding of anyone she loved.

Pride, conviction, and desire, unknown to anyone.

They should die with the label of traitor and deceiver.

A world where such pride should be dampened.

A world where such beliefs should be insulted.

If the world is such that such a being must die a miserable death, having accomplished nothing.

What are pride and beliefs anyway.

If the greatest beliefs and pride in the world had to be erased.

What value is there in that, and why.

What in the world does that mean?

You've lived your entire life with that one belief and pride.

If this is the way he must die, a man whose pride was greater than himself, a man who sought to do good in the name of forgiveness and unity, not evil.

To die in stigma and infamy, never understood by anyone.

In such a world.

If it is the will of the gods.

Believers.

World map.

Worthless.

Someone's misunderstanding, because it's a misunderstanding, makes them hate the boy.

Someone's misunderstanding, because it's a misunderstanding, touches the boy.

"The Order can't be on your side, but I think I can be on your side."

That's why, Effinghauser said.



* * *



The fall of Olivia Lance has left the Empire unable to touch the Demon.

Whatever disposition was to be made of the demon would have to be discussed with the Five Great Lords first.

As it turns out, Olivia Ranze's "stalling for time" was a huge success.

And with Olivia's words, word spread like wildfire across the zodiac.

The demon is captured.

Not long ago, Reinhardt, who was said to have been chosen by Alsbringer, was the Devil himself.

Rumors that a demon had infiltrated the human race.

And the truth that the demon was chosen by Alsbringer.

It was causing shock and confusion.

The devil's capture should be a cause for relief, for the gods could not have been unaware of it, and giving the devil a holy object would have meant that the gods intended it.

It is even the holy object that is of the greatest value to humanity right now.

The sword of the warrior who killed his father is now in the hands of his son.

What the heck does Als serve.

Does the War God want a great war, as his name implies?

What the gods want.

Gods, have you abandoned us?

Why would they choose a demon and not a human for their king?

The people were confused and afraid, even though the demon had been captured.

And.

Temples.

Breakfast time.

"You, I guess, knew."

Liana de Granz looked at Herriot and said, "You know what?

Herriot could only bow his head like a sinner before Liana, unable to speak.

Ellen and Harriet have been weird lately.

Riana nodded, as if she finally understood what the two strange looks meant.

Reinhardt was the demon who killed Duke Granz.

I've even been to a funeral.

Riana nodded slowly as she heard that.

"Harriet, I need to talk to you later."

"Huh? Ah....... Yeah......."

Herriot watched, still, as the tip of the fork in Riana's hand burned.





