Episode 444.





An alley somewhere in the ecliptic.

"EpinHauser, why aren't you going along with the Order's decision?"

"......."

Effinghauser leaned back against the wall and listened as a woman in black robes spoke to him.

"It's almost certain that the Council has Akasha. I thought I told you to track Akasha through the House of Demand."

"We don't really know what Akasha is yet."

At Effinghauser's short answer, the woman in black robes snapped her white fingers.

"Isn't it something we can think about once we have that akasha?"

"Akasha could be used by a council that feels threatened by tampering with the House of Demand."

"......."

The Black Order's goal was never to secure Akasha, but rather the destruction of Cantus Magna. After the Battle of Ricci's Tomb, the Council broke off contact with the Black Order.

That it is no longer possible to continue the alliance.

In other words, I must have brushed my hand off at just the right time because the purpose had already been accomplished.

It's not exactly unreasonable. Alliances, by their nature, only last as long as their interests align.

But now, Order was trying to deal with a new threat: Akasha.

The only current clue is Lucinil, the patriarch of Demand, who has gone undercover as a Temple first-year.

But Eppinhauser, a Temple insider, is ignoring the Order's decision to track down Lucinil and learn of Akasha's whereabouts.

"Effinghauser, I hope you don't have your heart set on the devil."

That's why Oder could not help but suspect the mind of the silent Effinghauser.

"The Order agrees with you that the Demon is more necessary than anyone else to the cohesion and maintenance of the Empire, which is why we kept him alive instead of killing him."

"......."

"But that was only true when the demon was weak and had too few forces. You were right then, but things are different now."

Effinghauser was silent.

"The demon will die soon. No, if he survives, the problem will only grow."

"He can't be weak anymore, he can create countless political divisions in his empire, and he can give as many powerful forces as he wants."

"And on top of that, we have Akasha."

"The Demon, by its very existence, is already a sign of great division, and will be the beginning of the collapse of the Empire."

"The Devil will let him die, and if he survives, the Order will have a hand in it."

"So, Effinghauser, I want you to focus on securing Akasha, which is the biggest risk right now. For now, the only clue is the steady stream of demand."

"The Order exists for the good of the Empire and the good of humanity. Have you forgotten what matters most?"

At the words of the woman in black robes, Effinghauser shook his head.

"I didn't forget."

"Then why aren't you following the order's decision?"

Black order.

They exist for order.

Order for empire and humanity.

They do the dirty work to support the empire, sometimes in places the empire doesn't know about, and sometimes by doing things that are socially unacceptable.

As such, working with the Devil for the sake of the Empire was one of the Order's many contradictions.

Demons are a great threat to the empire.

However, an overly weak demon can be useful.

An empire showing signs of fragmentation after the Demon War needed such an abstract enemy.

It looks like another giant dark cloud hanging over humanity, but it's really just a weakened demon.

The Order chose to watch from the sidelines rather than eliminate such a demon. It was more accurate to see the extent of the demon's power from the perspective of an ally.

In fact, based on the reports we've received, it's clear that the Devil has no particular animosity or malice toward humanity.

A demon that is not hostile to mankind, but definitely exists.

Such a demon was exactly what humanity and the Empire needed.

However, as the demon secured the holy relic, things started to get weird.

The story would change with another member of the Order, Cantus Magna.

The devil is out of the bag.

To be precise, the demon's existence has already become too dangerous on its own.

Reinhardt was a weak demon, which suited the Order's tastes.

Show up in just the right place at just the right time, whenever there's a crisis of empire-breaking, and a frightened humanity will cling to each other.

The Order realizes that the Demon King doesn't actually have much animosity toward humanity, but rather a symbiotic relationship, and isn't actually all that eager to rebuild the Demon Realm.

But despite their intentions, demons are the chosen champions of the gods, and their minions now possess a very dangerous artifact called Akasha. There's even a faction that follows them called the Demon Cult.

He knows that the demon is harmless, but he doesn't approach the case with that concept and perspective.

The Devil has become too much of a dangerous symbol.

So it should be removed.

Akasha is dangerous.

So you have to get it.

The first of the two will be taken care of by the empire.

So the order should focus on the second thing: securing Akasha.

The person who was supposed to do it, one of the most important people inside the Temple, wasn't listening.

"I just think you have to be careful with a bomb that you don't know where it's going to end up if you mess with it."

EpinHauser has a point.

If you try to force Akasha's location by capturing and torturing her, the council may be forced to take extreme measures.

"......Remember, Effinghauser, that the passage of time does us no favors."

"I'll keep that in mind."

-Snarl

Once the black-robed woman was out of sight, Eppinhauser stepped back out onto the boulevard and headed toward the Temple.

As always, the overly stoic Eppinhauser is simply dressed to the nines and headed to the temple.

The goodness or badness of existence and intent is irrelevant.

Eliminate threats to the Empire and promote its revival.

Even if that's not what the Empire intended.

The Black Order exists to serve him, to be the pillar of his empire in the Shadowlands. Lesser members of the Order are unaware of its true intentions.

There are also those who receive and carry out orders, and covet the power that the Order gives them in exchange for doing so.

But we are not such a fly on the wall.

Beyond the Temple gates, Effinghauser walks through the still-cluttered Temple grounds.

The Demon himself, and his forces, must have been weak and small.

The Order cooperated with the Demon, in part, so that they could watch its growth up close and deal with it when it crossed the line.

We've crossed that line now.

The Empire will take care of the demon's life, but the Order must deal with Akasha.

Riding the tram to the Royal Class dormitory, Effinghauser quietly called out to first-year Lucinille.

Gazoo of demand.

The silver-haired kid.

Epinhauser sometimes wondered.

The forces of the Devil seem to be a bunch of dumbasses, just like the Devil himself.

"......What's going on?"

Lucinil still remained in the Temple to keep tabs on what was going on inside. His face was not a happy one, given the circumstances.

And they were the only touchpoints between councils and orders.

That's why she was nervous.

If EpinHauser gets aggressive, we have to respond.

Remaining inside the temple is the only way to communicate about Valerie's imprisonment, so Lucinil is unable to leave the temple despite her exposure.

"Akasha, do you have it?"

"......."

At Effinghauser's question, Lucinil fell silent and slowly backed away.

"What is Akasha?"

"......."

"Akasharo, what are you guys going to do?"

Effinghauser hadn't approached Rusinil, he was just asking questions on the spot.

"You guys, are you going to be on our side?"

Rusinil asks something else entirely. Effinghauser shakes his head at that.

"No, we can't be on your side anymore. Apart from Akasha's problems."

It shouldn't have to be said, but Effinghauser said it anyway.

"Well, there's no reason for me to tell you that."

"The Order has instructed me to use force to extract Akasha's whereabouts from you."

"......that, do you think it's possible?"

Gazoo of demand.

An old vampire. Lucinil looks at Eppinhauser with a gaze full of enmity.

"I don't think it's necessarily impossible."

Unlike Rusinil, who was on alert, Eppinhauser could only stare at him.

"However, this is the meaning of the order."

"......what?"

At Effinghauser's rambling, Rusinil's eyes widened.

The Black Order are those who seek to do good with evil.

Good does not mean absolute, but good for humanity and justice for humanity alone.

However, EpinHauser saw.

Not for long, though.

Just a boy with a bad temper.

I watched the boy grow from nothing to gritting his teeth.

I've seen them struggle, unbowed, in the midst of petty justice and petty conviction.

I knew the boy was a demon, and I saw that he didn't hate humanity after what he had been through.

On the contrary, I have seen them loving humans and sometimes trying to save them.

I haven't been watching from the sidelines.

As a teacher, I watched him grow.

They're not much different than any other human being, but I've seen them climb up and up and up, doing whatever they set their minds to.

An order is a group that does good with evil.

An organization where the mere mention of your name is a curse, where you must work in the shadows, unappreciated by anyone, in the name of the Empire.

That's why pride is the most important thing for the Order's members.

There can only be so much pride and conviction to do something so evil that you can't even rationalize it.

However.

Humanity deserves to be hated.

He saw a being who loved humanity more than anyone else, when it was physically and logically impossible for him not to hate humanity.

That's just not possible.

A demon who made possible what should have been impossible.

How much pride and conviction do they have in their existence.

We can't fathom it.

He who does not hate mankind, must die carrying his hatred.

Without accomplishing anything.

Without the sympathy of anyone, without the understanding of anyone she loved.

Pride, conviction, and desire, unknown to anyone.

They should die with the label of traitor and deceiver.

A world where such pride should be dampened.

A world where such beliefs should be insulted.

If the world is such that such a being must die a miserable death, having accomplished nothing.

What are pride and beliefs anyway.

If the greatest beliefs and pride in the world had to be erased.

What value is there in that, and why.

What in the world does that mean?

You've lived your entire life with that one belief and pride.

If this is the way he must die, a man whose pride was greater than himself, a man who sought to do good in the name of forgiveness and unity, not evil.

To die in stigma and infamy, never understood by anyone.

In such a world.

If it is the will of the gods.

Believers.

World map.

Worthless.

Someone's misunderstanding, because it's a misunderstanding, makes them hate the boy.

Someone's misunderstanding, because it's a misunderstanding, touches the boy.

"The Order can't be on your side, but I think I can be on your side."

That's why, Effinghauser said.



* * *



The fall of Olivia Lance has left the Empire unable to touch the Demon.

Whatever disposition was to be made of the demon would have to be discussed with the Five Great Lords first.

As it turns out, Olivia Ranze's "stalling for time" was a huge success.

And with Olivia's words, word spread like wildfire across the zodiac.

The demon is captured.

Not long ago, Reinhardt, who was said to have been chosen by Alsbringer, was the Devil himself.

Rumors that a demon had infiltrated the human race.

And the truth that the demon was chosen by Alsbringer.

It was causing shock and confusion.

The devil's capture should be a cause for relief, for the gods could not have been unaware of it, and giving the devil a holy object would have meant that the gods intended it.

It is even the holy object that is of the greatest value to humanity right now.

The sword of the warrior who killed his father is now in the hands of his son.

What the heck does Als serve.

Does the War God want a great war, as his name implies?

What the gods want.

Gods, have you abandoned us?

Why would they choose a demon and not a human for their king?

The people were confused and afraid, even though the demon had been captured.

And.

Temples.

Breakfast time.

"You, I guess, knew."

Liana de Granz looked at Herriot and said, "You know what?

Herriot could only bow his head like a sinner before Liana, unable to speak.

Ellen and Harriet have been weird lately.

Riana nodded, as if she finally understood what the two strange looks meant.

Reinhardt was the demon who killed Duke Granz.

I've even been to a funeral.

Riana nodded slowly as she heard that.

"Harriet, I need to talk to you later."

"Huh? Ah....... Yeah......."

Herriot watched, still, as the tip of the fork in Riana's hand burned.





第 445 集





The news that Reinhardt was a demon was causing a stir throughout the zodiac, but it was the Temple that was most disturbed.

Temple's students were white-faced when they realized what had caused the recent upheaval in the Temple.

I thought temples were the safest place after the imperial palace, but this one was haunted by a demon.

And now he's been found out and is trapped.

Not surprisingly, there was a lot of commotion, panic, and students packing up and leaving the temple.

A temple in disarray.

And, most importantly, Royal Class.

"No....... What's wrong with that? Even if Reinhardt's an asshole......."

Erich de Lapaeri shook his head, his mouth hanging open in disbelief.

The Ganodab death penalty was a bit of an icebreaker.

I thought it was a little weird, and I wondered why I couldn't see Reinhardt, but then I realized it was just too big.

He may not have been friendly, but he was sharing a roof with the devil.

Apart from being surprised, we were all in disbelief.

He's got a very nasty temper, and now he's been chosen by an artifact, so I'm thinking he's on a different level.

That Reinhardt is the devil.

"What the hell is this....... What the hell is this......."

Heinrich von Schwarz was frozen.

"No, there's something wrong with you. Does this....... makes sense?"

Kono Lindt said.

"......."

Kai, who'd fought Reinhardt as soon as he saw him in first grade, was shaking.



* * *



"Are we misunderstanding something?"

Ludwig was huddled with a group of B-class kids talking about it.

"No, Reinhardt wouldn't do that, he's human."

"I think he used some kind of transformation magic....... with transformation magic."

At Delphine's words, Ludwig narrowed his eyes and shook his head.

"But how do I get into the temple?"

Lanyon Sessor's words made Christina shake her head.

"I don't know, maybe there's some kind of magic. He's a demon....... But I don't really get it......."

Class B was equally shocked and confused by the revelation that Reinhardt was a demon.

Scarlett walked past classmates who said the same thing.

Scarlett herself, though she realized it earlier than they did, was equally unhappy with the status quo.

"So, everything that's happened so far involving the Devil was Reinhardt's....... was Reinhardt's doing?"

Crusader Massacre.

Raziern Raid.

And the reappearance of the Satanists.

When I told them that it was all Reinhardt's orders, they freaked out.

In the next class over, Reinhardt, who I thought was just a brilliant classmate, revealed his true colors.

Demons that go so far as to massacre civilians.

Everyone felt scared and betrayed.

"Reinhardt is....... Why?"

At the funeral of Duke Granz, Ludwig saw Reinhardt.

That pensive look was fake?

In reality, you killed your friend's parents on his orders and showed up to the funeral?

Why it had to be.

Just for the sake of desperation?

Ludwig couldn't understand the connection between all of this.

We were talking about it.

As the students chatted in the hall, they soon saw a shadowy figure creeping up from somewhere down the hall.

"Hey, what's that......?"

An unidentifiable shadow stalked the hallway. All the students jumped to their feet in fright.

Something ominous and dark was rising from somewhere, as if it were trying to take over the world.

While everyone was frozen in place, only Ludwig turned toward the hallway.

An unidentified saccharine aura envelops the entire hallway.

Although he couldn't tell, Ludwig thought it was B-1, the dormitory at the head of the hall.

Soon, I realized it was coming from Charlotte's room.

Something has happened to Charlotte.

"Charlotte!"

Ludwig pushes through the chaos and opens the door to Charlotte's visit.

-click!

The door was unlocked.

"Shah....... Charlotte......?"

Between rooms in a dormitory.

There, Charlotte sat up in bed, a black aura emanating from her body.

Ludwig, as well as the other students, rushed over and saw that Charlotte was surrounded by an ominous aura.

Charlotte sits on her bed in a daze, her red demonic eyes fixed on Ludwig and her classmates.

"Me......."

In a voice close to dying.

"Leave it alone......."

Charlotte de Gradias said.



* * *



Temple students learned about Charlotte's condition.

Charlotte was promptly escorted to the palace by members of the imperial household.

We don't know exactly what it is, but the students don't know if it's Charlotte's superpower, which has been kept secret until now, or something else.

Charlotte was kidnapped by the Devil and kept close to the Devil's heir.

Demon's Curse.

There was talk among the students that the Empress had received something similar.

Rumor begets rumor, which begets manufactured truth.

Charlotte de Gradias, arguably the greatest victim of the Devil, was now under suspicion of something else entirely.

1The Empress was not actually a collaborator of the Devil.

It's suspicious that you made it out of Demon Castle unscathed.

And it just so happened that my closest classmate was the son of the devil.

It's possible that this was all planned, and that Empress 1 was not used, but rather a collaborator.

Most people don't realize that Charlotte and Ellen played a crucial role in following the Devil's trail, and it wouldn't make a difference if they did.

People jump to conclusions and put things together.

Suspicious things mix and match to create a truth that was never there.

1The Empress is suspicious.

The rumors that spread were creating another truth, looking for their next target.

1The empress was in too high a position to fall prey to such rumors.

However, she didn't know how long that position would protect her.



* * *



Crusader Headquarters, Great Hall.

With an urgent religious agenda, the room was packed with people who wouldn't normally gather.

Not to mention the Popes of the Five Great Houses, starting with Elayon Bolton, Grand Master of the Crusader Knights, through Tuan, Mensis, Als, Riter, and Shalam.

Two champions. Olivia Ranze and Ellen Artorius.

One representing each of the denominations, and one representing the combined forces of the denominations.

And the champion chosen by the gods.

A group of people who couldn't possibly be in the same room at the same time, and at the head of the table, Olivia and Ellen sat on either side of me.

Such is the authority of the Champion of the Gods.

Even if they're not actually believers, like Ellen, the Champions carry a great deal of religious authority and symbolism in their own right. This is why both Olivia and Ellen, who are believers and priests in the first place, are granted seats by the Pope.

But there was silence in the room.

For generations, the gods of the five major religions were perceived as gods for humans.

We've always only granted holy items to humans.

The demons have been separated from each other by the name of demigods, claiming to have their own faith.

But Als, the war god, chose a demon.

The god of war, who had given a holy object to a warrior to kill a demon, now chose the slain demon's son.

That's why the popes have been slow to speak out.

I couldn't figure out what the hell was going on.

Olivia was the first to speak up.

"The choice of the gods is right, and so I believe there is some will in Als' choice of the Devil, a will so great that it is beyond our comprehension, but I believe it will work out in the end to great good and justice."

Though she had no interest in the will of the gods, it was easy for Olivia to pretend.

The will of the gods is too great for us to comprehend, but there is a reason why the devil was chosen. So this is both a long-term good and an absolute good.

Olivia's logic was that we should tolerate the existence of the devil.

It was the Pope of the Tuan Order who responded to Olivia's words.

"Champion. Demons have been the enemy of mankind for generations, and their leader, the Demon King, is absolutely the enemy of mankind, and possesses powers beyond our comprehension, so it is not beyond the realm of possibility that he may have used those inscrutable powers to tamper with the holy object."

"To doubt the absoluteness of a holy object is to doubt the absoluteness of the gods. Now, are you denying the Lord's choice?"

The Pope of the Order of Tuan countered with the Pope of the Order of Als.

To say that a holy relic of Alth has been stolen through unholy influence is to deny the will of the War God as well as the Order of Alth.

As such, the Order of Als was bound to be the most sensitive.

Olivia smiled faintly at that comment from the Cult of Alth pope.

It's not Olivia who has to defend Reinhardt now, it's actually the Order of Als.

The current Cult of Alth has the largest number of adherents among the Five Great Houses of the Gods, due to the fact that the warrior defeated the demon with the Alsbringer.

But now that this has happened, the members of the Order of Als and their priests are the most shaken.

The last thing he wanted was for his authority to be denied or questioned.

If you're going to affirm the devil, you're going to affirm it completely, and if you're going to deny it, you're going to deny it extremely.

"I don't mean to imply that ......, but I just wanted to say that I don't think it's rash to fully affirm the devil because we don't know what kind of power he has or what kind of unholy things he can do, and that's what I wanted to talk about."

At the words of the Tuan Cult Pope, everyone nodded slowly.

They realize that this is turning into a huge religious conflict, and that one has already begun. It's entirely possible that decisions made here could ignite a massive war.

They knew that making a rash decision would put everyone at risk.

Denying the Devil outright undermines the foundation of faith in the Five Great Gods.

Affirming the Demon King could lead to war between the Empire and the Five Great Houses.

So, for now, we decided to take a wait-and-see approach.

And everyone was on the lookout for Olivia Ranze.

While the situation and doctrine make sense, Olivia makes no secret of the fact that she is entirely on the Devil's side.

Tuan's champion is an asshole who will go to war.

That's why everyone had to clench their molars when Olivia told them to open their mouths.

And it was the Pope of the Tuan Cult who was the worst.

What was once a saint and the next leader of the Tuan Order, or the next Crusader Knight, had become an extremist.

Tuan, why would you choose to do that and not.......

I couldn't help but have the kind of thoughts I shouldn't have.

"The Pope of the Order of Tuan seems to have a bad complexion."

Of course, this isn't Olivia, who wouldn't know that.

I've explained this to Elion Bolton, but there's something the other popes in the room don't know yet.

"Um, I want to share a fun fact with you."

Olivia giggles and summons Tiamata.

"Actually, I'm sharing Tiamata with the devil."

"What?!"

There is one denomination that must now defend the existence of the Devil.

Cult of Als.

"So there's not one, but two champions of Tuan."

And now the Tuan Order has been added.

Ellen and Elion Bolton, who already knew about it, were silent.

But the popes of the Five Patriarchates were appalled.

The Demon King was not only chosen by Als, but also by Tuan. Everyone's reaction was one of disbelief.

We can't exactly prove it, and Olivia could be lying to get the devil on her side.

"If you doubt my word, ask the Champion of Mensis."

Olivia gestured to Ellen with her chin.

A warrior's sister and the only one in a position to stop Olivia's atrocities.

I look at Ellen Artorius as if I want everyone to say please, no.

"It's true."

Ellen had no intention of lying.

"Oh, gods......."

One of the popes let out an ambiguous sigh that I didn't know whether to blame or praise God for.

I don't know if it's just the Cult of Als, but the Cult of Tuan.

The Pope of the Tuan Order was a madman.

I can't believe my champion is an idiot for siding with the devil, and he even chose the devil.

"And since you've been Tuan's champion since last year, you have to be Tuan's champion first, right?"

"Yes, that's right."

This was the situation of the Pope of the Tuan Order, who thought his house was on fire, only to find that his own house had been reduced to ashes.

Not one, but two.

They don't realize that Ellen now has the Lapelt, the holy relic of Shalam.

This is why the Devil now has two holy relics, making him the most powerful symbol in religion right now.

One is bad enough, but two is worse.

It's hard enough to say that Alsbringer was somehow tricked into being stolen, but to claim that two were stolen is to say that the gods are incompetent.

That's basically impossible.

So is it possible to affirm the existence of the Devil?

There are bound to be a lot of people in the crowd who are psychologically incapable of accepting that, as well as a lot of people in the church who can't understand it.

Not only will you be feuding with an empire, but you'll also be feuding with a religious group called the Crusaders.

In the long run, Tuan and Als could be stigmatized as nothing more than a demonic cult.

In the long run, the death of the denomination itself; in the short run, religious wars.

The bad news.

Or worse.

They were faced with the worst of all possible worlds.

"First of all, I think we can all agree that our decision on the matter of the devil is the right one, right?"

Olivia's naturally virtuous words stunned the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Patriarchs.

We make no secret of our intentions that if the Devil comes into our clutches, we will claim his innocence after a proper trial, and that we will release him safely in the future.

But I have to agree that this is a problem that needs to be solved at the hands of the Five Great Houses.

It's about the authority of the Church of the Lord.

The Pope of the Five Great Houses sees Ellen as having a voice similar to Olivia's.

Please feel like you're the only one who's sane.

Like please, please, please put the brakes on that crazy champion of purity somehow.

"Line....... No, to the devil......."

Ellen Artorius opens her mouth.

"I think they should be given a chance to explain everything that's happened."

That was easy enough.





