Episode 446.





Olivia's insistence that the Devil's recruits be brought to the Order of the Five Masters.

Ellen's insistence on giving calling a chance.

The two arguments are both similar and different. For one thing, Ellen wasn't arguing for a demonic recruit.

At the very least, you should give him a chance to tell you what he's been up to and whether or not it was meant to harm humanity.

Fortunately or unfortunately, the popes were more receptive to Ellen's middle-of-the-road approach than Olivia's extreme claims.

"Let's do a public interrogation or something....... What are we talking about?"

When Bertus heard the results of the papal conference of the Five Great Houses, his expression was stern.

We don't know what that means.

"Okay, that's better because it doesn't sound like a ridiculous request to unleash the devil......."

It wasn't some Olivia Lanchester-esque insanity that demanded we either give up the devil or go to war.

"I don't know if this will make any difference, but if it'll shut up the Church of the Lord, I'll give it a try......."

Even if it's unclear whether it's a public trial or a public inquisition, it gives Olivia Lance's gang some ground to stand on.

I already gave you everything you deserved at the last public hearing, so don't ask for more.

Interrogating a demon in public.

Bertus chewed on his lip, though he hadn't gone as far as Olivia had.

If even Ellen Artorius sided with the devil, things could get out of hand.

Tiamata, Alsbringer, and Lament.

Once the three holy objects are attached to the Devil, there is no reason for the Five Great Divinities not to be attached to the Devil, for to deny them would be to destroy the very foundation of the faith.

Of course, the higher-ups in the Church don't support the Devil because they want to support him. It's literally crying and eating mustard.

If the entire Five Great Houses of God were to support the Demon King, the world would literally fall apart.

"And Charlotte?"

"You are currently quarantined in the Palace of Spring."

Bertus sighed.

Charlotte's deteriorating condition was also a serious concern for Bertus.

You've captured a demon.

That should have solved everything, but somehow things just seemed to spiral out of control.



* * *



The Five Great Houses and the Empire will publicly interrogate the Demon King.

What you've been up to, how you got to the point where you've been chosen, and if there's really been any dirty tricks involved.

Whether the devil is really unclean or not.

We will interrogate the demon and determine his disposition as mutually agreed upon.

The story went viral.

Of course, this was a public interrogation, so no civilians were allowed to observe.

It was only allowed to those who had a say in the matter, or a right to watch.

Imperial Emperor, Neliod de Gradias.

Bertus de Gradias, First Emperor of the Empire.

The popes of each of the five major Christian denominations.

Elayon Bolton, Crusader Knight Commander.

Olivia Ranze, champion of Tuan.

Ellen Artorius, Champion of Mensis.

And the Shanapels and Imperial Mages for security and escort.

Paladins of the Five Great Houses.

Plus, Scarlett, an immunizer, just in case the devil tries to pull a fast one on us.

Charlotte, who was in no condition to be seen outside, was unable to attend.

It was decided that the interrogation would take place inside the Temple's general headquarters.

No immediate interrogations were conducted. Numerous connections and magical measures had already begun to be taken inside the temple, which had already been vetted for safety, just in case.

The outcome of this interrogation will determine whether the Five Great Houses and the Empire will become enemies or maintain a fragile peace.

Two days later.

The public interrogation of the Demon King begins.

"......."

In the distance, Harriet sees the General Headquarters building.

Herriot is not available for public questioning.

Whether it's the right thing to do or not, we don't know.

It's probably not the right thing to do, thinks Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

But I decided to do it anyway.

I chose to believe it.

That urgency.

That longing.

In the end, Herriot couldn't deny it.

So.

You want to do what you're supposed to do.

If you have to betray everything you know to trust just one person.

I decided to do that, and I did.



* * *



"Two days later....... "

"The Lord of Demand said so."

Eleris nodded at Antrianus' words.

"We believe the time is right. When it happens, we'll be ready to act."

"......."

"Do you know enough about Akasha to use it?"

"It's ......."

Eleris nodded in agreement.

Preparing the tools of creation to be used for destruction.

Eleris was ready to go.

Valier will blame himself.

You can't help but feel resentful.

Because of this, the demon will become a symbol of hate and loathing to all beings.

Just to survive.

Just to survive.

Is it really right to take on all that hatred just to survive?

Is it okay to put someone in that position to avoid death?

Will Bali be happy to see it survive?

Eleris knows the answer.

It won't.

However.

To save the child he endangered, the last of his descendants.

Eleris has decided to destroy the world.

To live wickedly, to live hypocritically.

In the end, I decided to pave the way for absolute evil, which is neither hypocrisy nor hypocrisy nor anything else.



* * *



Two days have passed in an ambiguous period of time where everyone feels an inexplicable sense of foreboding.

Outside the makeshift camp where the demon was being held, Shanapelle, the Imperial Mages, and a number of paladins were already present.

For the empire, it was a meeting of the minds to come to an agreement with the Five Great Priests, and for the Five Great Priests to find out whether or not the existence of the Demon King was justified.

To escort the Demon King to the General Headquarters, a number of people were prepared to lead the way.

Even in these situations, there are onlookers.

Around the cell where the demon was sure to be imprisoned, there were students who tried to watch the spectacle from a distance.

Flanking the gagged demon stood Tana and Scarlet, the violins, ready to respond to any emergency.

The best and brightest of humanity have gathered to escort the Demon King.

It's safe to say that even if the former Demon King Valier were to return to life, he wouldn't be able to rescue his son from this situation; they were the best and brightest of humanity.

Everyone holds their breath as they watch the demonic figure in the distance.

He sees a demon in human form who, after being known as a warrior, is revealed to be a demon.

Is that really the devil?

Appearances are sometimes everything, and in a demon in human form, people only recognize the smell of humanity.

Could something be wrong?

That's what a lot of people who didn't know the details thought.

There's some kind of conspiracy that we don't know about.

Are you trying to kill a healthy warrior?

It was inevitable that some would come to that conclusion.

Regardless of the people's puzzlement, the convoy escorted the Demon King to the General Headquarters with a stern demeanor.

People were already waiting at the table set up in the main hall, and the demon sat on a wooden chair in the center of the open space.

Not a throne, not an overly shabby chair, but an ordinary chair, the kind you'd find in a temple classroom.

In the chairs where they had sat as students, Scarlett and Savior Tana stood, flanked by the one who had come to sit as a demon.

Olivia watched the spectacle through clenched teeth.

Gathered for interrogation.

And the manpower to guard it.

Surrounded by people, the demon sat still in his chair.

Reinhardt was once her daughter's fiancé and believed to be one of the heroes who would save the world.

But the one who was a demon, the emperor looked at him and said.

"Ungag him."

At that command, Scarlett carefully removed the gag from Reinhardt's mouth.

"From now on, I'm going to give the Devil one last chance at redemption."

"How to be a master of two holy objects."

"What is Akasha, the mysterious magic tool that can become a god, and what is its whereabouts."

"What you've been hoping for."

"If you meant what you said about wanting peace, how can you prove it."

"Last."

"Young devil."

"For everything, explain."

Reinhardt, the handcuffed demon, sits in his chair, looking around at his surroundings.

Olivia Ranze.

Ellen Artorius.

Bertus de Gradias.

Slowly stare into their faces.

The demon intuits something.

It's a rush, a rush, a rush.

It's like you've felt a certain destiny that you can't rebel against anymore.

He looks like he's realized something.

"That stuff, it doesn't matter anymore."

Tweet.

and.

The devil clucks his tongue.

"You wouldn't believe it anyway, you guys."

The arrogance of the situation made everyone's already serious faces even more serious.

It's like you've given up on everything, and now you're wondering where it all went.

It's still doom and gloom, but with an arrogant attitude, says the devil.

"They'll think I can't help but hate humans, and they won't believe I tried to save you."

"If I told you I did all this because I wanted peace, you wouldn't believe me."

"You killed my ancestor Valie, I'm his son, and the Darklands were destroyed, so it's only natural that I would hate humans."

"It doesn't make sense to me that I was trying to do something because I love people, because I wanted to save the world."

"I don't really hate humans."

"And staying at the temple. That was just a treat in itself."

"If they were in danger, I wanted to help them."

"I wanted to comfort them when they were sad."

"Two holy relics? Want me to tell you something fun?"

"Alsbringer only chooses those who are ready to sacrifice themselves for the world."

"Why I know something that even the Pope of the Order of Als doesn't know, I won't tell you because you won't believe me if I do."

"Anyway, I'm ready to die for you guys, and you're not going to believe it. Yeah, of course, you're not going to believe it."

"So now I'm not going to tell you the same old, same old, truth that you won't believe."

"So, I'm going to tell you a story that you're going to believe."

"I'd rather tell you the future than the truth, which you won't believe no matter how much I tell you."

"I told you that my men might activate Akasha for destruction to save me, so either kill me ASAP or let me go, and you did neither of those things."

"So the worst thing I expect to happen, the thing I was trying to prevent, is going to start happening."

The demon raises his head.



"Soon, every warp gate in the entire continent will be transformed into a portal to the Otherworld."

"The otherworldly monsters that came out of it will destroy your world."



The grim-eyed demon declares with a curse.

"So, be prepared."

Everyone held their breath at the sight of the Demon King's eyes.



* * *



Temple Royal Class, second year, Class B dormitory.

-Bang!

Ludwig cocked his head at the sudden appearance of someone running out into the hallway.

"Uh....... Scarlett?"

"@Huck....... 허억......."

Scarlett, her red hair drenched in a cold sweat, was gasping for air as she looked at Ludwig.

As if something really bad has happened.

It was the same for Ludwig.

"No, right now you're here....... shouldn't you be here?"

He needs Scarlett by his side to control the demon's powers. And that interrogation would be underway now.

But now, Scarlett came running out into the hallway, still in her pajamas, sweating profusely.

"No, I saw you leave earlier, and I thought you were going to......?"

And sure enough, Ludwig had seen Scarlett leave the dormitory with a determined look on her face. But now, Scarlett was here.

Scarlett, hearing the words, looked at Ludwig, her face white, and shook her head.

"I'm....... It's not me......."

"What?"

"Who....... knocked me out and....... disguised himself as me......."

The closest thing to a demon right now was someone other than Scarlett.



* * *



The guards in the interrogation room where Reinhardt had been held until now were now outnumbered.

The demon we needed to keep an eye on had moved on, and we'd already gotten all the information we could from the demon's minions who were imprisoned with him.

The Archmages and Swordmasters had all left, and the Temple's guards, not Shanapelle's knights, were now standing guard.

And right now, all the troops inside the cell were asleep, all under the curse of a demon.

-jerky

Then, two people enter the dungeon.

The cage opens, and the gray-haired woman sees two people standing in front of her.

Loyard had never seen Effinghauser and Roussinil in person.

But I think I knew what their expressions meant.

"It's our only chance."

"......."

"Let's go get Valerie."

Lucinil has unshackled Loyaar.

Staggering to his feet, Loyar tries to move his immobile limbs. It's been a long time in prison, but after a few stretches, Loyaar takes a deep breath.

"I'd like to ask you something."

Loyard looks back and forth between Effinghauser and Roussinil, as if waiting for someone to answer.

"The Rotary Club kids went to....... What happened?"

Lucinil didn't know what Loyar was asking.

"It's pretty obvious what happened to those who were perceived as collaborators of the devil."

At Effinghauser's words, Loyard nodded slowly.

"Adriana, who was a Temple student, is apparently being protected by Ellen's favors, but all the others were hanged."

"Oh....... Yeah......."

Loyar nodded.

"Well, at least I can die without regrets."

The gray-haired woman laughed.

Not at all pleased.



* * *



Right next to him were the violins Tana and Scarlett.

Silence fell over the hall at the demon's shocking prediction of the future, especially Olivia, who stared at Reinhardt with wide eyes.

"The gate crisis is all about breaking warp gates. If you break all the warp gates on an entire continent, the gate crisis is over."

As if foreseeing a terrible fate, the demon looked as if he didn't doubt for a moment that the world would roll according to his word.

Bertus stares at the demon.

Really, was it right to let the devil go free?

If it was his plot to make that happen, he had no reason to tell them the answer.

The devil is talking about something that hasn't happened yet.

Everyone is confused as to whether the devil is causing this, or if he's really trying to save humanity.

Ellen stared at Reinhardt.

Problems caused by not trusting Reinhardt.

And, if Reinhardt's statement is true and it really does happen.

The source of the problem will be the Devil himself and his minions.

And he was to blame for not trusting Reinhardt.

-Bang!

The door was roughly thrown open by an impatient-looking Knight of the Shanapelle.

His complexion was almost blue, and everyone was puzzled.

Hurrying, almost running, toward the Emperor, the knight of Shanapelle whispered something in his ear.

The Demon King looks at the emperor's expression.

"Ah....... Looks like it's already started."

As if he knew what had happened by the change in his complexion, the demon laughed heartily.

"I mean, you should have trusted me......."

-goooooooooooooo

Very far away.

Vaguely.

Everyone heard the cries of an unnamed monster.

Everyone looks to the emperor, not the devil.

As if you've heard the story.

"At the warp gate....... unidentified monsters....... are appearing......."

The gate crisis has begun.

That wasn't the end of it.

"The sky is...... strange......."

A wizard from the Imperial Order of Mages, wary of the situation outside, enters and speaks with a pale face.

"Meteors are....... are raining down......."

The sky opens up and a meteor falls toward the temple.





