Episode 447.





-Confectioner!

Antirrhinus watched from afar as a meteor shattered in a massive shockwave over the temple.

Time is broad daylight.

But as if the mirror of the heavens were shattering, meteors poured from the cracks in the sky that illuminated the vast void, falling toward the temple and shattering it.

"Shiloh, beautiful power......."

-Bang! Quack! Kwakkakkakkang!

The Temple's activated barriers were so strong and thick that they could hold back a meteorite that would have reduced a village to ashes.

Indeed, it deserved to be called the second safest place in the land of men.

-Kyaaaaah!

-Grrrrrr!

-꺄아아아악!

-Ahhhhh!

And Antirianus stared at the vast numbers of monsters pouring out of the warp gate, which was no longer its usual blue color, but a blazing inferno.

Heteromorphic monsters were pouring out, killing people.

Imaginary dimensions.

Clumsy creatures created in a dimension that doesn't exist, only to be thrust into the existing world to exist.

An incomplete Akasha is a recipe for disaster.

The destruction begins.

"This is more than I could have imagined......."

Antirrhinus watched the spectacle with satisfaction, as if he had been expecting more, but had gotten more than he bargained for.

-Woof!

Antirrhinus watches in awe as a meteor crashes into the temple.



* * *



There was still silence in the General Headquarters.

The devil foresaw disaster, but it had already begun.

However, the Devil provides the answer to the catastrophe that began. He tells you how to fix it.

"This catastrophe would not have been limited to the ecliptic, but would have been continental."

"The bigger the gate, the more dangerous monsters will come out. So we should prioritize breaking the super-sized warp gate."

"And as you know, the ecliptic has the most warp gates of any continent."

"So, the longer we wait to act, the more people will die."

"Smaller warp gates won't produce as strong of a monster, but numbers are numbers, and small to medium-sized towns and strongholds that don't have the right troops or armor are better off abandoning."

"Most countries will probably cease to function, and the only ones that will remain functional will be the capitals of empires or stronghold cities like Cernstadt."

"We're going to have to secure those, and then we're going to have to clean up the gates that we didn't get to, one by one, and that's how we're going to do it."

"I like to move fast."

"If we move a minute late now, we have to think of it as a year or a decade late in rebuilding humanity later."

He didn't blame the humans for causing this mess.

The situation has already happened.

The Empire's most elite troops are gathered here.

The ecliptic is the continent with the most warp gates.

If they didn't act quickly, the scale of the disaster would reduce the ecliptic to ashes. Meteors were raining down to destroy the temple.

Everyone listened in stunned silence.

If they're plotting to destroy humanity, there's no reason why we shouldn't know about it.

The only way to know if that's true is to break the warp gate.

The disaster has begun.

When you don't know what's going on and why, the damage can be devastating over time.

Or is it because they know they're doomed until they're told?

No, there's no reason you should.

If the Empire is fooled into thinking that this event only happened in the ecliptic, it will later have to face a world that has been reduced to ashes.

It's hard to reach them when all the warp gates have stopped firing.

I don't need to tell you that this catastrophe is continental in scope, because it's only going to get worse with time.

Everyone in the room has a hunch.

The Devil's men may have done this, but the Devil really didn't want this to happen.

That's why they're giving humanity the answers.

The emperor is furious.

You may not believe everything else, but you should take the devil's word for a catastrophe that has already happened.

If the demon was truly for the good of humanity, you can't kill it. There might be something else he knows.

But we can't let it go either.

Something is bound to happen, but if the ecliptic collapses, the empire is over.

However, with a presumed catastrophe threatening entire continents across the ecliptic, the forces that can be devoted to the Demon King are limited.

"Lord Tana, you will remain with the First Battalion."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"Shanapelle, all but the 1st Battalion, and the Imperial Mages are following me."

Demons are one thing, but now the ecliptic is about to evaporate.

If the best of the best were to stand by and watch from this spot, the empire would be lost.

The troops trickle out like an ebb and flow. The Emperor and Bertus are gone, too.

Olivia Ranze also looks at the popes of the Five Great Houses with a stony expression.

"We need to deal with this situation, and we need you and the pope to deal with this situation quickly."

Olivia says this with a stern look on her face, but every pope and even the head of the Crusader Knights knows what her intentions are.

I watch the corners of Olivia's mouth twitch in a serious but subtle way.

I felt like I knew what she was thinking in this crazy situation.

But just as the emperor had to leave, we couldn't just stand by and watch.

Right now, the Imperium needs the power of the paladins, priests, and popes of this place.

You need to do something before the damage spreads any further.

"Let's go."

The paladins and the popes of the Five Great Houses left.

Only the Crusader Knights, including Elayon Bolton, and the troops he commanded remained in place.

Soon, there were only a few people left.

Scarlett and Savior Tana standing right next to Reinhardt.

Olivia Ranze.

Ellen Artorius.

But with no idea what was going to happen to the Demon King, the best of Shanapelle's best were on hand, as well as Elion Bolton.

Despite the circumstances, we were well prepared for any possible raids or contingencies.

Even if Olivia Ranze was going to do something out of character, she could have handled it.

Of course.

That is, unless you're Olivia Ranze and you're the only one who's willing to do something out of the ordinary.

Time passes in silence.

With meteors raining down on your temple and monsters rising from the ecliptic.

They were enduring a tense time, with only the duty of keeping an eye on the devil.

Olivia watched the situation with an unreadable expression on her face, while Ellen bit her lip and watched the situation.

Saviolin Tana stood beside Reinhardt, holding on to her seat to keep from falling.

-Bang!

Suddenly, the entrance gates exploded open, and the troops guarding the outside poured in.

They were all dead, deeply wounded.

And in walked a stern-looking middle-aged man.

"EpinHauser......?"

Saviolin Tana stared in disbelief at Eppinhauser as he slowly walked in, sword drawn.

Also.

-Snarl

As usual, steam gathered in the air, and this time a silver-haired girl appeared from the other side.

"Is she......?"

"!"

A silver-haired girl in the first year of Royal Class.

Olivia and Ellen couldn't help but squint at the sudden appearance of the girl.

Somehow.

Upon entering, a girl who was close to Reinhardt threw her hands in the air.

-Kwagagagak!

In an instant, countless spears of ice from the ceiling slammed into the ground, sealing off the path to nowhere.

"This is....... What......!"

That wasn't all.

Suddenly, Scarlett, who was beside Reinhardt, picked up the chair Reinhardt was tied to and sent it flying toward Effinghauser.

The flying demon widened his eyes.

"Sarke......sarke......?"

A red-haired girl, speaking in a foreign voice.

"You must survive, degradation."

Reinhardt gritted his teeth as his eyes locked with something that was scarlet but not scarlet.

-Bam!

"Boom!"

Eppinhauser grabbed the chair the demon was tied to and set it down, breaking the restraints with a few swipes of his sword, and shattering the cuffs with his bare hands.

"Teacher......?"

Reinhardt looks at him in disbelief.

"We don't have time to talk about a lot of things."

Still stunned by the lack of recognition, Effinghauser spilled the beans on how he got it back.

The silver sword in Effinghauser's hand burned with blue magic.

Swordmaster, says Epinhouser.

"Go, Reinhardt."

-Bang! Ka-kang! kang!

"Are you sure the order is......?"

"It has nothing to do with order."

With that, Effinghauser stood in front of Reinhardt.

Something unrelated to the order.

Reinhardt was even more appalled by Epinhauser's words. True to his nature, Effinghauser did not add anything ticklish.

Lucinil was already fending off the mages and knights attacking him.

Tana doesn't understand what's going on, but she's already lunging for the EpinHauser.

-Bang!

However, before Tana's charge could reach Eppinhauser, she was hit by someone else's charge and rolled to the ground.

"Loyaar......?"

A short, gray-haired woman, dressed in tattered rags, looks at the demon and says, "When did you get released?

"Degradation."

-Udup

"Right now, you just need to think about staying alive."

The demon gritted his teeth as he watched Loyar turn into a white wolf.

Chanapelle's No. 1.

The Crusader Commander and his immediate troops.

Power is still a disadvantage.

Whether or not the Devil intended this catastrophe, if, as the Devil says, it was planned by his minions, it was bound to happen eventually.

Whether the devil is good or evil is not a matter for judgment at this point.

The Empire had no choice but to withdraw its troops.

Therefore, the scheduled rescue operation has begun.

Saviolin Tana is not to be trifled with.

Perhaps the Emperor had left the strongest of mankind in this position, just in case something happened.

A knight of Shanapelle who fulfills his duty, must fulfill his duty.

She performs the command.

"Don't let the devil get away!"

At Tana's shout, they all start to move.

Behind Reinhardt, Eppinhauser and Lykanslof blocked the way.

The demon staggers to his feet.

The shackles are off.

He sees Sarkegar, a shape-shifter, flying around and attacking the wizards, Lucinil, a vaporous figure who appears from nowhere and attacks with magic, and Loyaar and Effinghauser, who fend off the charging knights.

Olivia's face is set, and she seems to know what she's doing.

-Thump!

Olivia Ranze, in full stride, runs like a bird toward Reinhardt.

Soon, Olivia Ranze, who had caught up to Reinhardt, grabbed his arm and slipped away.

Ellen Artorius watched this spectacle of disaster, chaos, and demonic escape unfold, taking no sides.



* * *



[Special Achievement 'Complete Cause and Effect']

[Earn 50,000 achievement points].

[Perk "Buy Status" is enabled].

[As of now, you can exchange 5,000 Achievement Points for 1 point of Status].



"Run. Run, Reinhard. You have to run."

Olivia grabs my hand and we run.

There's no time to waste.

Crying out that you don't have to do this to save me doesn't do any good.

I thought it was best to die.

I figured it would be best if I died so this wouldn't happen.

However, I didn't die.

In the midst of doubt and suspicion, people didn't kill me, or couldn't kill me.

My list of people who wanted to believe in me as much as those who doubted me and felt betrayed was clumsily lengthened, and this is what happened.

I tried to solve something by dying, but it didn't work out.

So this is what happened

I'm not going to die in despair, blaming it all on me.

I tried to prevent the worst with my death.

I tried to accomplish something with death.

However, I did not die when I should have.

Now, nothing can be accomplished by death.

So I'm not going to force myself to die.

Live.

Alive.

You don't know what you're going to do when you're alive.

But.

A life exchanged for many deaths.

If it's a life you're forced to trade for an immeasurable number of lives.

You can't give it away.

I cannot die for nothing, and waste the lives of countless others who will die for nothing.

Nor can I waste the lives that will die because of me.

I don't know if I'm frustrated, angry, or sad about the situation I'm in.

It can't be killed.

I need to stay alive and find something I can do.

I can't just flounder in despair and tell myself that I was useless, that I shouldn't have existed.

That was the case a little while ago, but not anymore.

What I saw was something I had never imagined, even when I imagined hell.

-currrrr

A crack had opened in the barrier surrounding the temple, and meteors were pouring through it, hitting the ground.

In the skies beyond the temple, unidentifiable flying beasts flitted about, spewing searing flames or terrifyingly white frost.

This was a catastrophe of a different order of magnitude than Raziern's demonic raids.

The world is ending.

The gate event happened even earlier than originally planned.

There's no point in regretting that nothing would have happened if you had stayed still.

You can't go back in time and wish you hadn't done anything.

You have to move forward.

You don't know what to do in front of it.

I have to live.

I run with Olivia.

Who will die in the fight and who will survive.

The knights of Shanapelle follow me, their bodies ravaged by years of imprisonment, but I must do what I can.

The concept of buying status with achievement points.

The most important ability is Horsepower.

The higher your Magic number, the more Magic enhancements will increase your overall physical abilities.

In other words, an increase in one stat has the added effect of increasing all of your other physical abilities. As such, horsepower is effectively the ultimate stat.

Invest achievement points in horsepower numbers.

In no time at all, the 10 percent increase in horsepower will take you from A-rank to S-rank in no time at all.

That's a lot of horsepower for an archmage.

For a few more points, you could have a monster with horsepower that would surpass even Savior Tana, but we'll hold off on that for now.

Then I'll be told that this filthy demon was hiding his power too.

I don't have time to think about that.

The instantaneous surge in hp revitalizes my tired body, along with the power boost. I may not be eating well, but my physical abilities are not compromised.

You need to leave the temple.

Even if you don't know what you're going to do when you get out there, you need to get out there.

But no matter how much horsepower I've gained, it's Shanapelle's knights, the Swordmasters, who are following me.

Soon, they catch up with me.

You don't know if you can win with a pincer attack or not.

Even if you use Alsbringer, you'll be outnumbered. Even if you fight with Olivia.

I'm going to be captured and killed.

As is?

Will all the sacrifices be for nothing?

Before me running like that.

In the streets of an abyssal temple.

As if in my path, someone was standing in my way.

-Woosh! Woosh! Kurrrrrr!

"Is she......?"

"Liana......."

Liana de Granz glared at me, blue sparks flying from her body.

Yes.

Now that you know I'm a demon, you can't forgive me.

Rather, I was wondering why it hadn't appeared sooner.

It seemed like a fait accompli, that Riana would block my way in order to kill me.

Blitz is instantaneous.

It's almost impossible to avoid.

Even at the height of her power, Riana's charge is unavoidable. Even if you manage to hold out with your enchanted shields, you'll be caught in the pursuit of the Shanapelle Knights.

Die, or be captured.

From her blitz I cannot escape.

And just like that, just as I was about to stop my desperate steps.

A bright blue light shot from Riana's outstretched hand in a fierce current.

-Quack! Quack!

As the shockwave tore through the atmosphere, Olivia and I froze.

A lightning bolt whizzed past my cheek.

Not me.

-Crack!

-Crack!

I fired at the knights of Shanapelle who were chasing me.

Olivia and I could only stare in disbelief as the knights were struck by the blast and either bounced off or writhed on the spot.

"What are you doing, asshole, why don't you get over here?!"

Riana exclaims, her face crumpling in anger.

a.

No way.

Did I know that?

Since when?

How?

As Olivia and I approached, Riana wordlessly began to rally the troops.

-Kurung! kurrrrr! Kurrrrr!

Dozens of sparks flashed in the air, and in an instant, a massive lightning bolt struck the fallen knights, creating a storm of lightning around them.

-Crack!

The lights exploded, and the bricks on the ground exploded.

The intense light destroyed objects and struck the fallen knights relentlessly.

The fierce, uncontrolled glow that radiated in all directions from his rage said it all.

Riana knows it all.





第448季节





A few days ago.

After breakfast, Herriot was taken to Riana's room and told a shocking story.

"Reinhardt is....... not?"

"Uh."

The Demon's Raid on Raziern, where Duke Granz was killed.

It hadn't been caused by a demonic attack, and she knew Reinhardt hadn't planned it.

"I found out a while ago, too. It was so weird to say the least, I think my mom kept looking into it."

"So you did....... Then....... What happened?"

"It was the Empire that killed my father."

"......what?"

Riana's mother, Duchess Yelena de Granz, was not on good terms with her husband, but she was not immune to the shock of his death.

Why the devil did it.

Why she had to die in that place, why her husband had to die.

The Duchess of Granz could not help but know her husband's proclivities and his character better than anyone else.

After a long and drawn-out investigation of her own, she found out.

What my husband has been doing.

Who, where, and what they were doing when they died.

Thus, we see that the devil had no reason to do such a thing.

Why the Empire is so unenthusiastic about investigating the case.

The circumstances made Duchess Yelena de Granz realize that this was an imperial stunt.

Then he told his daughter, who had gone mad with revenge against the demon.

The real enemy is not the devil, but the empire.

The Empire has killed Duke Granz and blamed it on the Devil.

There was nothing Riana could do.

While the devil is an opaque and powerful enemy, the empire is a clear and overwhelming enemy.

The prince and princess were classmates, and she could lay her hands on them, but Riana didn't want to settle for that.

I want to bring down an empire.

I wanted to kill my father, to peel back the thick veneer of empire from his impassive face at the funeral.

First, you need to build up your strength.

His own power is a force, but he must align himself with a force that can bring down an empire, or so he thought.

Then we learned that Reinhardt was the devil.

Shocking facts aside, Riana sees possibilities.

Together, you may be able to bring down an empire.

Reinhardt is about to die.

"I'm going to save Reinhardt at all costs."

When the demon dies, so does the possibility of empire collapse.

So instead of being shocked by the facts at hand, Riana focused on the first thing she needed to do to get revenge.

"Harriet, what are you going to do?"

Herriot was stunned by Liana's words.

That was the most incomprehensible and sad thing the devil had ever done.

The death of Duke Granz in the Raziern raid.

Even if he did have a reason, why did he have to kill Riana's father, even if it was a good reason, could he even understand it?

That's what Herriot was thinking.

But that was the Empire's own doing, and while we don't know what happened to the demonic raids that followed, we can be sure of at least one thing.

Reinhard has nothing to do with the death of Riana's father, Duke Granz.

If anything, they're being framed.

I didn't have a lot of time.

There is no telling when Reinhardt will be killed by the Empire.

I wanted to believe Reinhardt.

You don't need a lot of evidence to convince you of something you want to believe.

"I don't know how to do this, but......."

I believe because I want to believe.

I don't know how to do that, or if it's even possible.

It's just the two of you, you don't know what to do, and if you fail, you die.

"Me too, let's do it together."

Knowing it was an irreversible decision, Herriot decided to save Reinhardt.



* * *



And now.

Herriot and Riana's time was short, but they had a plan.

But when meteors begin raining down from the sky and the cries of an unidentified monster are heard outside the temple, they realize that something bad is happening.

I had to choose.

I wonder if this is because Reinhard is a really evil demon.

Should we trust Reinhardt despite this happening.

Liana chose the latter because she wanted revenge, and Herriot chose the former because he still believed Reinhardt was innocent.

Reinhardt, who had somehow managed to escape despite all his plans falling apart, joined Riana with Olivia Ranze.

Now that all of our plans had fallen apart, we had to improvise and react to every situation.

-Koooow!

A meteor slammed into the barrier above the Temple, sending a massive shockwave that shook the ground.

The pursuers are down, exposed to Riana's blast, but not dead.

He was still squirming and trying to get up somehow.

Herriot stretched out his hand, and the ground began to lift as if torn from beneath him, raining down on the knights of Shanapelle.

-Currrrrr!

In an instant, the knights were buried in the vomit, as if covered by a rocky mountain.

Bursting out of the alley, Herriot rushed over to Reinhardt, who didn't understand this sudden outburst from Liana and Herriot, and grabbed his hand.

"I don't know what's going on, but....... I don't know, but......."

Herriot was sobbing, both because the situation had gotten out of hand and because this was a living hell.

I believe in Reinhardt.

And from this moment on, you must part ways with everyone except those who are here at this moment in time.

Father.

Mother too.

Brothers.

Classmates.

She renounced her title as Grand Duchess of Saint-Thuan.

Leaving behind everything they had, everything they should have, everything they knew.

I'm betting on one thing: I believe in Reinhardt.

"I will....... I will believe you......."

He doesn't know if it's worth it or if he should be doing this.

"You were trying to save everyone. None of this happened....... that you didn't mean to do....... I'll believe that......."

I decided to take Reinhardt at his word that he wanted to save everyone.

So at a time when so many people were turning away from Reinhardt, Herriot decided to stand by him, hoping that she could be his strength.

"Let's go, Reinhardt."

Olivia leads the way.

Shanapelle's Swordmasters, buried in the rubble, could be heard breaking through the stone.

The real monsters are the humans.

Even when the world deserves to end, humans conquer the monsters and build civilization once again.

They deserve to be called monsters.

-Thump! Thump!

Humans are strong.

More than anything else in the world.

More than any other race.

Humans are the most frightening, humans are the strongest.



* * *



Temple fared better.

"Hey, but you, what the hell is going on, we had an idea, but now that things are like this, what the hell is......!"

Riana asked me, looking up at the meteor shower in the sky.

"Later, later!"

But I didn't have time for a conversation right now.

Meteors are raining down, but the temple's barriers are catching most of them, and students are running away screaming, but there are no monsters on the loose like outside the temple.

The knights of Chanapelle were after us again.

"Sis, pick me up!"

"Ace! Okay!"

Riana was the fittest, so Olivia nervously carried her along for the ride.

-Bang! Quack!

The Imperial Mages were casting offensive spells against us, but Herriot was able to deal with them.

If you run away, where.

Where to go and what to do.

I'm the devil.

Olivia, Riana, and Harriet will never be able to return to the world of humans again.

I couldn't help but think about it, even when I wasn't thinking about the future.

How the hell am I supposed to be responsible for them?

The good news is that all the combat-capable troops were outside the temple.

Since we couldn't climb over the collapsed building, we had to navigate around the blockage in real time, with Riana stopping the Swordmasters in their tracks and Herriot putting up a barrier there once again.

"@AndreaMcGee....... 허억......."

Herriot eventually reached the limit of his physical abilities, and it seemed like his body was starting to take a toll.

You only need to cross the temple gate.

You need to get over it, teleport away, and get somewhere.

If you encounter any of the Council's Lord Vampires outside the Temple, you will be able to escape the ecliptic via mass teleportation.

Will Sarkozy, Roussinil, Loyard, and Effinghauser be safe?

Obviously, this gate situation had to be caused by Elise.

I wonder if Eleris will be okay.

What was I thinking when I went live with Akasha, and how do I feel about it now?

All I could think about was the horrible things that had happened.

He somehow managed to fend off the pursuit and reach the main entrance to the temple.

We just need to break through that door.

I could see Ellen in front of him, wearing a cloak of flame and a saccharine sword.

"......."

Ellen Artorius was blocking the way for the four of us.

It's as if you're trying to be the head of the floodgates.

Ellen was blocking our path.

We don't know what path they took to get ahead of us.

However, Ellen stood in our way.

First and foremost, that sword.

I think it's lime, but it's a different kind of black than I've ever seen before.

"Get out of the way. Are you going to be the last one standing?"

Olivia grits her teeth and glares at Ellen.

Riana bit her lip and looked at Ellen.

In this moment, we all felt it.

No matter what the four of us do, we can't get past Ellen Artorius.

It was almost an instinctive gut reaction.

The magical enhancement around Ellen's body felt completely different than it did now.

How and when did Ellen become a Swordmaster?

But it was clear that if Ellen, clutching her blackened ramen, tried to stop us, none of us would be able to take her on.

Ellen's sword is stronger than Olivia's.

The Sun God's cloak will block Riana's charge.

Not even Herriot's magic would be able to penetrate Ellen's defenses.

Ellen has two-way resistance, so my words will not work.

Ellen looks at me with a calm expression.

Ellen, wearing the cloak of a sun god and a dark sword that looks like it's stolen a strand of night, looks at me and asks.

"Reinhardt. Answer me one question."

"......Say."

Ellen takes a deep breath and looks at me.

"What, you didn't get it?"

At those words, I felt a shiver run down my spine.

"You should have gotten it."

The other three don't know what you're talking about.

Only I know.

Rapelt, the cloak of the sun god.

Why didn't I get that?

"You should have gotten it, obviously."

If you're the devil, and you've been using me all this time.

I shouldn't have passed up the chance to have three holy relics.

That seemed to be Ellen's last question.

On this hellish map, where my minions are trying to destroy the world to save me, and meteors are falling on my temple.

When I'm pretty sure it was my men who caused it.

For the last time, Ellen seemed to try to believe me.

The four of us must leave the temple.

Probably, it won't come back.

I look at the transformed laments.

A sword forged in tears.

In his grief, Ramen has come to embrace an unidentified power.

It's a sword that looks like it can cut through anything.

If grief makes Ellen stronger.

If that's what it takes to survive this hell, this catastrophe of waking up too early.

Ellen wonders if she should be sad all the time.

No, beyond that sadness.

You should be able to hate me so much that you can use the true power of the Sun God's cloak, which is manifested in hatred.

If yes.

Should I deliberately lie to Ellen?

"I am......."

"No."

I started to say something. Ellen shook her head.

"Just, I don't want to hear it."

Ellen sees me.

"Again, I think you're trying to lie."

Ellen shakes her head, as if to say that she won't listen if it's too painful to hear.

"If that's the case, I'm not listening."

Ellen sees me.

No, his gaze was a little further away than that.

I looked behind me and saw the Swordmasters of Shanapelle closing in on me.

"Go, Reinhard."

Inflection points in history.

The inflection point in history that occurred when I didn't take the rappel. I could see it clearly now.

I should have been dead by now.

If you were given a lapel by Ellen.

I would be dead now, at Ellen's hands.

The fact that I didn't accept the lapel remained the last doubt in Ellen's mind.

It remained as something of a last hope.

Now, instead of killing me, it made me make a different choice.

When it was clear that my men had caused the catastrophe that brought the world to its knees, I made the choice to save the source, not kill it.

Ellen rushes past me, blocking the knights of Shanapelle from pursuing me.

"You....... What are you going to do......."

"It's okay."

Ellen stood in the way of the knights, gripping her sword.

"I'm not going to kill you, no one."

Against the Swordmasters of Shanapelle, Ellen says she won't die, but she won't kill them either.

As such, Ellen seemed to believe she could take them all down.

"So, go."

Will we ever meet again.

Is it possible.

If we meet again.

I wonder if it will ever be the same.

"From start to finish. It's all my fault."

I'm regretting it.

If you trusted me, if we had talked a little earlier, or before it all came to this.

This wouldn't have happened, or so I thought.

"I'm sorry I didn't believe you."

Just like I think that if I hadn't done anything, the gate wouldn't have happened.

Ellen says that if she hadn't done anything, none of this would have happened, and if she had trusted me, none of this would have happened.

He seemed to have the same kind of thoughts as me.

Finally, Ellen looks back at me.

Not just me, but Olivia, Riana, and Harriet.

Look at everyone once.

Even in this situation, I see people who believe in me and want to follow me.

Seeing others who have done something before you that you haven't.

"I am....... I don't deserve to like you."

They didn't believe me when it mattered most.

So here's what happened.

So Ellen seemed to have decided that I shouldn't even be allowed to have a heart.

With those words, Ellen sprints off toward the pursuing knights of Shanapelle.

We're leaving.

Ellen stays here, trying to stop the pursuit of me.

Live.

Me, too.

When and where we'll meet again, and under what circumstances, I don't know.

Even if a future where we point knives at each other is the only future we have left.

Until then, let's hope we don't kill each other.

I ran toward the entrance of the temple.





