Episode 450.





A gate event is an outpouring of monsters from a warp gate.

A gate outbreak must be well underway before the monster spreads to the outlying areas. Unless it's been a while since the outbreak, towns outside of the city center or without even a warp gate will be rather peaceful.

And even if it's small, it has to be city-sized to have a warp gate.

In the early stages of the outbreak, the most dangerous places are large cities along the ecliptic.

With Eleris' guidance, my party made it to the location of Galarsh and Leruen, who were casting Mass Teleport, and we were able to reach a forested area very far from the ecliptic.

Antirrhinus doesn't know what he's doing.

However, we've arrived in a tranquil green forest that has nothing to do with the catastrophic events unfolding on the ecliptic.

Me, Olivia, Riana, Herriot, Elise, Lerouen, and Galash.

The three who came to my rescue turned white at the sight of the long-eared Leruen and the orcish vampire Galarsh.

"You....... Are you real......."

Riana froze and pointed a finger at me.

"Now you're going to say, 'Oh, you're the devil, and you knew it, didn't you?"

"No....... Yes, but......."

Riana stared blankly at the gray, hulking orc vampire.

"Elf....... You were there......."

Herriot was staring at Lerouen with his mouth open in a different way.

I didn't think I'd make it out alive, but I did make it out of the ecliptic.

We're in a tranquil, peaceful landscape in the woods with the chirping of nameless birds, but it's not really peaceful.

Monsters will be spewing out of warp gates all over the ecliptic and the world, and many cities will be wiped out before they can do anything about it.

And the annexed cities of the doomed city would meet the same fate as the spreading monsters.

Even though she was trying to save me, Eleris couldn't even keep her head up when she was the one who caused it.

Efforts to prevent gating caused gating.

But you can't be tied down by that sense of hopelessness.

I look at the people in this room.

After all, they're the ones who trusted me to be here. First, I had to explain everything to them.

"Okay, since we're new, let's start with an introduction: these are my allies, ancient vampire lords who are older than most countries."

Tuesday's Elise.

Thursday's Lerouen.

Friday's Galash.

All three panicked at the unheard of sound of a road vampire.

"That....... It's daytime now, right......?"

"That's right......."

"Just do it."

I didn't have time to explain what a load vampire is.

"And not here, but....... You know, Lucinil, who used to be close to me."

"Yes."

"...... Why?"

"Oh....... Come to think of it, I just realized that he was......."

Olivia looked at Lucinil, who had appeared out of nowhere.

"Lucinil is....... One of the Lord Vampires who infiltrated the Temple."

Will Lucinil be okay.

Even as I spoke, I couldn't help but feel a flutter in my heart.



* * *



Everyone was stunned when they heard who Rusinil was, but they didn't give him enough time to explain himself.

There was just too much to explain.

I told the best story I could, assuming you all believe me without question.

Just like we did with Elise.

That he remembers from the day the demon was killed by the warrior.

We knew the gate was going to happen, and we knew the future to some extent.

That we've done everything up to this point to prevent that gate from happening.

Tracking down Akasha and Cantus Magna.

How I found out who Akasha was, and how it all went downhill just as I was about to spill the beans.

So much so that my men caused a gate incident to save me, which is why I'm where I am today.

Eleris already knew the story, but the three Temples, as well as Galarsh and Leruen, were wide-eyed when they heard what I had to say.

"So I'm trying to prevent a gate from happening, but I'm directly causing it to happen."

I don't know the look on my face when I said that.

Olivia and Harriet, however, were biting their lips.

Eleris was the one who caused the gate, and she was too guilty to say anything.

It's pretty obvious.

It would have been impossible to resist the impulses of Sarkozy or Antony.

Of course, that doesn't make Elise's sins go away.

"Anyway, we can't just sit back and do nothing because this is how things have gotten to this point. We have to do something."

It's ridiculous that I'm the one who caused the gate debacle and now I'm around to clean up the mess.

But why not?

My life is exchanged for the lives of tens or hundreds of millions of others. Even if I didn't ask for it, it's already happened.

So even if it's just one.

Isn't it my duty to save even one life that will die because of me?

Antirrhinus wants me to crumble in despair, but I have no intention of doing so.

I thought I was going to save everyone.

I knew I couldn't save everyone, but I tried.

And in the end, I was the one who caused the situation that got everyone killed.

When you do.

You put me in that situation.

Did you think I was going to fall down?

Did you think I was going to fall apart?

Did you think you'd never get back up?

If I could die and save everyone, I would.

However, my death now does not create anything more than nothingness.

What I can do in death is gone, so I'll do what I can do in life.

Since I cannot find meaning in death, I will find meaning in life.

I'm not a strong person, but I did a lot of thinking while I was being held.

In my despair, I hoped that my death would be the end of it all.

But I didn't die.

I survived, had to watch the gate happen, and was thrown back out into the world.

The world wants me to fall apart.

Whether it's out of spite, resentment, or bitterness.

You can't go down without a fight.

I don't want to be the guy who wakes up in the middle of the continent after the Gate debacle, stunned, thinking I did it all wrong.

If you have to be strong, be strong.

I don't know what the line is in this situation.

It would be evil to fall and not get up.

You wanted good, but you couldn't make it happen.

At least I'll avoid evil.

You've decided to stay away from evil.

Unbreakable.

You can't sit back.

I have to do what I can.

"Reinhardt....... You have to save the humans? Why?"

Olivia said.

They don't believe you, they'll only hate you, and when they find out, they'll say the devil was the cause of everything and everyone will hate me.

Olivia didn't seem to understand what I was saying when I asked her why we should save them.

"Because I, the world, made it that way."

This is a world I've created, and people have fallen victim to the absurdities I've created.

If only that were a reality.

It's where that imagination became reality.

Try to solve the absurdity you created, and get hit with an even worse absurdity.

I was thrown into that situation.

It's a world of my own making, an absurdity of my own making.

So I have to fix it.

They don't understand what I mean.

It's okay if you don't understand it.

Do what you can in a given situation.

Even when I didn't know what caused the gate, I did what I could given the circumstances.

The result was the gate crisis.

I still do what I can, given the circumstances.

Other than that, there's nothing.

"I have to calm this down somehow."

"I don't think I can do everything by myself, because what I can do by myself is very limited and probably not worth it in the grand scheme of things."

"I'm going to do what I can, and it's probably not going to mean much by myself, so I'm going to need a lot of people."

"You don't have to cooperate with me, and if you don't believe in what I'm doing, you don't have to do anything, but I'm going to be somewhat accountable to the people who trusted me and came this far. At least a place where we can be safe. I'll make that happen."

"And I'm trying to do something I can't do alone, so it's going to have to be a 'we' instead of a 'me'."

"We've got to get a place where we can be safe, we've got to create our own faction, we've got to create people who follow us, we've got to grow our power....... We're going to have to do those things....... So......."

A gate event has occurred.

Therefore, I can no longer be content to work alone or with a small group of people to solve this problem.

"I will rebuild the Darklands."

That's why I can't help but dream of rebuilding the Darklands.

I.

It's only now, after all this time, when everything is broken.

He realized that he shouldn't just be a prince of the ruins, he should be the king of a rebuilt Darklands.



* * *



Rebuild the Demon Realm to calm the gate situation. If I go in alone, I'll only be able to break a few gates, and I'm pretty sure I'll die a self-destructive death.

I am stronger than most humans, but I have my limits.

It doesn't matter if I'm a Swordmaster or a Grandmaster.

Even if the Swordmasters are superhuman, can they save the world?

Through the power of those who follow me, we will save villages, tribes, and cities, and bring about a complete end to the Gate Crisis.

So I'd rather use my political power, my influence, than my strength.

"I haven't thought about who will follow me or how I'll form my faction yet, but I'll start with......."

"I know."

I was about to say something, but Olivia interrupted.

"What?"

"Someone on your side, someone who will listen. No, people."

I thought I knew what Olivia was talking about.

"If it's the Five Great Lords....... I'm pretty sure he'd try to deny it, even if I had the holy relic, since I'm the one responsible for the gate?"

"No, not you."

Olivia shook her head vigorously.

"Magickal."

a.

Suddenly, a proposition popped into my head that I had forgotten because of all that had happened.

Demonology.

"I know where the cultists are, and I know where they are."

No, really, when?

"The Satanists think you should be dead, not just faking it. I've seen it all."

Olivia went on to tell me in detail that the ruined cities of the Gelkhorgir Desert were the strongholds of the Demon Cult, and that she had already mapped out all of their locations.

Originally, I thought they were going to be my enemies, so I mobilized the Crusaders to hunt them down, but before I could report to the Crusaders, they were captured by the Knights of Shanapelle.

Magickal.

They're dangerous, but right now I need a force.

I need strength more than anything. The demigods, who worship me even though I don't want them to, and who will take my word for it, are a force to be reckoned with at this point.

This happened because of bad timing.

If the timing was off, the Demon Cultists would have already been wiped out by the Crusaders.

This juxtaposition is both terrible for me and good for me at some points.

Herriot and Riana didn't understand how Olivia could have gotten that information.

They don't know that Olivia has access to demonic powers.

It would be easy to gain the trust of the Demonists just by dealing with demonic powers, so reaching them would be the easiest thing for Olivia to do.

"Okay....... Well, I guess it's important that we get the Satanists under control first......."

It was also very important for me to have the Demon Gods in my faction.

And the Gelkorgis Desert is uninhabited; there are no warp gates there, so it's not affected by the gate crisis, and probably doesn't even know it's happening on the continent.

-Foodie!

Out of nowhere, a swarm of bats began to fly from one side of the forest. Herriot pointed at it, his face white.

"Hey, what's that......?"

"Don't be a dick."

Soon, it coalesced in front of us and took the form of an old man in a black suit, bowler hat, and cane.

Antirrhinus looks at me, removes his hat, and bows his head deeply.

"I see a great being."

Antirrhinus smiled and put his hat back on his head, as if he was not amused by the situation.

Yes.

I'm going to love the fact that I've arrived at the answer to everything and now I've made a mess of things.

"That old man is Antony of Toyo, the last of the Lord Vampires I told you about. He's insane, so don't befriend him."

"Heh heh. You're being harsh."

In the face of my tirade, Antirrhinus only smirked.

I think that's a lot of information for these three to take in, and I don't have time to explain it to them right now anyway.

"The Lord of Demand and Sarkegar have been captured, and Lord Loyaar and Effinghauser are dead."

Antirrhinus came with a message.

Dr. Effinghauser and Loyard are dead.

"Seo, the teacher said....... Why?"

"Our teacher?"

Liana and Harriet both went white at the mention of Dr. Effinghauser's death.

I don't know why.

Dr. Effinghauser tried to save me and said it was not the Order's will.

Dr. Effinghauser betrayed the Order, tried to save me, and died.

And Loyardo is dead.

I doubt the Rotary Club will survive.

What happened to Adriana.

Some survived, but too many were dead or in doubt.

"......."

The pressure and hopelessness of the situation was overwhelming.

Why Dr. Effinghauser died for me.

I want to think about Loyard and the deaths of the club members, but I don't have time to dwell on it.

I didn't know what a king was, and I never thought I wanted to be one.

I had no intention of answering Sarkegar's desire for me to be king.

However, I decided to be a king.

A king is not a place for a man who is saddened and depressed by such things, who shrinks into a corner and sinks into despair.

What happens is what happens.

Who loved me, how much I loved someone.

What were the memories I had with them, what they meant to me.

Rather than reminiscing about it, we should be embracing the future.

So you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner until everything is fine.

You end up forgetting.

A being who ended up not knowing what to remember, who to remember, or what to grieve.

That would be the king.

Loyaar is dead.

Effinghauser is dead.

However.

Rusinil and Sarkegar were captured.

It's still alive.

Put aside your grief for the dead.

Though I don't know when I'll be able to grieve it.

Since I cannot reverse death, I must slow the death of my people, those who are still alive.

"Antirrhinus, can you deliver a scorpion to the empire?"

"I think that's about as good as it gets."

I must be the one who holds the future.

You can't live in the past.

"Tell them we're going to deal with the gate situation on our own terms, and that we have no intention of fighting the humans."

The Gate debacle has already happened.

"But if you kill Lucinil and Sarkegar, they are permanent enemies from that moment on."

This is no joke.

"Tell him that."

You can't bring down an empire as usual.

"I'm sure you don't realize that I could do that if I wanted to, having absorbed the powers of Satanism."

But if I were to absorb the power of the demonic religion as I am now, I could bring down humanity, not the empire.

The Empire might be too stupid to realize it. So they might kill Lucinil and Sarkegar.

If that happens, I will crush the empire and build a new one on its ruins.

There's no such thing as a human master of humanity.

"Hmph, hmph, hmph....... By all means, I will pass it on, great one......."

I narrowed my eyes at Antrianus, who smirked, as if he found my words and decision so amusing.

This is the kind of inspiration that would have pushed Elise over the edge.

"If you paraphrase it, it won't be funny."

At my words, Antirrhinus shook his head repeatedly.

"Hehe....... Why would I pursue such a frivolous pursuit?"

Yes.

I believe in Antigone's quote about not playing around unless it's extreme fun.

-Tap!

-Foodie!

Everyone is looking at Antirrhinus ominously as he flies away, transformed into a swarm of bats.

He warns the Empire that if they dare to threaten Sarkegar and Lucinil's safety, they could be in real trouble.

The Empire may hate me, but that doesn't mean they can't think about what would happen if they had me as an enemy.

Getting them back may be difficult in the short term, but it may be possible in the long term.

"So, Archdemon, do you intend to travel to the Gelkorgis Desert from now on?"

Lerouen looked at me and asked.

Galarsh and Lerouen are still trying to cooperate with me.

If they choose to leave, I have nothing to say. They've done so much for me that I have nothing to give.

"The Gelkorgis Desert is my stronghold. If I know exactly where the cultists are, I can deliver them."

"Maybe, but it's not a top priority."

There are more important things than gaining power.

Base.

A land where we can be safe.

And before that.

I look at Harriet and Liana.

"You guys, your families are....... What the hell are you going to do?"

They were trying to save me somehow. I don't know what their plan was, but it got tangled up in the gate outbreak.

But it was clear that they thought their families were in danger. Not just their lives, but the lives of people across the continent.

"Arnaka is....... It's going to be okay....... I trust my dad......."

Arnaka, capital of the Principality of Saint Thuan.

The Archduke said he must be more worried about his daughter, who had sided with the Devil. Herriot bowed his head and clenched his fists.

Herriot seemed to believe that the Duchy of St. Thuan, let alone the Archduke, would be able to handle the chaos that would ensue from the Gate.

I look at Riana this time. She looks off into the distance of the forest and speaks slowly, as if sighing.

"......I told my mom I was going to do this today."

Somehow, Riana knew that the Empire, not me, was the target of her vengeance. If she said that, it must mean her mother knew, too.

Riana chose to side with the devil to destroy the empire, and her mother was okay with it.

After the death of Duke Granz, it was clear that much had changed in the Duchess's mind.

The Duchess allowed Riana to risk her life to avenge her father.

But right now, it's not Riana who's in danger, it's the Duchess.

It's not like Herriot is afraid, but believes in the power of the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine and the Duchy, so even though he's nervous, he knows his father will be safe.

The Duchess's life is in danger, and even if she is indeed safe until the Gate situation is stabilized, she cannot be safe unless I am certain that Riana is on my side.

Riana's hands shook as she clenched into fists.

"So my mom says....... you know. We went to....... the other day."

Hmm?

No?

"Edina Archipelago?"

"Yeah, go to the cottage over there, because if I do this....... I'll be in danger......."

Duchess Granz ducked out of the way, knowing that Riana was going to cause an accident.

But if the gate has opened in the Edina Archipelago, the Duchess's life will be in danger. So Riana agrees to help me, but knowing that her mother's life is in danger, she can't be at ease.

"That's great."

But at my words, not only did Riana narrow her eyes at me, but Harriet flinched as if she didn't know what I was talking about.

"What, that's good?"

"Great, then."

I crossed my arms.

"Because we're going to the Edina Archipelago."

Where we'll be based from now on.

Saving Airi, who would otherwise be in danger, but is too far from the continent and news comes in very late.

Edina Archipelago.

That isolated archipelago is the perfect place for us to grow our power while staying out of the eyes of the Empire.

"We're going to take over the Edina Archipelago."

That will be the starting point for the rebuilt Darklands.

You go to rescue Airi.

And we're going to save Duchess Granz.

So it can only be a good thing.





