Episode 450.





A gate event is an outpouring of monsters from a warp gate.

A gate outbreak must be well underway before the monster spreads to the outlying areas. Unless it's been a while since the outbreak, towns outside of the city center or without even a warp gate will be rather peaceful.

And even if it's small, it has to be city-sized to have a warp gate.

In the early stages of the outbreak, the most dangerous places are large cities along the ecliptic.

With Eleris' guidance, my party made it to the location of Galarsh and Leruen, who were casting Mass Teleport, and we were able to reach a forested area very far from the ecliptic.

Antirrhinus doesn't know what he's doing.

However, we've arrived in a tranquil green forest that has nothing to do with the catastrophic events unfolding on the ecliptic.

Me, Olivia, Riana, Herriot, Elise, Lerouen, and Galash.

The three who came to my rescue turned white at the sight of the long-eared Leruen and the orcish vampire Galarsh.

"You....... Are you real......."

Riana froze and pointed a finger at me.

"Now you're going to say, 'Oh, you're the devil, and you knew it, didn't you?"

"No....... Yes, but......."

Riana stared blankly at the gray, hulking orc vampire.

"Elf....... You were there......."

Herriot was staring at Lerouen with his mouth open in a different way.

I didn't think I'd make it out alive, but I did make it out of the ecliptic.

We're in a tranquil, peaceful landscape in the woods with the chirping of nameless birds, but it's not really peaceful.

Monsters will be spewing out of warp gates all over the ecliptic and the world, and many cities will be wiped out before they can do anything about it.

And the annexed cities of the doomed city would meet the same fate as the spreading monsters.

Even though she was trying to save me, Eleris couldn't even keep her head up when she was the one who caused it.

Efforts to prevent gating caused gating.

But you can't be tied down by that sense of hopelessness.

I look at the people in this room.

After all, they're the ones who trusted me to be here. First, I had to explain everything to them.

"Okay, since we're new, let's start with an introduction: these are my allies, ancient vampire lords who are older than most countries."

Tuesday's Elise.

Thursday's Lerouen.

Friday's Galash.

All three panicked at the unheard of sound of a road vampire.

"That....... It's daytime now, right......?"

"That's right......."

"Just do it."

I didn't have time to explain what a load vampire is.

"And not here, but....... You know, Lucinil, who used to be close to me."

"Yes."

"...... Why?"

"Oh....... Come to think of it, I just realized that he was......."

Olivia looked at Lucinil, who had appeared out of nowhere.

"Lucinil is....... One of the Lord Vampires who infiltrated the Temple."

Will Lucinil be okay.

Even as I spoke, I couldn't help but feel a flutter in my heart.



* * *



Everyone was stunned when they heard who Rusinil was, but they didn't give him enough time to explain himself.

There was just too much to explain.

I told the best story I could, assuming you all believe me without question.

Just like we did with Elise.

That he remembers from the day the demon was killed by the warrior.

We knew the gate was going to happen, and we knew the future to some extent.

That we've done everything up to this point to prevent that gate from happening.

Tracking down Akasha and Cantus Magna.

How I found out who Akasha was, and how it all went downhill just as I was about to spill the beans.

So much so that my men caused a gate incident to save me, which is why I'm where I am today.

Eleris already knew the story, but the three Temples, as well as Galarsh and Leruen, were wide-eyed when they heard what I had to say.

"So I'm trying to prevent a gate from happening, but I'm directly causing it to happen."

I don't know the look on my face when I said that.

Olivia and Harriet, however, were biting their lips.

Eleris was the one who caused the gate, and she was too guilty to say anything.

It's pretty obvious.

It would have been impossible to resist the impulses of Sarkozy or Antony.

Of course, that doesn't make Elise's sins go away.

"Anyway, we can't just sit back and do nothing because this is how things have gotten to this point. We have to do something."

It's ridiculous that I'm the one who caused the gate debacle and now I'm around to clean up the mess.

But why not?

My life is exchanged for the lives of tens or hundreds of millions of others. Even if I didn't ask for it, it's already happened.

So even if it's just one.

Isn't it my duty to save even one life that will die because of me?

Antirrhinus wants me to crumble in despair, but I have no intention of doing so.

I thought I was going to save everyone.

I knew I couldn't save everyone, but I tried.

And in the end, I was the one who caused the situation that got everyone killed.

When you do.

You put me in that situation.

Did you think I was going to fall down?

Did you think I was going to fall apart?

Did you think you'd never get back up?

If I could die and save everyone, I would.

However, my death now does not create anything more than nothingness.

What I can do in death is gone, so I'll do what I can do in life.

Since I cannot find meaning in death, I will find meaning in life.

I'm not a strong person, but I did a lot of thinking while I was being held.

In my despair, I hoped that my death would be the end of it all.

But I didn't die.

I survived, had to watch the gate happen, and was thrown back out into the world.

The world wants me to fall apart.

Whether it's out of spite, resentment, or bitterness.

You can't go down without a fight.

I don't want to be the guy who wakes up in the middle of the continent after the Gate debacle, stunned, thinking I did it all wrong.

If you have to be strong, be strong.

I don't know what the line is in this situation.

It would be evil to fall and not get up.

You wanted good, but you couldn't make it happen.

At least I'll avoid evil.

You've decided to stay away from evil.

Unbreakable.

You can't sit back.

I have to do what I can.

"Reinhardt....... You have to save the humans? Why?"

Olivia said.

They don't believe you, they'll only hate you, and when they find out, they'll say the devil was the cause of everything and everyone will hate me.

Olivia didn't seem to understand what I was saying when I asked her why we should save them.

"Because I, the world, made it that way."

This is a world I've created, and people have fallen victim to the absurdities I've created.

If only that were a reality.

It's where that imagination became reality.

Try to solve the absurdity you created, and get hit with an even worse absurdity.

I was thrown into that situation.

It's a world of my own making, an absurdity of my own making.

So I have to fix it.

They don't understand what I mean.

It's okay if you don't understand it.

Do what you can in a given situation.

Even when I didn't know what caused the gate, I did what I could given the circumstances.

The result was the gate crisis.

I still do what I can, given the circumstances.

Other than that, there's nothing.

"I have to calm this down somehow."

"I don't think I can do everything by myself, because what I can do by myself is very limited and probably not worth it in the grand scheme of things."

"I'm going to do what I can, and it's probably not going to mean much by myself, so I'm going to need a lot of people."

"You don't have to cooperate with me, and if you don't believe in what I'm doing, you don't have to do anything, but I'm going to be somewhat accountable to the people who trusted me and came this far. At least a place where we can be safe. I'll make that happen."

"And I'm trying to do something I can't do alone, so it's going to have to be a 'we' instead of a 'me'."

"We've got to get a place where we can be safe, we've got to create our own faction, we've got to create people who follow us, we've got to grow our power....... We're going to have to do those things....... So......."

A gate event has occurred.

Therefore, I can no longer be content to work alone or with a small group of people to solve this problem.

"I will rebuild the Darklands."

That's why I can't help but dream of rebuilding the Darklands.

I.

It's only now, after all this time, when everything is broken.

He realized that he shouldn't just be a prince of the ruins, he should be the king of a rebuilt Darklands.



* * *



Rebuild the Demon Realm to calm the gate situation. If I go in alone, I'll only be able to break a few gates, and I'm pretty sure I'll die a self-destructive death.

I am stronger than most humans, but I have my limits.

It doesn't matter if I'm a Swordmaster or a Grandmaster.

Even if the Swordmasters are superhuman, can they save the world?

Through the power of those who follow me, we will save villages, tribes, and cities, and bring about a complete end to the Gate Crisis.

So I'd rather use my political power, my influence, than my strength.

"I haven't thought about who will follow me or how I'll form my faction yet, but I'll start with......."

"I know."

I was about to say something, but Olivia interrupted.

"What?"

"Someone on your side, someone who will listen. No, people."

I thought I knew what Olivia was talking about.

"If it's the Five Great Lords....... I'm pretty sure he'd try to deny it, even if I had the holy relic, since I'm the one responsible for the gate?"

"No, not you."

Olivia shook her head vigorously.

"Magickal."

a.

Suddenly, a proposition popped into my head that I had forgotten because of all that had happened.

Demonology.

"I know where the cultists are, and I know where they are."

No, really, when?

"The Satanists think you should be dead, not just faking it. I've seen it all."

Olivia went on to tell me in detail that the ruined cities of the Gelkhorgir Desert were the strongholds of the Demon Cult, and that she had already mapped out all of their locations.

Originally, I thought they were going to be my enemies, so I mobilized the Crusaders to hunt them down, but before I could report to the Crusaders, they were captured by the Knights of Shanapelle.

Magickal.

They're dangerous, but right now I need a force.

I need strength more than anything. The demigods, who worship me even though I don't want them to, and who will take my word for it, are a force to be reckoned with at this point.

This happened because of bad timing.

If the timing was off, the Demon Cultists would have already been wiped out by the Crusaders.

This juxtaposition is both terrible for me and good for me at some points.

Herriot and Riana didn't understand how Olivia could have gotten that information.

They don't know that Olivia has access to demonic powers.

It would be easy to gain the trust of the Demonists just by dealing with demonic powers, so reaching them would be the easiest thing for Olivia to do.

"Okay....... Well, I guess it's important that we get the Satanists under control first......."

It was also very important for me to have the Demon Gods in my faction.

And the Gelkorgis Desert is uninhabited; there are no warp gates there, so it's not affected by the gate crisis, and probably doesn't even know it's happening on the continent.

-Foodie!

Out of nowhere, a swarm of bats began to fly from one side of the forest. Herriot pointed at it, his face white.

"Hey, what's that......?"

"Don't be a dick."

Soon, it coalesced in front of us and took the form of an old man in a black suit, bowler hat, and cane.

Antirrhinus looks at me, removes his hat, and bows his head deeply.

"I see a great being."

Antirrhinus smiled and put his hat back on his head, as if he was not amused by the situation.

Yes.

I'm going to love the fact that I've arrived at the answer to everything and now I've made a mess of things.

"That old man is Antony of Toyo, the last of the Lord Vampires I told you about. He's insane, so don't befriend him."

"Heh heh. You're being harsh."

In the face of my tirade, Antirrhinus only smirked.

I think that's a lot of information for these three to take in, and I don't have time to explain it to them right now anyway.

"The Lord of Demand and Sarkegar have been captured, and Lord Loyaar and Effinghauser are dead."

Antirrhinus came with a message.

Dr. Effinghauser and Loyard are dead.

"Seo, the teacher said....... Why?"

"Our teacher?"

Liana and Harriet both went white at the mention of Dr. Effinghauser's death.

I don't know why.

Dr. Effinghauser tried to save me and said it was not the Order's will.

Dr. Effinghauser betrayed the Order, tried to save me, and died.

And Loyardo is dead.

I doubt the Rotary Club will survive.

What happened to Adriana.

Some survived, but too many were dead or in doubt.

"......."

The pressure and hopelessness of the situation was overwhelming.

Why Dr. Effinghauser died for me.

I want to think about Loyard and the deaths of the club members, but I don't have time to dwell on it.

I didn't know what a king was, and I never thought I wanted to be one.

I had no intention of answering Sarkegar's desire for me to be king.

However, I decided to be a king.

A king is not a place for a man who is saddened and depressed by such things, who shrinks into a corner and sinks into despair.

What happens is what happens.

Who loved me, how much I loved someone.

What were the memories I had with them, what they meant to me.

Rather than reminiscing about it, we should be embracing the future.

So you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner, you put it on the back burner until everything is fine.

You end up forgetting.

A being who ended up not knowing what to remember, who to remember, or what to grieve.

That would be the king.

Loyaar is dead.

Effinghauser is dead.

However.

Rusinil and Sarkegar were captured.

It's still alive.

Put aside your grief for the dead.

Though I don't know when I'll be able to grieve it.

Since I cannot reverse death, I must slow the death of my people, those who are still alive.

"Antirrhinus, can you deliver a scorpion to the empire?"

"I think that's about as good as it gets."

I must be the one who holds the future.

You can't live in the past.

"Tell them we're going to deal with the gate situation on our own terms, and that we have no intention of fighting the humans."

The Gate debacle has already happened.

"But if you kill Lucinil and Sarkegar, they are permanent enemies from that moment on."

This is no joke.

"Tell him that."

You can't bring down an empire as usual.

"I'm sure you don't realize that I could do that if I wanted to, having absorbed the powers of Satanism."

But if I were to absorb the power of the demonic religion as I am now, I could bring down humanity, not the empire.

The Empire might be too stupid to realize it. So they might kill Lucinil and Sarkegar.

If that happens, I will crush the empire and build a new one on its ruins.

There's no such thing as a human master of humanity.

"Hmph, hmph, hmph....... By all means, I will pass it on, great one......."

I narrowed my eyes at Antrianus, who smirked, as if he found my words and decision so amusing.

This is the kind of inspiration that would have pushed Elise over the edge.

"If you paraphrase it, it won't be funny."

At my words, Antirrhinus shook his head repeatedly.

"Hehe....... Why would I pursue such a frivolous pursuit?"

Yes.

I believe in Antigone's quote about not playing around unless it's extreme fun.

-Tap!

-Foodie!

Everyone is looking at Antirrhinus ominously as he flies away, transformed into a swarm of bats.

He warns the Empire that if they dare to threaten Sarkegar and Lucinil's safety, they could be in real trouble.

The Empire may hate me, but that doesn't mean they can't think about what would happen if they had me as an enemy.

Getting them back may be difficult in the short term, but it may be possible in the long term.

"So, Archdemon, do you intend to travel to the Gelkorgis Desert from now on?"

Lerouen looked at me and asked.

Galarsh and Lerouen are still trying to cooperate with me.

If they choose to leave, I have nothing to say. They've done so much for me that I have nothing to give.

"The Gelkorgis Desert is my stronghold. If I know exactly where the cultists are, I can deliver them."

"Maybe, but it's not a top priority."

There are more important things than gaining power.

Base.

A land where we can be safe.

And before that.

I look at Harriet and Liana.

"You guys, your families are....... What the hell are you going to do?"

They were trying to save me somehow. I don't know what their plan was, but it got tangled up in the gate outbreak.

But it was clear that they thought their families were in danger. Not just their lives, but the lives of people across the continent.

"Arnaka is....... It's going to be okay....... I trust my dad......."

Arnaka, capital of the Principality of Saint Thuan.

The Archduke said he must be more worried about his daughter, who had sided with the Devil. Herriot bowed his head and clenched his fists.

Herriot seemed to believe that the Duchy of St. Thuan, let alone the Archduke, would be able to handle the chaos that would ensue from the Gate.

I look at Riana this time. She looks off into the distance of the forest and speaks slowly, as if sighing.

"......I told my mom I was going to do this today."

Somehow, Riana knew that the Empire, not me, was the target of her vengeance. If she said that, it must mean her mother knew, too.

Riana chose to side with the devil to destroy the empire, and her mother was okay with it.

After the death of Duke Granz, it was clear that much had changed in the Duchess's mind.

The Duchess allowed Riana to risk her life to avenge her father.

But right now, it's not Riana who's in danger, it's the Duchess.

It's not like Herriot is afraid, but believes in the power of the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine and the Duchy, so even though he's nervous, he knows his father will be safe.

The Duchess's life is in danger, and even if she is indeed safe until the Gate situation is stabilized, she cannot be safe unless I am certain that Riana is on my side.

Riana's hands shook as she clenched into fists.

"So my mom says....... you know. We went to....... the other day."

Hmm?

No?

"Edina Archipelago?"

"Yeah, go to the cottage over there, because if I do this....... I'll be in danger......."

Duchess Granz ducked out of the way, knowing that Riana was going to cause an accident.

But if the gate has opened in the Edina Archipelago, the Duchess's life will be in danger. So Riana agrees to help me, but knowing that her mother's life is in danger, she can't be at ease.

"That's great."

But at my words, not only did Riana narrow her eyes at me, but Harriet flinched as if she didn't know what I was talking about.

"What, that's good?"

"Great, then."

I crossed my arms.

"Because we're going to the Edina Archipelago."

Where we'll be based from now on.

Saving Airi, who would otherwise be in danger, but is too far from the continent and news comes in very late.

Edina Archipelago.

That isolated archipelago is the perfect place for us to grow our power while staying out of the eyes of the Empire.

"We're going to take over the Edina Archipelago."

That will be the starting point for the rebuilt Darklands.

You go to rescue Airi.

And we're going to save Duchess Granz.

So it can only be a good thing.





第451季节





The Edina Archipelago is essentially a remote island nation outside of the regular warp gate system that covers the entire continent.

There are small warp gates connecting the islands of the archipelago, but they only connect island to island and do not reach the continent.

Due to the nature of gate events, where the bigger the gate, the bigger the monsters, the smaller the gate event was in other areas.

But that's only relative.

-croak

It can handle the familiar shape of the monster, which looks like a small dog.

-Kiriririk

However, there are some variants that have dozens of arms and dozens of eyeballs attached to each arm.

Not only are these creatures horrifying to look at, but the dozens of arms they have to kill everyone within their reach would send soldiers fleeing in a panic, let alone ordinary people.

It looks arbitrary.

When the inevitable monsters start pouring out of the warp gate, people, both soldiers and civilians, have no choice but to flee.

The area around the warp gate was quickly turned to rubble, and fire-breathing monsters set buildings ablaze. In an instant, Razak, the main port city of the Edina Archipelago, was filled with chaos and screams.

-Pooh! Pow!

"This is....... replace......!"

The succubus queen, Airi, gritted her teeth and shot the creatures with her cage, then looked out at the monsters still lining the streets, and growing in number.

There's no reason to have a weapon, so the cage she's holding now was the dead guard's weapon.

Being a mixed race of demons, Airi had seen her fair share of demons and beasts.

However, the monsters that appeared now resembled some of the demons and beasts that existed in the world, while others were anomalies that could hardly be considered life.

The guards had already lost their nerve with the monstrous creatures, whose very existence was terrifying.

Despite losing her horns, Airi had learned to fight, and the other succubi under her command were gritting their teeth to keep her sane, somehow managing to hold off the onslaught of monsters.

The president and staff of Angel Capital, including Airi, who started out as a bar and was accused of sucking people's blood with a hook.

They were the only ones remaining sane and holding their weapons as the guards fled.

Angel Capital, like a giant temple in Airi, has become a temporary refuge for those who have nowhere else to run.

People hid behind the succubi and watched as the pink-haired loan shark boss caged, beat, and even tore the monsters apart with his bare hands.

-Airi from.......

-Was that a good fight......?

-It's a monster.......

The crowd inside the entrance to Angel Capital stood frozen, watching as the guards stood at the entrance, shooting and killing any monsters that fled in fear.

Even with her horns removed, Airi's physical abilities are not comparable to those of a normal human.

In the midst of the catastrophe that was about to consume the Edina Archipelago, they found themselves defending their customers and long-term prey.

A sudden catastrophe.

-currrrrr

Airi watched, frozen, as the burning building collapsed, crushing the fleeing people under its rubble.

"What are the soldiers doing?"

Airi muttered nervously, but even she was getting tired of looking at the monsters.

The Edina Archipelago is an outlier among outliers.

Some of the most skilled or talented people leave for the continent with big dreams.

The people left on the island aren't necessarily ravenous, but you can't expect them to grit their teeth and defend themselves against a sudden catastrophe.

How many soldiers are there on this small archipelago, how many knights are there, how many of them are enchanted, and how many wizards are there.

Anyone who could be enchanted would be considered the best of the best in the archipelago at that moment, and if they were young enough to be enchanted, they would have gone to the continent with bigger dreams.

Airi doesn't know where it all started.

All they've heard from those who have fled is that monsters are coming out of the warp gate.

Is this happening only in this razak, only in the archipelago. Or an entire continent.

No one knows unless they hear it from the devil himself.

"Hmph!"

Airi breathed raggedly as she pierced the gills of a charging two-headed bear with her spear, then stabbed the other one in the skull with the longsword sheathed at her waist, killing it instantly.

"허억....... 허억......."

There's no telling how long the monsters will keep coming.

As she watched the corpses lining the streets, and more being added to the pile, Airi drew the bars from the desperate bear-like creature.

Hates humans.

It wished for the destruction of humans.

-Grrrrrr!

However, a large lizard that nearly filled the alleyway flicked its tail once, sending people flying.

I hate humans.

In the long run, I was hoping for the extinction of the human race.

I wonder if this is allowed to happen.

Not by war, not by anything, but by an inexplicable catastrophe.

Civilians, not soldiers, who have never known a fight in their lives.

Just like that, I can die a trashy death.

Even though she was making a living squeezing people, Airi couldn't help but realize that there were humans who deserved to be loved.

Some people spent their entire family fortune on overnight gambling tables, and others were playing with their own money, not borrowing from Capital to build their fleet.

I've had someone come in and say they couldn't pay back the money they borrowed, and they did.

But.

I've also seen people who really need money, but the amount they need is so insignificant.

I saw people who were too poor to be Airy's customers.

A boy begged his mother to lend him ten pieces of silver now because she was sick, and he would pay her back later when he was an adult.

I saw a group of little kids who were going out to play because their brother was starving at home.

Many sailors starved because they couldn't afford a meal.

I didn't think of it as compassion.

The insignificance is so insignificant, so insignificant.

I once dug into my pocket and lent him a few silver coins, with a playful remark that I'd pay him back later.

It was definitely there.

I've seen that insignificant amount of money that I forgot about as soon as I gave it, really pay off a few days later.

I once received a silver dollar that doubled in size as I knocked on the door of an angel capital with a huge smile on my face, thanking them for saving my life and saying that I would pay them back as an adult.

There was a time when that little guy was so cute, I couldn't help but hug him with all my might.

Thinking it shouldn't be this way with humans.

It's a small acknowledgment.

To me, it's a small price to pay for such a big deal.

No.

You never know when the world's perception of you as a money ghost and a bunch of money-crazed bitches will come back to bite you in the ass.

I think it's a public opinion business and a political business to prepare for that.

He started an interest-free loan program for starving children and families who lost their fathers in storms.

It's a loan, and since Airi has no intention of getting the money back, it's actually a donation. Lending money to people who can't pay it back is a donation, unless you're trying to hold their leash.

To the adults of Razak, Airi was a demon.

To them, Airi was an angel.

In keeping with the name Angel Capital, which she coined with malicious intent, Airi was a devil to some and an angel to others.

It was a red line that I drew because I couldn't stand the little struggles and insignificance.

Those kids, in the streets.

-Quack! Quack!

It was really dying a slow death.

With a short, sharp scream, it was being bitten, torn, and crushed.

"Ah....... ah......."

If you leave, everyone behind you dies, too.

I couldn't leave for the sake of my employees, the people in the shelters, and my children.

So Airi could only watch the tiny struggles of the dying with squinted eyes.

Airi felt like she was on the verge of tears once in her life.

When the demon castle falls and is taken in chains to the humans.

That one time when you felt all was lost.

And now.

Airi was once again feeling what it was like to be on the verge of tears as she watched humans, human children, not demons, die.

Monsters are pouring into the streets.

Some were small, like wild dogs, but others were clearly giant lizard-like creatures, stalking across the street.

Though the broken horns always brought bitterness to themselves.

For today.

I don't think I've ever felt more sorry for a broken horn than I do today.

If I had the power.

If only I had the power.

-No!

I wish I could have run to that little girl calling out to me as she ran down the street, protecting me from the giant lizard.

The boy who said he needed money for medicine for his mother one day.

You didn't have to look away.

No.

I can't turn away.

"Boss!"

"You can't go!"

Airi lost her temper and ran down the stairs toward the boy.

After the fall of the Demon World, Airi lived to destroy things.

However, the power you want to have to destroy something.

One of the rules of society.

Capital.

In this situation.

At a time when the very fabric of society is disintegrating.

In this situation, all the rules break down.

Capital, a power based on rules, cannot protect anything.

No amount of capital can overcome the violence in front of us.

Only in body.

Only by action.

It can destroy something or protect something.

Airi leapt to her feet and roughly grabbed the boy with her left arm as he ran down the street.

"Sis! Sis...... Hm, hm, hm!"

"I'll protect you....... I'll protect you......."

Holding the boy in her arms, Airi sees a giant lizard slithering toward her.

The cage Airi holds in her right hand is shorter than the creature's gills.

If you try to poke it, it will swallow you up.

It's too late to back down.

In the midst of destroying humanity, he protects a human being, a boy who is nothing, and is eaten by an unidentified monster.

This is.

I don't think that's what Valerie wants.

Cradling the floating boy in her arms, Airi aims her spear at the charging creature.

"Bali.

To your childhood friend who isn't here.

To the boy he recognized as his lord.

In the end, it doesn't help at all.

"I'm sorry.

Just as I was about to roll down the window with that thought.

-pot!

As if time had slowed down, Airi saw a girl with forked hair appear in front of her.

As if she had a glowing blue tattoo on her body, the girl who had suddenly appeared held out both hands in front of her.

-Bam!

-knowwhat!

The lizard slammed its face into the blue barrier and screeched and took a few steps back.

What's going on here.

A mysterious wizard appeared and saved him.

"Are you okay?"

Before she could answer the girl's question, Airi saw.

A human-shaped balier leaping from the sky.

-POOF!

And then he plunges Alsbringer, the sword of the War God, into the lizard's head.

-Currrrr!

Then, the jewel around Valier's neck glows red, and the lizard is engulfed in flames and burns.

"Val......?"

Airi, looked.



* * *



He's surprised to see Valerie in human form out of nowhere.

Airi couldn't help but be even more appalled.

-Kurrrrr! kurrrrr!

Suddenly, darkness descended upon the sky, and lightning began to fall.

-blink!

Dozens of times a second.

-Crack!

As if aimed at the monsters lining the streets, lightning flashed and monsters fell or exploded as they were struck by lightning.

"Is this....... What the hell......?"

Lightning was wiping out the monsters flooding the streets, as if some divine salvation had been sent to deal with this inexplicable scourge.

Turning her head, Airi could see the blonde, short-haired girl emitting blue electricity from her entire body.

-Quack!

And in the distance, I heard the sound of a fierce bombing.

"I think Elise handled the gate."

Valier drew his sword and walked toward him, accompanied by a girl with forked hair.

"How do you get to...... in Bali?"

"Let's get this place cleaned up and then we can talk."

As bewildered as Airi was, the boy she had just saved was equally dumbfounded.

A catastrophe that felt like it was going to bring the world down was being completely neutralized at the hands of a lightning bolt from nowhere.

"Harriet, you're in charge of finding the Duchess. Do you remember the location?"

"Yes."

"We're on the outskirts of town, so I don't think there are any monsters there yet, but we'd better get going. Riana and the road vampires will be in charge here."

"Okay."

Airi watched dumbfounded as the girl called Herriot was teleported away in continuous teleportation, the blue tattoos reactivating all over her body in an instant.

Valerie sees Airi hugging a boy.

Airi couldn't help but freeze under Valier's gaze.

Rebuilding the Demon Realm and taking revenge on humanity.

If you have done this to save a boy who cooperates with you, you have disqualified yourself as a servant of Valier.

You're bound to be disappointed.

As Airi stood frozen in place, unable to do anything, Vali said nothing, but ruffled the hair of the boy she was holding, not Airi.

As in, I'm glad the boy is alive.

He didn't smile, but he had no expression.

There seemed to be no complaints about the boy's survival and Airi's behavior.

"I see him over there."

Valier pointed to the girl, who was still summoning lightning with a blue lightning bolt wrapped around her body.

"Huh? Ah......."

"He'll take care of everything around here."

He summoned an Alsbringer in his right hand, as if he were going to be in a place she couldn't see.

-Chee!

As Valier watched the monsters pour in from one side of the alley, the flames consumed them in an instant.

-Breathe!

-Woof!

And in a distant alley somewhere, I could see a flash of divine light.

"We'll talk about this later. I've got to go."

"ugh, ugh......."

Airi watched as Valier took off down the street, and then slumped back into her seat, still clutching the boy in her arms.

"My sister....... We....... Did we buy......?"

As the frightened boy shivered and hugged his neck, Airi gently patted him on the back, frozen herself.

"Yeah....... I guess so......."

I also don't understand the sudden appearance of Valerie.

He didn't come alone, he brought a whole bunch of people with him who might be able to help.





