Episode 454.





I realized that I needed to talk to people once in a while, just like Riana did when she came to me before the end of a long day.

The people in the castle who saw me would either run away with their eyes wide open or turn white and tremble.

Other than the horns, it doesn't look particularly scary.

Perhaps he was afraid of me, afraid to imagine something more than what he could see in me.

For now, my group would be staying in a guest room in the palace.

Once you've decided what to do with the remaining royalty in the palace, they'll all have their own rooms and living quarters.

I've decided to become a king, but I don't really know what it means to be a king, so I need the help of the people around me, as well as the entire royal family.

Unprepared, he stole the country from the king.

It's ridiculous.

After descending the spire and entering the guest quarters, I found Herriot staring out from the castle's terrace.

I could sense the popularity, and she looked at me and gulped.

"Ah......! Ugh, ah....... Reinhard......."

I'm sure you're not familiar with me in my demon form.

"Is this....... your real self?"

"What....... so to speak."

I don't know if that means it's real.

Herriot looked like he was about to rip my face off.

"Something....... You say you, so I guess it's you....... It's different, but....... but maybe not that different......."

Herriot stares at me, puzzled.

"I don't know, we'll see."

See.

The words had a strange resonance.

You're going to stay with me, that's what it means.

Me and Harriet stood side by side on the terrace.

My words to Herriot weren't very long.

I want you to believe one thing: that I tried to save everyone, no matter what.

How could I believe that, when what I'd done and who I was up to that point must have been so much more than I could handle.

And this situation, at the end of the day, was caused by me.

I don't know how this will play out in the long run, but Herriot has chosen to become an enemy of humanity.

"You seem to be thinking hard."

Herriot looks out the window and says nothing.

If it's my business, it's fine. The problems I have, the things that happen to me, are my problem to deal with.

But it's a different matter when the people who chose me have to share the pressure I put on them because of me.

"Right now, I don't think it's a good time to think too much about it."

Herriot said and took my hand.

"I don't know what other people think, I only know what I think."

Harriet looks up at me.

"I'm fine, so don't worry about me."

She smirked at me, as if to say, "I can't take all the burdens off your shoulders, but I can take that one away.

I'm sure he's worried about what happened to the duchy, but Herriot comforts me in this situation.

In retrospect, Herriot was genuinely concerned when things got serious.

It was the same with my duel at the beginning of my freshman year, when we were at odds.

Herriot, who had watched the duel expecting me to be beaten, was concerned for me when I was really beaten.

They were always on my side when it mattered, and sometimes I helped them.

For some time now, I've been relying on Herriot for help all the time.

"I'm not going to be able to say it's all going to be okay, I think."

Harriet holds my hand tightly and stares out the window. The situation is overwhelmingly dire, and people are dying even as we take this momentary respite.

It can't all work out. It's already too late for a lot of things.

"But there's got to be something we can do, because there's got to be something that only I can do."

Herriot sees me.

"You, being you, there must be something you can do."

So instead of beating ourselves up and feeling sorry for ourselves, let's find something we can do.

Herriot said.

That's exactly what I was thinking.

However, there was something comforting about knowing that someone else was thinking exactly what I was thinking.

"Thanks."

Herriot is a wizard of the highest caliber, and he will find something he can do.

I was going to have to figure out what I could do as a demon.



* * *



After I finished talking to Harriet, I went to see Olivia.

"Ah, Reinhard."

Olivia looked at me and pulled me into a hug.

"I'm sorry we didn't have time to talk about this. I'm so glad you're okay. I'm so glad."

"Thank you, sister."

I hugged Olivia, too.

I knew Olivia would be on my side even if she knew I was a demon. But actually seeing her stand up for me was another matter.

Olivia did what she could.

Without Olivia, I might have been processed quickly. Then the gate incident might not have happened.

In the end, what Olivia did added a few days to my list, and those few days could have been the reason for the gate.

But I can't blame Olivia. My death wouldn't necessarily have prevented the Gate from happening.

Olivia tried to save my life, and she was crucial.

I lived through the Gate debacle, so there's no reason to blame Olivia for it.

I have to think that because I'm alive, because I survived, if I'm going to do something, it's going to be because of Olivia.

I have to think of it this way, that the risk I took to save Olivia led to a situation where I was able to survive when everything else was ruined.

Olivia and I sat down in our chairs.

"Honestly, I'm really, really glad you're okay, but I'm against all of this."

"......."

"I know it's shocking that you were a demon, but....... Now that I know, I don't understand."

It was bound to happen.

"There's no reason you should be protecting humans, and even though it ended up blowing up in your face, you tried to stop it, and it's great that you came all the way to the far south and took a country overnight....... Let's say we can deal with the gate thing or whatever, then what?"

I couldn't help but realize what Olivia was trying to say.

The aftermath, when all is said and done.

"In the end, it doesn't change the fact that we're the ones who caused the Gate, and no matter what you do to save the humans, they're going to hate us, and the Empire is going to propagandize that the Devil is the cause of everything in order to control the chaotic public opinion, and they're not actually wrong."

It's not exactly black propaganda for the Empire to say that we're the ones who caused the gate, because she's the one who started Akasha.

"The Empire won't admit that this wouldn't have happened if they'd believed you for a second, and there's no reason why they should. They'll inevitably direct all the blame at us."

"I suppose so."

"As a result, the Empire and the humans will try to kill you to make you responsible for all of this. No one will ever know how many people we tried to save, or that you really didn't want to do this. No one will ever understand, no one will ever admit it, because you're a demon. They'll try to bury the truth with that one word, because you're the devil."

Olivia sighs.

"Let's do nothing. This southern island nation won't be affected by the gate situation, so let's just stay here and let the continent and the humans do their thing. Let's keep to ourselves. We don't really need to be kings or anything, it'll just be a hassle, so let's just take our people and live somewhere quiet. I don't see why you should risk your life for something that will never be recognized by anyone."

Olivia, a human, tells me to stay away from humans.

Everything I do is ultimately unappreciated by any human being because I caused the gate crisis.

When the Gate debacle is over, the Empire will turn its sights on me.

The hatred of demons will stabilize the situation and bring unity and cohesion to humanity.

It's all so obvious and obvious that you don't have to think long to realize it's going to happen.

These are things Olivia knows without having to say them.

That's why Olivia is telling us to keep quiet.

"If I was doing it for recognition or hoping someone would notice, I wouldn't have started."

I had a choice.

To do something or not to do something.

It was Sarkegar's idea to enter the temple, but even inside the temple, they could have just kept quiet.

I didn't do that. I was going to do something, I was going to accomplish something.

But it was those behaviors that eventually led to the Gate debacle.

So now I'm supposed to turn my back on everything because I was right to do nothing.

You can't.

Now that I've decided to do something, if the result of my action is a gate, I have to do something else about it.

It's not because I want anyone to notice.

No, and it's not like everyone doesn't get it.

"And I don't know anyone who needs to know the truth, so that's that."

At least there are those who know that was not my intention.

It's bound to get a lot of misunderstanding and hate, but the people who need to know know.

The Empire may lay all the blame at my feet, but at least they can't deny that my intentions were pure. Otherwise, I wouldn't have given you the only solution to this situation so close to the Gate crisis.

Still, the Empire will try to scapegoat me, to make me the target of all their hatred.

They'll know that doesn't negate my intent.

That's it.

"Besides, I wouldn't be this close to my sister if the goal was to do nothing in the first place."

"......."

"It wasn't all bad, there was good, obviously."

Just because there's a huge negative outcome doesn't mean that everything I've done up to this point has led to this situation.

Harriet, Riana, and Olivia decided to trust me and followed me.

This wasn't necessarily a bad thing.

If I didn't do it because I didn't have to, then I had no reason to save Olivia in the first place.

I took a risk and saved Olivia, and I survived.

"So the things I'm about to do, the things I don't have to do, aren't necessarily going to come back to bite me in the ass. They're going to be good things, and they're going to be good things for me later, like my sister saving me. That kind of good thing."

"......."

Olivia stared at me, unable to respond to my words.

"I didn't think you'd listen to me because you've always been selfish, you've always saved me, you've always done this and that, and nothing I could say would make a difference."

Olivia smiled at me.

"But from now on, whatever you do, whatever we do, there are no secrets?"

"Of course."

As if that were enough, Olivia beamed.

If the Gate debacle is finalized, a conflict with the Empire may be next on the agenda.

There may come a time when it will be hopelessly damaging to humanity, and I will die a more miserable death.

Not Olivia, not Riana, not Harriet.

Everyone who helped me could die a miserable death.

I will never let that future happen.

I've tried to do something and failed, so I'm not going to sit around imagining that my next attempt to do something will also end in failure.

If I do nothing, the world will hate me, even if I do something.

If so, at least you're trying to do something.





