Episode 456.





The day after capturing the Edina Archipelago.

I thought almost half the vassals and soldiers would flee.

To my surprise, there were less than a dozen people who rejected me and disappeared.

The devil has taken the country.

For the people of the House of Edina, that would be deprivation.

But to vassals, soldiers, and citizens, it would mean something else.

The weak royal family is gone, and an absolute called the Demon King has taken its place.

And this is an island.

There's nowhere to go but up. Sailing the oceans to the continent is only for the bravest of captains and sailors.

So there was no choice but to fear the new demon, but to stay and hope that he was not as frightening as the world perceived, rather than to reject him.

As such, the majority of royal vassals and troops had very few deserters. So where did the missing ones go, I rather wondered.

In front of me on the throne, an employee of the royal administration in charge of damage control began to stutter and say things.

How many houses were destroyed, how many people were killed, how many people were left homeless, and how much relief was available in the city.

Honestly, it fell on deaf ears.

I'm bad with numbers.

With so many deaths translated into numbers, I found the list of numbers more complicated than sad.

"Okay, first of all, can we get enough relief to the refugees?"

"If we start supplying them now, they can survive, but there is a general lack of facilities to house the refugees. The favorable season means they won't freeze to death, but....... Whether winter won't come until after the massive renovations are done....... We don't really know."

In attendance were not only vassals and soldiers of the kingdom of Edina, but also my own people.

Herriot and Airi stood on either side of me, and Ellerys was behind me, minus Galarsh and Lerouen, who were away.

Riana is getting married because she doesn't know how to run a country, and Olivia is on her way to Razak city to treat the wounded because she hates helping people but will do it because I want her to.

"What are the numbers of refugees?"

"About eight thousand people."

Eight thousand people.

Eight thousand people were left without a place to stay. But the number of people actually in need is five times that, more than 45,000, the representative reported.

It may seem like a lot, but if we had been any later, eight thousand people without a place to stay could have become forty-five thousand.

"I think we should set up a large refugee camp on the outskirts of the city......."

The vassals' faces turned grim.

I know it needs to be done, but is it really that easy?

It's hard enough to think about feeding and housing eight thousand people.

Even if you spend a royal fortune feeding them, there's a limit.

Believe it or not, they can't trade between continents. So importing materials and food is out of the question.

And the construction period.

If we can't provide refugees with a warm place to sleep before winter arrives, they will freeze to death.

Food, shelter.

Ritualism is a problem for individuals, but at scale, it's a headache.

"Hey, Elise, what happened to your house-making magic?"

"I think it needs a little more work, but....... I can probably have a draft in two days."

As I talked to Elise in the throne room, I could see everyone was panicking.

House-making magic.

Wizards are an extremely rare resource in the first place.

It's a temple, so there are enough wannabe wizards to run over.

So even if magic could solve the problems in the southernmost part of the continent, there's no way it could do anything because wizards are so few and far between.

Temple's talent is picked and chosen from across the continent, so it's not surprising that some things are commonplace.

The benefits of magic are very hard to come by here, as I've seen a Templar and a Captain of the Guard fall to a single blow from my sword.

"Even if you build a house, you still need materials. How do you pay for that?"

"There's a lot of wood, we can cut it down, and even if we don't, we can make up for it with magic that interferes with the natural world, so I don't think you need to worry about that."

"People?"

"I think I can do this on my own."

When the wizard announces that he will single-handedly build temporary housing for the eight thousand refugees that are needed, all of the vassals' faces begin to change.

The problems of royal vassals are solved by a single wizard.

I have three Lord Vampires to begin with. All of them have already reached the level of Archmage.

And to my right is Herriot, who can do magic that even they can't imagine.

Magic can be the answer to most problems.

It's just important that the number of people who benefit from the magic is extremely small.

And it's even rarer to have the benefit of an archmage who can do this.

They will know in less than a week that my rule can only be a blessing to the people of the archipelago.

"What are you surprised about?"

I laugh at my dumbfounded vassals.

"I am the devil."

We've started to rule them with fear, but we don't intentionally create fear.

Because there's really no reason to.

"No matter what you imagine, you'll see more than that."

In more ways than one.



* * *



I decided to do what I could.

Of course, there is no such thing as a grandiose goal of creating an ultra-fair, perfect state for its citizens.

I'm going to organize a country that runs the way I want it to run, a country where I can do what I want to do.

As a result, I may wish people peace and well-being, but it doesn't change the fact that I am a dictator.

I will conscript if necessary, I will take the property of the citizens, and I will make them move at my command if that is what it takes.

The first thing I did was capture the Edina Archipelago.

While the gate situation has been initially wrapped up, urgent action on the four hard-hit ports must be prioritized.

We'll also do the following steps at the same time

I chose the Edina Archipelago as my base because it's a place where I only need to take down four gates to be immune to the gate events on the continent.

Countless cities will be destroyed, people will be killed, and a great deal of land will be turned into an uninhabited landscape where monsters roam.

There are also many towns and cities without gates.

They suffer additional damage as the monsters in the gate proliferate.

It is difficult to defend such places. The monsters will continue to pour in, and my forces, while soon to be replenished, are limited.

So the next goal is to rescue people from the continent and relocate them to the Edina Archipelago.

You must rescue survivors from cities, towns, and monsters that could fall at any moment and relocate them to the Edina Archipelago, which is out of the gate's reach.

Warp gate systems are not available.

So you have to physically move people around.

Next, I convened the captains of the large fleet remaining in the Edina Archipelago.

The faces of the shipowners were understandably filled with horror as they realized that the throne of the Edina Archipelago belonged to the Devil.

"As Lord of the Edina Archipelago and King of the Demon Realm, I hereby commandeer all ships, captains, and crews, effective immediately."

If you think I'm just going to be a good lord, you're wrong.

I will take it away, if necessary.

"Speak up if you have any objections."

No ordinary king, but a horned demon.

Archdemon.

I'll take full advantage of the fear that comes with my name.

You will arbitrarily imagine that you will suffer something worse than death if you refuse my command.

That imagination, too, helps me dominate.

Naturally, everyone was horrified and no one objected.

"First, we will organize three fleets, each of which will pick up refugees from the three affected ports and bring them here to Rajaq."

The ship's owners are all white-faced because they're about to be eaten alive, but the vassals nod when I tell them I'm doing it to house the refugees.

"And then we organize the largest fleet we can find to head for the continent."

The vassals' expressions turned puzzled as I told them that I was heading to a continent that had already become a hellhole.

"Soon, my armies will cross the oceans and come here. The fleets will be tasked with periodically traveling back and forth between the continents, transporting the people of the continents and my armies at regular intervals."

Galarsh is currently traveling to his stronghold in the Gelkorgis Desert to rally the cultists.

You can't move them all with a mass teleport.

Therefore, I will organize a large fleet to relocate them to the Edina Archipelago and place them under my control.

An archipelago isn't going to be populated by people.

The good news is that there are many uninhabited islands in the Edina Archipelago.

There's a lot of land.

So it's just a matter of clearing and settling to make it habitable.

A place where you can avoid continental catastrophes and live without worrying about monsters.

The Edina Archipelago will provide refuge for people.

"In the long term, the uninhabited islands of the Edina Archipelago will also be expanded and colonized to make them habitable."

It may be possible to turn a small island nation to the south into a major power in a makeshift refugee camp.

However, it is hoped that this island region, far away from the continent, will provide people with a place to hide from danger.

I want it, and I'm going to make it happen.

That's not all.

Demons of the fringes.

They may not be directly affected by this gate, but they may be affected in the long run.

You will also need to work on subjugating them and integrating them into your faction.

And a port connecting the Edina Archipelago to the continent.

That port probably had a gate incident as well, so we should start taking action there as well.

Organize an army to rid the continent of the monsters that have overrun it, and base it at the continent's ports.

There was a lot of work to be done.

Too.

There were too many.



* * *



A city in ruins, in the middle of nowhere.

-Puuk

Atop a mountain of corpses, Ellen Artorius drew her sword.

In a mountain of tangled human and monster carcasses, Ellen slowly rose to her feet as the last of the creatures gasped for air.

Atop a mountain of corpses, Ellen looks around.

Amongst the charred buildings, the Imperials were just wrapping up the battle.

After descending the mountain of corpses, Ellen puts the ramen into the sheath of her sword and opens the collar of her cloak.

There was a mixture of awe and respect, admiration and fear in the eyes of the soldiers as they watched Ellen descend from below.

As a vanguard, he entered the ruined metropolis alone, slaughtered dangerous monsters, and fought alongside the main body.

In effect, she was single-handedly responsible for exterminating the city's monsters.

"Hey, are you okay, warrior......?"

"Yes."

With a cold, impassive demeanor that wouldn't hold a toothpick, Ellen nodded.

In the distance, someone came toward Ellen.

"Are you okay? Shouldn't you get some rest? You haven't slept in days."

It was Ellen's classmate, Heinrich von Schwarz. Ellen shook her head at her classmate's concern.

"...... is fine."

Heinrich, a Pyrokinetic, headed off somewhere, leaving a note to keep an eye out for him when he had time, as the battle was now over and he would be tasked with burning the corpses.

In a time when the Empire is one man short, Temple's combat-ready students are being dispatched across the continent to exterminate monsters.

Countless soldiers, knights, and students died.

For not believing in the Devil, humanity was paying a steep price.

Two years after Gate.

Yet, humanity has not reclaimed all the land.

Ellen's eyes were empty, as if she'd seen so much death that she'd grown accustomed to it, both monster and ally.

Then, on the edge of a burning city, Ellen saw a group of refugees carrying sacks being led by soldiers.

"Were the survivors....... were there?"

At Ellen's question, the soldiers shook their heads; there could be no survivors in the already ruined city for this long.

"They're not survivors, they're refugees. They found them on the outskirts of the city."

"ah......."

"They said it was saying weird things."

"......Strange?"

At Ellen's question, the soldier gave her an ambiguous look.

"Yeah, they say there's paradise if you go south....... So I was on my way south......."

Paradise.

Ellen looked around.

Burning streets, mountains of bodies.

Soldiers and knights who have grown so accustomed to the corpses that they no longer even gag at the sight of death strewn about.

Hell is temporal, and people have become familiar inhabitants of it.

Where in this hell is paradise?

You've just destroyed what might have been a paradise.

Where in the world can we find paradise and rest.

With so much despair in the world, people began to believe strange things. That there might be hope somewhere.

Ellen is the one responsible for this hell.

That's why I couldn't rest.

He doesn't believe in a paradise that doesn't exist; he believes his only job is to erase hell from the world, bit by bit.

With that thought, Ellen set off in search of her next mission.





