Episode 461.





Ellen can't stay on the ecliptic for long.

They are to be reintroduced to the field immediately after completing the bare minimum. This was partly due to the state of the Empire and partly due to Ellen's own will.

After a quick chat with Bertus, Ellen made her way to the Palace of Spring, as she always did.

No one was allowed anywhere near the Palace of Spring. Of course, Ellen was not bound by such things.

Arriving at Charlotte's bedroom in the Palace of Spring, Ellen sees exactly what Bertus had seen earlier.

Sitting on her bed, hugging her knees, she stares blankly out the window.

Charlotte de Gradias in devilish form.

Assimilated by the demon's spirit. The demon's spirit caused her to become this way, but it also caused Charlotte to stop eating grain, which weakened her but did not kill her.

"Charlotte."

"......."

At Ellen's urgent call, Charlotte slowly turned her head to stare in Ellen's direction.

Red eyes with a vertical slit in the pupil.

They were eyes that would send a chill down anyone's spine, but Ellen saw nothing but sadness and regret in them.

Looking at Ellen, Charlotte buried her face between her knees.

Ellen watched as tears, dried and unable to come out, soaked the camisole Charlotte was wearing.

We all know that regret leads to nothing, but we can't help but regret it.

If I had believed Reinhardt.

That one word has been responsible for many of the tragedies that have befallen mankind.

Reinhardt was gone, and humanity was doomed.

So every time they looked at each other, they could only reaffirm each other's sins.

Ellen can still do something. She can do something like save people.

But Charlotte can't even show herself to the crowds, so she can't do anything but stay locked up in the Palace of Spring.

Ellen slowly walked over to Charlotte and sat down on the bed.

Then, carefully, he picked up the tiny Charlotte.

"Soon, we'll be able to destroy all the warp gates on the continent."

"......."

"And if we slowly kill all the monsters on the continent, this whole situation will be over."

"......."

Saying what she can't even comfort herself, Ellen hopes that Charlotte can somehow ease her guilt.

"Then people who lost their homes will be able to find them again."

The dead can't come back.

"Everyone will find their own place and....... and live like we used to."

Nothing can bring back a lost home.

"It's going to take a long time, but little by little....... and everything will be back to normal, back to the way it was."

Once a relationship is broken, it can never be repaired.

"So let's hang in there. A little more....... A little more......."

As she spoke, Ellen bit her lip fiercely as she remembered the many things her words were ignoring.

I could taste the fishy taste of blood through my torn lips.

"......."

"......."

"We are......."

Ellen's voice is finally, finally shaky.

"Can I be forgiven......?"

To Reinhardt.

To the world.

I want to be forgiven, but I know I can't.

Charlotte cried.

Ellen couldn't even cry.



* * *



The more Ellen looked at Charlotte, the more she felt miserable.

Ellen and Charlotte weren't always on the best of terms, but now that things have come to this, they've become more than just guardian knight and lord, they've become an odd pair of shared guilt.

It was a relationship bound by grief and guilt.

They were projecting the same emotions onto each other.

That's why Ellen can't turn her back on Charlotte. Even though she knew she couldn't make Charlotte better, and even though she knew she wouldn't get any answers, Ellen sought out the Palace of Spring when she returned to the ecliptic after a devastating day of battle.

That things are getting better.

I've always said that.

Technically, I'm not lying.

Moving from worst to best can only be described as things getting better.

I mentioned that I saved a few people today.

That wasn't a lie either.

They just didn't say how many people died.

He also said he drove the monsters out of the ruined city.

He's not lying either.

I didn't say there wasn't a single person alive in the ruins.

I have not told a lie, but I have not told a miserable truth.

Even though I know Charlotte can read between the lines.

With that, Ellen left the Palace of Spring and the Imperial Palace, leaving Charlotte behind, unchanged.

From the hill at the entrance to the palace, Ellen could see the temple beyond Irine the Great.

The temple had already been repaired after the meteor's destruction.

The cradle of talent, home to some of the world's best minds, is now a military base that trains warriors.

With intercontinental connections cut off, Temple was now conscripting and training any evacuees who showed the slightest flair for combat.

Instead of screening people and charging expensive tuition, the Temple now equips those who want to fight with weapons, teaches them to fight, and then sends them into the field.

Even if they do have moonshine, most of them are sent into battle as soldiers, unaware of their enchantments, and die countless deaths.

While a select group of Temple's existing students were fighting, the new recruits were mostly vengeful ruffians.

The Empire's current state of affairs necessitated even such fools.

As many people as she saved, Ellen knew that there were countless others who volunteered to fight and died like daylight because they admired the warrior who saved them.

The Temple, once a cradle of talent, was now breeding moths.

Royal class, none of Ellen's classmates have died, thankfully.

I feel terrible that I have to characterize that as a good thing.

And having to use the word "yet" felt eerie to Ellen.

The time is night.

I had a bit of time to kill before I had to head out on my next mission.

Afraid that people would recognize her, Ellen wore a hood.

Ellen was no longer tired of fame, she was afraid of it.

As Ellen walked through the streets of the ecliptic, she felt a stirring behind her.

A lot of people, but someone looking at you.

Such a pretense.

When I turned my head, there was no one there.

"......?"

Something was clearly looking at him.

Ellen walked down the street again, feeling strange.



* * *



I didn't wait around thinking I'd see Ellen.

I knew that as busy as I was, he was going to have his hands full.

However, as soon as I arrived in Huangdao, I heard people in the streets talking about the return of the warrior.

Ellen is on the ecliptic.

Just in case, I stood idly by the entrance to the palace.

I waited quite a while.

So I could see it.

I could see his face, even though he was hooded.

I looked at Ellen, who looked even more aloof and cold than before, and there was an indelible look of fatigue on her face.

Maybe I should have said something.

If I talked to him, I could have had a normal conversation with him.

But it's been a long time coming.

I don't know what Ellen is thinking.

Ellen was instrumental in getting me out, but now I don't know what she's thinking.

You may hate me, and you may be feeling sorry for me.

It's not the time to say how are you, but I thought we could talk about something.

I wanted to grab him and talk to him.

But this is not the Ellen I knew, the Ellen I met as a student in the Temple Royal class.

Ellen Artorius.

The hope of mankind and the arch-enemy of the devil.

Just as Ellen is no longer a Royal Class student, I am no longer the Reinhardt who was a Royal Class student.

It's just a dichotomy between hero and devil.

We shouldn't meet.

You can't and shouldn't talk about it.

I don't know when my impending doom is going to be right under my nose, but if we talk about it, we're only going to make each other suffer more.

So I was content to watch from a distance.

No.

I wasn't satisfied.

I haven't seen it in two years.

There's no way I could ever be satisfied with that.

I wanted to see more.

But I couldn't, so I'm not sure they're getting along, but I know they're getting along somehow, and that's that.

I walked the ecliptic.

I could see nothing but pain in the faces of the dead, exhausted, and distressed.

The gate also happened in the ecliptic, so even if you're a resident of the ecliptic, you haven't lost anything.

Most of us have lost a parent, a sibling, a child, a family member.

In desperation, there were those who were going somewhere because they had to.

In the midst of all the despair, there were definitely some hopeful faces.

-The warrior is back!

-You must have killed a lot of monsters this time.

-Will you slay the devil someday?

I could see the hope in the faces of the people talking about Ellen.

Hatred and anger toward the devil.

Someone to take those negative feelings and turn them into hope.

Warriors.

In this zodiacal gradient of depression, anger, and hatred, Ellen was the one thing that gave people at least some hope.

Fear and hatred were producing stories and rumors, as they always do.

-The king is returning to Darklands to gather the monsters of the Gate.......

-The monsters that roam the continent are not even a hair's breadth from the Devil himself.......

-No matter how brave you are.......

There seemed to be a consensus among the crowds in the Zodiac that I was not only in command of the monsters of the Gate, but that I had led them to complete the rebuilding.

Darklands?

I've never been there since I made the rounds to absorb the demonic forces of change.

-You have two holy relics, but so does the devil.......

-If you had been tempted by the devil in the temple....... I dread to think of it.

-That's why you revealed the Demon's identity so long ago. You know everything. He's not one to fall for a demon's tricks.

It was said that I had infiltrated the Temple to recruit the warrior Ellen Artorius.

What is a crowd.

They snack on their own imagined words, and before you know it, they start to believe them.

We don't even know who started spreading fake truths because the source has disappeared.

I was the ruler of a rebuilt Darklands, the most powerful in history.

It imagines at will, fears at will, and hates at will.

There is no such country.

There is a country in the Edina Archipelago, far south at sea, beyond your sight, and it is inhabited by men and demons, not the monsters of the Gate.

The more I think about it, the harder it is to believe.

A demon lives among the humans.

If I were one of them and not the devil, I'd be screaming at the person peddling that nonsense.

The idea that I could control and manipulate the monsters in the gate was a common one, among other bullshit.

He seemed to imagine that since he had caused this, he could control the monsters in the gate.

Why can't I just imagine that it's possible, and that if I truly hated humanity, I would have invaded the ecliptic long ago and wiped it out.

The truth is always irrelevant, because if someone makes an opinion like that, there will be another rumor to counter it.

And it wasn't just me that the rumors were aimed at.

-I wonder if the Emperor is actually being manipulated by the Empress?

-Yes, otherwise there's no reason to leave her alone.

-Even if she's important, it's suspicious that they don't keep releasing a demon-cursed maiden.

-If she's alive and well, she should show up, but she never does.

It's even suggested that the Empire's refusal to execute Charlotte isn't actually because the Emperor is being manipulated by the Empress.

-Ah, well, at least you're here, and if it was really like that, you wouldn't have done it.......

-That's true, but.......

In the end, Ellen was the brake on this one.

People believe in the omnipotence and omniscience of the devil, but they also believe in the omnipotence and omniscience of Ellen as their adversary.

If the Empress was indeed corrupted, why would her guardian, Ellen, stand idly by?

So the story and the mood of the execution of the Empress seemed to be in a delicate balance, not reaching any extremes.

-The Empress is one thing, but the three enemies are another.......

-Those chewing bitches are.......

Liana De Granz.

Olivia Ranze.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

Three students who sided with me and ran away from Temple together.

In the world of men, they were known as the Three Enemies, traitors to humanity.

Perhaps, because they were human, they were more hateful than I was.



* * *



Refugee camps are located in the Edina Archipelago and also in the ecliptic.

The Edina Archipelago, however, had no monsters to worry about, allowing it to expand indiscriminately across all of its territory.

The ecliptic makes that impossible.

You can't increase your living space, and if you do, you can't defend it. You never know when the continent's roaming monsters will attack.

So the Empire doesn't do anything about the expansion of the refugee camps, but the people keep coming.

As we pulled into the vast refugee camp of crudely constructed shacks, I couldn't help but feel a strange sense of welcome. I couldn't help but feel an uncanny sense of welcome.

When I first arrived in the ecliptic, I walked into Eleris' shop, and a few days later I saw a group of beggars under the bridges of the Bronze Gate.

Beggars living in haphazardly constructed shacks, reeking of alcohol.

Rotary Club.

The landscapes of the past, where those people, now dead and gone, had lived, stretched to the horizon.

A vast land of beggars that opens up just beyond the borders of the Zodiac City.

Such was the reality of the great and glorious capital of the Gradias Empire, Gradium.

The hastily constructed shacks were not soundproofed, windproofed, or built to code, so the people lying in them were visible.

It smelled like filth, like something was rotting, and flies and other insects were hitting me in the face.

The conditions in Edina's refugee camps aren't great either, but they're nowhere near as dire.

I smelled smoke from a fire somewhere, so I walked over to see if there was a soup kitchen or something, but there wasn't.

It was the smoke of burning bodies.

There's a plague going on, but it can't be that bad because we have priests to deal with it.

They simply starved to death.

Children in wiry rows ran around near the smoke of burning corpses.

Even in this situation, the contrast between the smiling children and the misery of the people burning the bodies next to them was striking.

It's more like hell.

It was like looking at the landscape of a life that had been forced to adapt to hell.

I decided not to think about that.

If only it were me.

If only I wasn't there.

I couldn't help the reflexive thought that came over me.

"......."

The ecliptic gradient was hell.





