Episode 464.





Just as empires defended their territories, including their defensible ecliptic, powerful imperial powers sometimes had cities that they could defend, including their capitals and megacities.

While many empires fell, there were still cities that survived and nations that defended their capitals.

The Principality of Saint-Thuan was one of the few countries to succeed in defending its capital.

This meant that the Duchy of Saint-Ouen failed to defend all of its territory except the capital.

A magical land.

Outside of the Empire, the Duchy of Saint-Ouen was the most adept at magic and had produced many of the best mages, and the capital remained intact after the Gate.

Arnaka, capital of the Duchy of Saint Thuan.

Arnaka was not a city that was sprawled out like the imperial capital of Gradium, where the entire city had been displaced by refugees.

Herriot and I teleported to an alleyway in Arnaka, then out into the street.

We could see the once glorious city of Madoh had been fortified.

I saw that the unwalled city was surrounded by thick walls, each with tall spires at regular intervals.

But the spire was not topped with a watchtower for reconnaissance, and atop it was a giant blue crystal floating in the air.

"Turret....... Sounds similar."

"Yeah, I think so."

Maybe a turret to intercept monsters as they approach the city.

That's what Harriet and I could only deduce.

I was disguised with the Ring of Sarkegar, and Herriot had also used camouflage magic to change his appearance and was wearing robes, so people on the street didn't recognize him.

States that only succeeded in defending their capitals were forced to become city-states.

Arnaka's situation was no different.

The refugees didn't flock here, because most of them were in the Imperial capital.

A city that hasn't expanded, but whose capital is still standing.

I don't know what the food situation is like, but I couldn't read the hunger on people's faces.

But it wasn't all happiness and hope, either.

It would be nice if the Empire could have a system like this, just like the Arnakas have turrets, but the scope of the Empire's defense is hundreds of times greater than the Arnakas'.

It would have taken most of Arnaka's remaining resources to construct a defense system with such massive turrets. There was a reason the Empire hadn't used them.

Herriot stays still, watching the streets and people of Arnaka.

There was an undeniable guilt and sadness in his expression.

I couldn't help but think of the countless cities and people who were safe, but not the capital.

The white palace of Arnaria, carved out of a mountain, was also intact.

The landscape of Arnaka hasn't changed much, except for the walls and turrets that surround the outskirts of the city.

The only thing that has changed is the depression and despair you can see in the faces of the people on the streets.

No one was talking about it.

Arnaka had become a deserted city with an unearthly air of desolation.

Sometimes, he said, he watched children play from the tall spires of Arnaria.

But I couldn't find them, even after washing my eyes and looking for them.

Herriot had nothing to do with what happened at Gate.

But he walked with me with a guilty look on his face, as if everything was his responsibility.

Herriot's longed-for hometown had become a city of silence.

-pot!

We saw a flash of light in the distance, in the center of the city.

The place where the warp gate is believed to have once been.

In what was presumably now a warp spot, there was a flash of light and a group of them appeared.

Herriot's eyes widened.

"Ah....... Dad......."

Archduke Saint-Antoine and his band of mages appeared through the warp spot.

When the Archduke and his band of mages arrived at the warp spot, the people in the area didn't just turn their heads at the sight of the Archduke, they scurried away.

As if you've seen something unholy.

As he was accustomed to in such situations, the Archduke merely led the mages in the direction of the White Palace.

We saw citizens fleeing from the sight of the Archduke and his band of mages, people shutting their windows as soon as they saw him.

No one was openly cursing.

However, the vibe that everyone perceived the Archduke as something to be avoided was readily apparent.

The stillness and silence of Arnaka.

I couldn't help but wonder why.

A princess on the side of the devil.

For now, Arnaka is safe, but he knows that once this is over, the Duchy of St. Thuan will face imperial retribution.

He knows the future of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, the Duchy of Saint-Thuan, and Arnaka.

Still, she can't leave Arnaka because it's not safe outside.

Therefore, when he sees the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine, he turns away as if he were facing the image of death.

Knowing that turning away from the Archduke would not escape the dark fate that befell the Duchy of St. Thuan. As if turning his back on the Grand Duke could in and of itself absolve him later.

"Dad......."

Herriot squeezed his eyes shut as he looked at his father, the king who was being shunned.

Tears were silently falling from his closed eyes.



* * *



I wasn't expecting glory from Arnaka.

Technically, Arnaka was in a much better situation than the other cities.

Turrets guard the city, and the overcrowding hasn't pushed the city's ability to support itself past a critical mass.

But everyone knew that the princess would pay for her sins.

Hence the gloom that pervaded the city.

Herriot and I were at the White Palace, with Arnaria visible in the distance.

A city where people aren't crazy with hate and anger, but where you can read nothing but despair and depression on everyone's face.

That was Arnaka's current state.

"If you want to go see it, do it."

"......."

The guards that protect Arnaria are not human.

They are all magically created golems.

So if Herriot wants to meet the Archduke, he can.

Herriot knows the whole story.

I realize that the gate didn't happen because of my will.

But the reality is that your choices may cost everyone in Arnaka.

"Do I....... deserve......?"

So Herriot couldn't help but feel guilty.

If I tell people that I didn't cause the gate to happen, they won't believe me.

So if humanity's retribution comes to Arnaka, Herriot can only blame himself.

The country and its citizens should be held accountable for the princess who betrayed humanity, not the princess.

In that position, Harriet can't help but think that she doesn't deserve to see her father.

From the father's mouth, you might hear a reprimand for a daughter who made a stupid choice.

He may think that his father will grab him and not let go.

You may think you're going to hear all kinds of hateful and angry words from your family.

"You know that just because I call you a dick, doesn't mean I think you're stupid."

"......."

"The Archduke Saint-Thuan I saw was a man who should be called a daughter fool."

In fact, my first impression of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan was that he was an idiot.

"Just like you're not an idiot, your father isn't really an idiot."

I put my hand to Harriet's face under her robe.

"As wise as you are, your father, the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, must be a wise man."

"......."

"I'm sure you've tried to understand why you had to do it, and I'm sure you've gotten some answers."

Just as Herriot is wise, I suspect the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan is a wise man.

Herriot de Saint-Etienne wasn't born for nothing.

"After all, a parent can only trust their child so much."

Just as it's common for parents to hate their children, it's also common for parents to have no choice but to trust their children at certain crucial moments in their lives.

You'd think that some decisive choice by the child would be inevitable.

The Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan would not be a fool.

"So, go ahead."

That's why I don't think Archduke Saint-Antoine will grab Herriot and let him go.

Harriet stares at the hand I put to her cheek.

"Yeah....... I'll go check it out."

What courage my words have given you.

"And I'll be back."

I've come this far, and I can't leave the city only to see despair.

You're faced with a huge responsibility.

I guess I can take the joy and sadness of the reunion with me.



* * *



The Grand Duchess who disappeared with the Demon has returned.

But there was no uproar.

Arnaria's security system was controlled by the Grand Duchy, and very few people used Arnaria.

What was reported by the golem was not known to the vassals, and only members of the Grand Duchess's family were aware of the visit of the missing Grand Duchess.

Quietly entering the palace, the Grand Duchess was able to face her family for the first time in a very long time.

The returning Grand Duchess could only be a sinner.

Contrary to Herriot's fears, the three older siblings, including the Grand Duchess de Saint-Antoine, said nothing and did not criticize the youngest for bringing so much pressure on the family.

It was just a tearful reunion.

Despite the lengthy conversation, neither Herriot nor any other member of the Grand Duchy would say a word about the demon.

They didn't ask where I was or how I was doing.

As if just being okay is enough in itself.

Mother and three older brothers.

It's not enough, but when he's done talking, Herriot enters the Archduke's study for the last time.

There, with an indelible look of weariness on his face, was the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

The way the Archduke looked at her, always stern but always gentle, sometimes trying to control her by force, was very different from the way he used to look at her.

"Sit down."

Her words were far too casual for a reunion after so many years, and she sat back in her chair, her expression stony.

The important stories always came from my father's mouth.

Getting yelled at for doing something wrong.

Or to go to the temple.

Or to quit temple.

It all came out of the Archduke's mouth.

There was never a word of reproach or criticism from the family, because everyone knew that was the role of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

Her mother and brothers never talked to her about it, because everyone knows that's the role of the head of the household.

For Herriot, his father was a nuisance.

Make yourself pretty to the point of annoyance.

Worried to the point of annoyance.

I hated myself enough to be annoying.

But now, having made a choice that could lead to her family's destruction, Harriet has come to face her father, the patriarch, as a sinner.

An ugly daughter, determined to destroy the long-standing Saint-Thuan family.

Encouraged by Reinhard's words, I returned to Arnaria.

My family, who I hadn't seen in a long time, were happy to hear that I was safe.

But now, Herriot felt like he was on trial.

I felt like I was being told in detail what my sins were and that I would have to pay for them.

So now.

Herriot de Saint-Etienne, for the first time in his life.

I was afraid of my father's stern expression.

I'm glad to be alive.

Welcome back.

I was afraid of my father, who would tell me to sit down in a chair, as if I were standing in a court of law, without telling me any of that.

Herriot sits across from the Archduke, his face set and his eyes desperate.

I felt like I was going to burst into tears.

His father was always hugging him and bothering him.

But why don't you hug me in this situation?

I'm sorry.

I know I'm in the wrong, but I know I'm in the wrong big time.

I'm not going to bother you anymore, so why don't you just give me a hug.

That's what I wanted to say, but I couldn't get the words out.

"You've come full circle?"

At the Archduke's question, Herriot shook his head.

I have to leave soon. And as much as I wanted to come back, I couldn't.

The Archduke nodded, understanding.

"Do you know what you have chosen?"

"......."

The Archduke stares at Herriot in silence.

"If this does not end, humanity will perish, and the House of Saint-Thuan and the Duchy will be finished."

"If this is finalized, the wrath of the Empire will be directed at our family, and it will be the end of the House of Saint-Thuan and the Duchy."

"Daughter."

"Let me ask you a question."

"Was it the kind of choice that you wouldn't regret if it happened."

The deaths of countless people.

The end of the family name.

Is it a choice you won't regret if it happens?

At Gaju's question, the youngest stares into his father's eyes.

It wasn't a scolding and reprimand.

Where you've been and what you've been doing.

Why on earth did you make that choice.

That wasn't the question.

As a member of a family, as a person.

The question was, will you regret the decision you made?

Herriot thinks back two years.

I trusted Reinhardt, so it was a decision and a choice. I didn't even know what was going on at the time of the Gate incident.

But now, she knows the whole truth.

Why Gate happened, what Akasha is, and what people's misconceptions are.

What the devil is really like.

I know it all now.

But, regret.

He asked about regrets.

If your decisions destroyed your hometown and killed all your family.

Herriot gritted his teeth and narrowed his eyes.

"I regret....... I think I'll do......."

"......."

You won't regret it.

A tear slips from Herriot's closed eye.

"Still....... Still....... Dad....... Me....... You know......."

"What if....... If I could go back to that day two years ago and say....... Even if I knew it would happen....... Even if I knew everything would end up like this....... Even if I knew....... Even if I knew......."

"I....... the same....... I think I'll do......."

You'll regret it.

If the Duchy of St. Thuan falls, and everyone in your family dies.

I think we should help Reinhardt.

You'll regret it, but you'll make this choice again and again.

Clearly, I wasn't accomplishing anything.

Not just to help Reinhardt, but because he could have saved a lot of people.

I know now that I didn't make the wrong choice.

It's not that I don't regret it, it's that I would do it all over again even though I know I would regret it.

Hearing this, the Archduke looked at his weeping daughter and nodded.

"Daughter, you are the most gifted child in the long history of the Saint-Thuan family."

"......."

"Therefore, you must be the wisest descendant in the history of your family."

The Archduke rose from his seat, walked to his sobbing daughter's side, and laid his hand on her head as she stilled her sobs.

"So your decision is right. This father believes."

"Ugh....... black......."

"Now let's hold you, my little girl."

And then she was in the arms of the father she hated so much.





