Episode 470.





Southern Ecliptic Gradient, entrance to Krinto Forest.

Everyone, including me, was gathered at the pre-arranged rally point.

-Woof

"Are you okay?"

"Not great, but whatever. It's about as good as it gets......."

Harriet asked carefully, wiping the blood from the corner of my mouth.

"Still, getting your heart pierced twice in one day can't be good for you."

It hurt to look back.

The first time I was impaled by a window was unexpected, but the second time I was pierced through the heart by lement was intentional.

I swear.

It's scarier and more painful to know and be stabbed.

Though he is now healed by Tiamata's divine power, the memory of the pain is not easily forgotten.

Among other things.

The look of shock on Ellen's face as she stabbed me stuck in my mind.

It must be traumatizing.

Not only did it sting me, but I couldn't help but feel bad for Ellen, knowing that today's experience was going to make her feel like hell.

I had an idea that Ellen might be there, but I didn't expect the crowd to push her around and force her to fight.

Herriot disarmed the spatial travel shield and pulled me out just in time for the signal.

The leader of the Black Order is dead, and the remnants have retreated.

I'm not sure what they're going to try to do to me again.

The area around the Ecliptic was periodically cleared of monsters by the Templars, so the monsters of the Gate were not nearby. Of course, even that was not foolproof, and monsters would occasionally appear in the Ecliptic Refuge.

For now, there were no monsters in sight near this forest.

Despite a number of unexpected events, I was able to accomplish my goal in the end.

We succeeded in rescuing Sarkegar, Lucinil, and Charlotte.

I had to be unintentionally harsh on Ellen.

It was inevitable.

I think so.

I let Charlotte sleep at first.

But for now, it was up.

Charlotte was frozen, not knowing what had happened to her.

Charlotte has black hair and red eyes.

I wonder if I'll never be able to get back to my original state.

"Degraded......."

Sarkegar looks at me, his voice trembling.

"I'm sorry. I left it too late. Me too. I had so many things to do....... No, never mind. I'm sorry. I was too late."

"No, Zhai, just seeing you like this, unharmed, is enough to make me....... God is....... God is......."

I held Sarkegar still as he sobbed in agony.

Dreadfind's true colors make him look a little scary, but whatever.

I am grateful that Sarkegar is safe.

After that hug, I held Lucinil still as well.

"Sorry, my lord. I'm late......."

Lucinil smirked and pulled me to face him.

"No, not really. Because of your warning, me and this gentleman got along pretty well. We were treated like royalty. Even at the execution today, we were told what to expect."

Lucinil hugged my neck and patted me on the back.

Finally, I stood in front of a frozen Charlotte.

"Uh......."

Where to start.

Just as Charlotte was frozen, I was at a loss for words.

"I just thought I'd do this for now......."

"......."

In front of Charlotte, who had no idea what was going on, I finally sighed.

"You're supposed to come with me from now on....... Um....... First of all, I'm sorry about everything."

Charlotte's lips quivered as she watched me apologize.

"I don't know if you'll still hate me, but....... I couldn't leave you alone."

We don't know what Charlotte is thinking.

But I definitely told a lot of lies, and I definitely deceived Charlotte.

Even Charlotte's mother, her nemesis, Sarkeghar, is standing next to her now.

You may never forgive me.

I don't know what Charlotte did wrong to me. But Charlotte looked at me and gaped.

-Hair

Then, as if broken, Charlotte suddenly fell to her knees.

Then, he bowed his head.

Kneeling in front of me, clutching my head in a way that would drive it into the ground.

"ugh....... ugh....... ugh....... ugh. Ew! Ew!"

Charlotte cried, screaming.

"No, no, why are you crying....... Why......."

I wonder if he was sorry for me.

Like I feel sorry for everyone.

Maybe Charlotte had been feeling guilty about me all along.

Me, Ellen, and Charlotte.

We asked why.

I wonder if we're just making each other feel guilty.

Why do we get stuck in the mindset that everything is our fault?

"Ew! Black! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew...... Ew......."

Sorry and guilt.

Charlotte lets out a guttural, animalistic cry because of it.

"ugh, ugh....... Ugh....... Sorry...... ah. Me, sorry. Sorry....... I'm sorry....... Okay, well....... Wrong....... I'm sorry......."

I knelt down in front of Charlotte, who was crying with her head in her hands.

"Me too, I've done a lot wrong."

"Oh, no, no, no, I, I....... I didn't believe you! I, it's all because of me....... All, all, all because of me....... Because of me......."

As Charlotte cried for a long time, like a small animal, I could only watch and pat her on the back.



* * *



Rusinil, Sarkegar, and Charlotte.

I succeeded in getting them all back to the Edina Archipelago.

Rusinil and Sarkegar were not persecuted or tortured for their warnings.

Nothing happened.

The Black Order attacked me, I killed their leader, and I even had to fight Ellen, who was there.

A number of civilian casualties have occurred.

But in the end, I succeeded in getting the three I was aiming for safely.

Charlotte wasn't hating me, she was feeling guilty.

Who was responsible for all of this?

I feel like it was inevitable that the gate incident would happen because of the intertwining of our feelings and my lies.

Everyone seemed to think it was their responsibility.

Royalty of Razak.

I felt the need to be alone with Charlotte for a while.

By all appearances, Charlotte was overly emaciated and not in good shape.

Charlotte, who had stopped crying in fits, hung her head low.

Even making eye contact with me seemed to make him feel guilty.

"It's all in the past."

"......."

"Let's just end it with each other doing the other wrong, all of it."

"......."

But those words couldn't erase the guilt Charlotte felt for me.

"I'm....... You can't do that. I....... You don't deserve this help....... Not even a little....... I don't deserve this....... Don't help me....... I betrayed you. I didn't trust you, I didn't believe you....... I didn't try to understand......."

Just like you'd rather be killed by a monster on the street or in the wilderness.

"People died because of me....... All of them....... It's because of me......."

Charlotte's guilt had gone beyond self-pity to self-blame.

I grabbed Charlotte by both cheeks, forcing her to look me in the eye as she hung her head and repeated her self-deprecating words.

The evil-eyed Charlotte, unable to meet my gaze, lowered her eyes, and then closed them altogether.

"Remember what I told you once upon a time?"

"......."

"If you do this, who am I?"

If you have the soul of a demon in your body, you might as well be dead.

When I said that, I turned to Charlotte and said, with a hint of regret.

How would I feel if you didn't value your life and kept repeating these self-deprecating thoughts?

"If you do this, then what have I done, risking my life to get you out of the Demon Castle, killing my father's soul and allowing you to keep your own self? I had to fight the Black Order and Ellen to bring you here, and if you say....... I, who brought you this far....... become."

"......."

At that, Charlotte struggles to open her eyes and looks at me.

His eyes filled with tears.

The tears, including those of guilt, were painful to watch.

"Live for me. If you're sorry, work for me as much as you're sorry."

"......?"

"Yeah, well, to be honest, I brought you here more to save your life than to....... Uh......."

I'd rather do it this way.

I feel like I can't allow myself to be with him because of the guilt and the sense of guilt.

You don't seem to be able to tolerate being in such a cozy environment.

"I brought him here to work."

Like Elise destroying the warp gate to relieve her guilt and guilt feelings. Just like she puts thinking about guilt and guiltiness on the back burner while she desperately tries to do something.

Let's make Charlotte feel like she has to do something, that she can do something.

And I actually brought her here because I needed her.

"You have a lot of work to do."

"What did I......?"

"Anyway, if you feel sorry for me, if you feel guilty for people, work. Work to pay me back."

I'll take the debt.

You've saved my life three times, and now you're going to settle the debt.

If those words can give Charlotte a little more willpower now, I'd rather they did.

"I look like....... I look like this....... How can I....... can I do anything......."

Despite the situation, I found it a bit amusing to see what he could do in the form of the devil.

"No, it's great."

I run a hand through Charlotte's graying hair.

I probably shouldn't say this.

"That's a better visual than me."

"......?"

Honestly, Charlotte looks more like a demon than I do.

No writer would ever ask a devil surrogate looking like this to cover up for breaking a plate or cup.

I squeezed Charlotte's cheeks roughly when I told her that I hadn't saved her, but brought her to work.

"......!"

"So from now on, eat better, take care of yourself. Exercise. Okay?"

"......."

"I have to if I want to do my job properly. Don't you think?"

Charlotte looks up at me, her cheeks pinched.

"Answer me quickly."

When I release my hand on her cheek, Charlotte hangs her head in a daze.

"......Yes."

Charlotte cried again because she knew why I was saying this.

I told him I'd get mad if he kept crying, and he was holding his breath and grunting to keep from crying, and then I thought he'd pass out.

I couldn't help but pat him on the back.



