Episode 472.





Like a projection of the universe at night, the laments have absolute cutting power.

That won't change if I become a master class in using Auror armor.

Relics can defend against it, but that's about it.

Part of the problem is that Ramen is too good at attacking, but that's not the real issue.

The biggest problem is that my sword came from Ellen.

I learned swordsmanship at the Temple, and later with Savior Tana, but my roots are with Ellen.

I learned everything from her, from swordsmanship to hand-to-hand combat and submission.

I learned the sword from Ellen, whose five voices are incomparable to mine, so she is my overwhelmingly superior compatibility in terms of swordsmanship.

Swords have clashed and clashed for an immeasurable amount of time.

So Ellen knows all about how I understand and use my swordsmanship, what my habits are, and which sword I usually use.

So technically, Ellen knows me better than I know myself.

So, in today's skit, Ellen read all of my swords, which is probably why we didn't hurt each other too badly in staging such an extreme battle.

Of course, at the end, I stabbed myself in the back and made a near-suicidal move, but of course that's not something she could have anticipated.

Because.

Aside from the fact that my fight with Ellen today left me feeling personally devastated, it also confirmed what I've suspected for some time.

I am still weaker than Ellen.

Even without the absolute offense of lambent, I'm not going to beat Ellen.

Ellen specializes in swordplay that assumes an opponent stronger than her. So even if you're physically stronger than her, a sword that's reached Master Class and only requires you to slash and press with force won't work against her.

The demon was weaker than the warrior, so he fled.

You've created a situation that leads people to believe that.

But in reality, it's not that different. Even without the two holy relics, Ellen can still beat me.

But when Ellen, with her laments and lapels, really tries to kill me, I really die.

Ellen knows me too well.

As the saying goes, I, the apprentice, may be able to surpass Ellen, the teacher, but only in that world.

My master's voice leaps over me.

There's no way I, a lesser student, could ever surpass Ellen.

He's been watching my every move.

So I can't beat Ellen.

"......."

I look at the darkness of the streets and the torches that are chasing it away.

Someday.

There may come a moment when Ellen and I have to have a real fight.

My defeat is almost certain.

I don't know how or under what circumstances the two of us would try to kill each other.

If it comes to a situation where Ellen is genuinely trying to kill me, I will lose and it will be a death sentence.

I don't want to kill Ellen.

I don't even want to die.

If yes.

I must be the one who can win against Ellen.

You also don't want to use Alsbringer in the fight to break the last gate.

I don't want to use Alsbringer to sacrifice my life.

I also don't want to die in a fight with Ellen that might happen someday.

To do that, you need to be stronger.

How to do it.

We need to figure out how to do that.



* * *



Ellen sat dazedly on her bed in Temple's dorm room.

'Take a few days off, I've got work today and....... There's nothing pressing right now.'

Despite Bertus' unspoken instructions, Ellen was not in a position to do anything right now.

A demon appeared in the ecliptic and was attacked and defeated by a group believed to be the secretive Black Order, which Ellen defeated.

As always, stories will beget stories, and rumors will beget rumors.

The story of the warrior's initial hesitation will fade away, and the story of the great warrior's rescue of the people from the devil's attack will spread.

For Ellen, that was probably a good thing.

Ellen realized some truths today.

There's only one truth that hurts the most.

The truth that there is no such thing as a forever Reinhardt.

It's not about forgiveness.

Just as Reinhard has a job to do, Ellen has a job to do.

Out of necessity, not emotion, Ellen must live as the Devil's enemy.

She realized that there was no way this relationship could ever be repaired.

Most of all, that cold stare.

Reinhardt doesn't hesitate to attack him.

The cold eyes and expression, devoid of any emotion, filled Ellen with sadness, despair, and fear.

Unlike herself, who was trembling with uncontrollable emotions, Reinhardt's stoic expression and hesitant behavior frightened her.

I don't deny that it was something that needed to be done.

I fully understand that Reinhardt should have done so.

But.

It hurt too much.

Ruthless violence in his hands, unafraid to hurt himself, as much as the pain in his body.

He was even ruthless in the violence he inflicted on himself.

After hesitantly choosing to stab him through the heart, he feigned defeat and fled.

Just as he wasn't afraid of hurting Ellen, he wasn't afraid of hurting himself.

Ellen looks at her right hand.

I can't count the number of times I've slashed something.

Today, however, the eerie sensation was enough to send Ellen into a panic.

Too easy.

The sensation of the ramen that had so simply pierced Reinhardt's heart struck terror into Ellen.

I almost killed Reinhardt.

The creepy sensation caused Ellen's right hand to shake violently, as if she were suffering from hydrocephalus.

Even if Reinhardt had intentionally allowed the attack, it would have killed him.

Ellen buried her face between her knees and shuddered silently.

"ugh....... ugh......."

Will this happen in the future?

Like today when I was forced to fight Reinhardt because I was pushed around by people.

I wonder if one day I'll really have to fight so hard, so much so that I'll have to risk my life to kill Reinhardt, just because people want me to.

Ellen wasn't ready or willing to make that commitment.

I'm afraid of dying at Reinhardt's hands.

Killing Reinhardt was even worse.

But today, even though she didn't want to fight, Ellen was pushed by the people and forced to stand before the demon.

And Reinhardt urged Ellen to fight back.

Reinhardt seemed to have already accepted that fate.

Reinhardt became stronger.

If nothing else.

That cold look.

In that cold look, Ellen realized.

Reinhardt's mind had become too strong.

Ellen is so sad about that.

I was afraid.

Someday.

Early in the gate crisis.

"Ellen.

"......Mom?

I once had a surprise visit from my mother.

The day I collapsed from exhaustion and thought I was going to die.

My mother, who came to visit, said.

"Should I go back home?

'Going back to......?

"If you want to forget about the world and go back home, let's do that.

My mother's words were hard to take.

Ellen doesn't know what her hometown is like or who her family and the people in her village really are.

"My daughter, there are only hard things ahead.

"It's going to be unbearably painful, and there's going to be nothing but sadness.

"It's going to bother you, it's going to make you sick, and it might even kill you.

"So.

'Think of it as your last chance. Our daughter.'

"If all this is too much to bear.

'It's hard now, but it's only going to get harder, harder, before it swallows you whole.'

"I can leave all the pain and sadness behind.

"Let what hasn't happened be what hasn't happened.

"Without having to know what hasn't happened yet.

"Then you'll be far away from all the sadness and pain, and you'll finally be able to forget and find peace.

"I can forget all responsibility, all guilt, all sorrow.

"So, do you want to go back home now, with your mom?

Ellen didn't know what her mother was talking about.

The sight of her mother saying those words was so foreign and mysterious that Ellen felt like she was seeing her mother for the first time, like some kind of absolute being.

If you want to walk away from all of this, go for it.

Ellen didn't tell her mother much.

Is she going to turn her back on this?

Why are you acting like you're the first person in the world to do this?

Who the hell are we.

Ellen didn't ask anything.

However, I shook my head.

"No, you can't.

'.......'

"I can't do that because it's my responsibility.

My mother's expression was still gentle.

"You're not supposed to do that.

"This all happened because of me, and I made it happen.

"You can't just throw people under the bus and forget about them, you know?

"I can't go, I can't do that, I can't do that.

"I think so.

"There are things I have to do, things I have to be responsible for.

"I don't know what to do, but there's someone I need to see again.

'I don't know what we're going to do when we meet again, but there's someone I need to see....... There's someone I need to see.'

"I'm sorry, Mom.

'I can't go.

I couldn't just turn a blind eye to all of this and walk away.

I have to get at least one more person.

I know it's impossible to fully pay for this responsibility, this punishment, but I can't end it all by running away, I thought.

My mother didn't say much.

"Yes.

Just like we did the other day.

Just like the time I threw the sun god's cloak over my shoulder.

I kissed Ellen lightly on the forehead, smiling as I did then.

'Hello, my dear daughter.

"Upon you, the moon and the sun.

With those same words, he disappeared into the moonlight.

There will be times when it hurts more than you can bear.

That's what my mother used to say.

And I was sensing that it was coming.

It was a vague idea, but it happened.

I could see it in his eyes, in his body, in his expression, that he and Reinhardt had become a kill-or-be-killed relationship.

I've always felt like I had to be responsible for something.

But if that responsibility means fighting for your life with Reinhardt, and accepting the fact that you're going to have to die and kill each other.

I couldn't accept dying, and I couldn't accept being killed.

I wonder if I should have run away.

I thought I shouldn't have to make that choice, but now it's getting closer and closer to being unacceptable.

Ellen was scared.

People, himself, and Reinhardt.

I was so scared.

Ellen stays still and watches the moonlight stream into the dorm.

The pale moonlight streaming in gave Ellen no answers.



* * *



The next day.

Everyone has to get used to it, me and the Senate.

That.......

Four Thousand Kings.

Airi, Riana, Harriet, and Olivia.

I gathered my core group of people for breakfast.

The Senate was missing Lucinil, and he was the last piece.

He also added Sarkegar to the Senate.

Sarkegar helped me when I had nothing, so to speak.

I also thought it would be fitting to be included in the Senate, which is technically a national honor.

The real king is the Four Heavenly Kings.

The public figures feel like the Senate.

It's practically a rebuilt Edina Archipelago version of Darklands, with all the real players.

Breakfast, of course, vampires don't eat.

The Senate, the Four Heavenly Kings, and the Devil.

The new guy there, and who will be another key player.

Charlotte.

Charlotte still couldn't hold her head up.

Everyone in this room is either my friend, or they're not, but they trusted me to get them here.

So, he felt like he couldn't even hold his head up in front of people who had done what he couldn't.

Charlotte was arguably the most demonic-looking human in the room.

Or, technically, a half-man-half-horse.

With the Archdemon's soul mixed in, Charlotte was neither fully human nor fully demon.

The darkness radiating from his body seems to have stopped now, but it's not just black, it's reddish eyes with jet-black hair that reflects no light at all.

It looked like the devil himself.

Still, there was something about the original Charlotte that gave her an uncanny charisma, an uncanny charm.

If only I could figure out what to do with that dead grass.

"Charlotte will inherit all of my powers as Demon Queen and will be responsible for all of Edina's internal affairs."

"......?"

It was Charlotte herself who was most taken aback by the comment.

I say, looking at Charlotte, who can't hide her embarrassment, her red eyes rolling back and forth.

"Ma, what did you think I was going to do by bringing the Imperial Empress all the way out here, besides be a king?"

"......."

You can't allow yourself to live a life of guilt forever.

The throat is grape juice and the place is full of things a wise ruler should do.

If you don't feel confident and your self-esteem is low, you have to force it up.

I have a lot of work to do.

It's not about playing politics, it's about actually doing the work that needs to be done to close the gate once and for all.

We don't have much time left.

We can't take care of Charlotte's mental health forever, so she has to get up on her own.

Too much thinking doesn't create anything more than too much thinking.

Only by being hit by something does a person move forward.

Usually, there's no time for heartbreak when reality catches up with you.

Just as I have been, so will Charlotte.



* * *



I can't do that, I don't deserve that, how can I do that.

I didn't give Charlotte any time for that. Once I'd delivered the most important facts, I went to breakfast.

Charlotte ate it, but when I glared at her, she forced it into her mouth.

I felt like I knew what to do with Charlotte, whose self-esteem had been destroyed.

I didn't try to comfort him, I just told him what to do and he did it.

If you ask him to eat, he hesitates, but if you ask him to eat, he eats.

If you had tried to convince her to take over the Edina Archipelago, Charlotte would have flatly refused, saying she didn't deserve it.

So, when I told him to just do what he said, he just nodded.

In two years, the once arrogant and domineering Empress has become someone who thinks that if I say something, she should do it.

If only it wasn't a guilt trip.

Charlotte, who should be used to commanding things, has become someone who is used to being commanded, even if only by me.

Charlotte wasn't immediately thrust into government service.

Charlotte seemed to already know that Sarkeghar was responsible for the kidnapping of the Queen and Empress. After all, Sarkegar and Lucinil had spent time in the palace.

But Charlotte didn't seem to be able to care about any of that, her guilt over me outweighing her fear and anger at Sarkeghar.

As if the guilt is so great that you don't even have the heart to hate your mother's enemies.

Add to that the fact that the Senate doesn't tend to intervene much in state affairs, and it's unlikely that Sarkeghar and Charlotte will ever come into contact.

Charlotte began to receive updates from Herriot, her scribe, on the state of the Edina Archipelago and what she needed to know.

Still, Harriet didn't seem to feel much for Charlotte.

Airi was a different story.

The demonic soul that entered Charlotte.

If she could feel it, Airi seemed to feel an odd sense of fear as she looked at Charlotte.

Charlotte is a demon proxy, but she's not really a proxy.

Charlotte is already a demon in her own right.

A man and a demon at the same time.

Part human, part demon, perhaps even more so than me, he was fit to be the ruler of this new Darklands.

It's clear that Charlotte also possesses some, if not all, of the demonic powers.

Of course, not everyone was happy about this situation.

"What's the point of being so powerless?"

Riana, who hopes for the Empire's demise in the long run, asked me with concern in her voice as we prepared to return to Port Mokna.

"They're not going to be able to compare to me in the long run."

"@....... I don't like it."

Riana couldn't help but be unhappy that the Imperial Empress had become the acting leader of the Darklands.

Bertus was actually responsible for the murder of Duke Granz and the destruction of the revolutionary organization, but Charlotte only found out about it after the fact.

"I'm going anyway."

"Good luck with the base move, I'll be making my own arrangements."

"Okay."

Riana made her way to Port Mokna.

And the person who is most likely to hate this situation.

"He'll take care of himself, right?"

Olivia didn't seem upset or unable to accept the situation at all.

"That's all we need to know."

Olivia looks at me with a wry smile.

"Next time he gets in trouble, don't try to defend him."

Olivia looks at me with a hard expression.

"Because then, even if you try to protect them, they'll kill you anyway."

Olivia gave me a blunt warning about what to expect when someone I've already betrayed comes back to haunt me.





