Episode 473.





Since coming to the Edina Archipelago, Charlotte has spent the most time with Herriot, not the demon.

"She gets restless when you're with her. Just let her be alone with me."

"Uh....... Really?"

"Yeah, so you're just going to let me do it?"

"......Okay."

I told her it would be best if she didn't see him for a while, as being around someone she felt guilty and sorry for would distract her.

It was a country, albeit a small one compared to an empire, and it had a lot on its plate.

Although Charlotte had been forced to take charge of a country on short notice, she felt she had to do it because Reinhardt had asked her to.

Meh.

I was thinking about it, but I couldn't do it if I had to.

Reinhardt was willing to take on a job because he believed in himself.

So Charlotte spent the day listening to Harriet tell her all about it.

Population size of the Edina Archipelago.

Distribution of islands.

The status of each island.

Refugee ships that periodically arrive at the main port of Razak.

What you have in storage and where it's coming from.

Fort Mokna as a forward base, and that it is now scheduled to move.

The Demons of the Streets.

Charlotte stared blankly at the landscape of Razak, where orcs and trolls roamed the streets.

For the first few days, I walked around with my robe on, but now I take it off.

In a landscape where demons of all stripes roam, Charlotte's appearance wasn't all that bizarre.

In fact, rather than taking notice of Charlotte's form, people were more likely to pay homage to her companion, the scribe Herriot.

"Interesting, huh? If you ask me if I've gotten used to it, honestly, no."

Herriot watches in disbelief as people and demons mingle in the streets.

"Still, just knowing that this is possible has changed my thinking a lot."

Herriot said he had something to show her and led Charlotte's hand up a hill in Rajak.

"Hey, you see that?"

"Is this an agricultural area......?"

"Yes."

At a distance that should have been no bigger than a human finger, something enormous was clearing a field.

A single ogre was clearing a path at lightning speed that would have taken dozens of people to accomplish.

"Normally it's vampire wizards, but once the groundwork is done, ogres tend to do the heavy lifting. It's helpful, but....... Hmm....... I mean, to be honest, it's a lot of work for dozens of people, and you have to eat as much as those dozens of people....... Actually, I wonder if it's kind of the same thing, but it's kind of interesting, isn't it?"

"......Yes."

"The only thing that keeps it going is a faction of vampire mages who have mastered botanical alchemy and magic. If it weren't for them, the refugees would have starved to death long ago."

Even worse, it was an old farmer with a bent back from age directing the ogre's clearing.

Whether this is efficient or not, we don't know from Herriot's words.

But I'm living it.

Trying to blend in.

The sight burned into Charlotte's eyes.

"Honestly, Edina's biggest problem is food. She's gotten so big since the Gate, she's somehow managed to feed herself with the help of demonic wizards and other demons, but it's all demonic....... So Reinhardt's power must have done something."

"......I see."

"So in Edina, the existence of the demon is absolute: the humans on the island are afraid of it, and the demons absolutely follow it, so there's no conflict. If it's gone, the demons won't understand why they have to live with the humans, and the humans will be even worse."

Archdemons extract absolute obedience from demons.

And the humans on the island are afraid of the devil.

This coexistence, while seemingly perfect, is not possible without the existence of the Devil.

"In the Darklands, demons are more like gods than kings. From what I've heard, demons used to be different races, fighting and splitting. Until a race called the Archdemons came along and ruled them all."

"Yeah, I'm aware of that."

More of a god than a king.

Archdemon.

Charlotte stares at the unearthly landscape created by its absolute presence.

Charlotte had heard many stories from Harriet.

How many refugees have made it to the island so far.

How the demons made contact and came to the island.

What it was like to use magic to build the buildings they would live in, to clear the land.

How the Unified Holy Order came to be.

While you're locked away in the Palace of Spring, blaming yourself for everything.

I heard about how the demon was not self-pitying and self-deprecating, but how he was trying to do something and managed to do it.

"You really....... you've done so much......."

He has saved countless lives and created landscapes that seem out of this world.

What happened to someone who didn't sit back when everything else failed, but kept pushing forward.

Charlotte was looking at it from a loser's perspective.

Am I responsible for this?

Why should I, a loser and a traitor, take credit for someone else's brilliant work?

"Charlotte, this is not considerate."

Harriet looks at Charlotte, her eyes serious.

"Reinhardt has a lot of work to do."

"......."

"It's just too much, too much."

"......Yes."

"Reinhardt brought you here because he needed you. He didn't bring you here because he felt sorry for you."

Herriot wasn't angry.

"If you want to be a sinner and a traitor, go ahead and live that way."

"......."

"But if you want to be what Reinhardt needs, a regent for Edina, that's what you get."

Charlotte looks up and sees Harriet.

"Do you want to be the person Reinhardt needs, or do you want to be the person Reinhardt, who is incredibly busy, has to keep attending to?"

Charlotte's lip trembled.

"I am....... Of course......."

Everyone here is someone Reinhardt needs.

I know because I've heard so many stories from Herriot.

Not Riana, not Olivia, not Irie, not Harriet.

They all had important jobs to do.

Charlotte is also brought in by Reinhardt for a very important mission.

If you want to live as a loser, you can live in defeat.

However, you will be a constant nuisance that Reinhardt will have to deal with.

Harriet pats Charlotte on the shoulder.

"If you know it, you do it. Don't overthink it."

"It was like that when we first got here."

"If I think about it too much, I feel like I'm just going to get stuck in my thoughts and feel guilty."

"I thought, 'Let's just take one step at a time.'"

"Rather than thinking about how many people are going to die on the continent."

"Building homes for people who have nowhere to stay."

"Rather than thinking about who was responsible for this situation."

"I'm going to launch a boat right now, rescue the people fleeing the monster, and bring them to this island."

"Rather than grieving over who died and how many, and thinking about what we lost."

"I have to feed the people who don't have anything to eat right now, so I've increased my cropland."

"If you think about things that are too far in the future or too abstract, you're going to get stuck wondering what to do and not be able to do anything."

"Let's do it one by one."

"Let's just take it one step at a time."

"After that time......."

"Look."

Herriot points to his surroundings.

Points to the world.

"Before you know it, it's like this."

"......."

"I don't feel like I've done something completely right, and I'm very anxious and it's unfinished, but I can't say I haven't done something."

Charlotte looks at Harriet, wide-eyed.

Those who stood still, and those who took at least one step every day.

Look at the landscape that the difference has created.

Do I deserve it. Is this okay. Whether I deserve to be forgiven.

I wonder if I should give myself the power to gawk at this beauty.

If you're stuck, you're just stuck.

Before you think about entitlements and rights.

Eat, exercise, and build strength for your weakened body as Reinhardt instructed.

Learn one more thing about Edina.

That one step where you sit on your throne and start ticking things off your agenda.

Why shouldn't you take that one step?

Herriot's comforting, yet persuasive, voice telling you that there is work to be done.

I finally got Charlotte to give up on the whole idea.

There will be no rights and no obligations.

But Reinhardt had a job for him.

Then it's just a matter of doing it.

Then take a step.

It is a sin to pause to consider whether I deserve to take this step.

Charlotte gritted her teeth as she saw Herriot's warm smile.

The thought of people doing this to themselves brought tears to my eyes.

But.

Over the course of two years, Charlotte cried a lot.

All I could do was cry.

Other than crying, I didn't do anything.

So instead of wiping away the tears that were bubbling up inside her, Charlotte gritted her teeth and wiped them up her sleeve.

Eyes as red as the devil's, their irises burning.

"Okay, whatever it is....... I'll try it."

Even though he didn't change his mind that he was wrong.

A sense of obligation to do something.

I was able to regain a sense of responsibility that I had to get it done somehow.



* * *



Herriot's persuasion was successful.

Rather than sinking into thoughts and self-doubt, I had to put one foot in front of the other and take it one step at a time.

Reinhardt didn't bring you here to forgive you, he brought you here because he needed you, so if you're guilty of that, you need to fulfill that need.

So Charlotte has talked to Harriet a lot since then, and she's been visiting Edina and trying to get a sense of what's really going on.

After getting to know the Edina Archipelago a bit, Charlotte came to one conclusion.

"That....... Um....... Can I be honest?"

"Uh, you should be honest, then."

At Reinhardt's words, Charlotte shook her head emphatically.

"This is not a country."

"......?"

Charlotte's assessment was harsh.

"This is a national soup kitchen....... if you call it that. I wouldn't say national....... It's more like......."

The Edina Archipelago was in need of a major overhaul, Charlotte decided.

"The biggest problem is that without the demons, everyone in Edina would starve to death. Bringing in refugees from the continent is great, and giving them free land and houses to live in is great, but basically, food self-sufficiency is a problem that can't be solved without magic and demons."

"I've heard that they keep increasing the amount of land they cultivate, but they're using mages to do it. There's a limit to the amount of manpower they can use, and right now the most labor intensive part of the island is probably the food resource business, but if they start growing more and more, at some point they'll cross the critical mass of people they can support."

"So this isn't a country where the surplus of what people produce is stored in the treasury in the form of taxes to be distributed when it's needed or used for public purposes. This is a country where the state produces food. It's reversed. It's not really a government or a state, it's a charity. The only purpose of the state is to feed the population, and it's struggling to do that."

"I'm not saying there's anything wrong with doing that, but we don't have a plan for when the dependent population grows too large for us to support. Farming with magic is ridiculous in the first place, and neither is having mermaids feeding us from the ocean. We need to have a long-term plan for food self-sufficiency, a long-term policy that will allow us to be self-sufficient even without this bizarre thing with the mages farming."

"There's also the issue of security. The size of the evacuation zones has already surpassed the size of the old Razak city center by several times, and the only way they're trying to keep them safe is by having guards patrol them at night, but there's a limit to the number of troops they can keep, which is why the crime rate in the evacuation zones is so high."

Food. Policing. Institutions. Policy. Management of areas outside the capital, etc.

When Charlotte's tale of the Edina Archipelago's many problems was over, Reinhardt's mouth hung open in disbelief.

Looks like a country, but is actually a charity.

It's not called a treasury for the sake of taxes, but a bizarre structure where the treasury and all the power the king has works for the people and the people alone.

That was the reality of Edina, which he spent two years building.

When she's finished, Charlotte stares at Reinhardt.

"The only reason you've gotten this far is because the demons below you are overpowered, and even under the best of circumstances, people of your caliber don't do this kind of work."

Edina is kept alive by overly talented people doing jobs they wouldn't normally do, and the people of Edina are, for the time being, a bunch of military types.

The reality of Edina is that the country itself cannot survive without a demon.





