Episode 474.





In Charlotte's opinion, Edina, the rebuilt Darklands, is overly dependent on the Demon.

That was qualitatively different from saying that Darklands couldn't exist without Archdemons.

"So....... How do I do that?"

"......Food issues will inevitably become a long-term policy, but right now we need to address systemic issues. There are many petty crimes, but too often what could have been a simple case of violence turns into a murder."

"I don't think we'll be able to increase the size of the guard, and to be honest, we're already overwhelmed."

"This is not a guard problem."

Charlotte shook her head.

"The punishment for criminals is too uniform, and it's too simplistic: death or hard labor, and more people are sent to hard labor than to death, and you seem to be inclined not to give them the death penalty, right?"

"That's right....... I was just wondering if it might be better to use them as labor somehow rather than kill them......."

At that, Charlotte shook her head.

"Let's say someone gets into a fight with someone they have a grudge against. Let's say there's a violent incident, and the other person gets hurt too badly, then it's a certainty that the perpetrator will be sent to the labor camp. If you kill them, they're going to go to jail, if you beat them up, they're going to go to jail. Some people actually just kill them, because the outcome is the same."

"......?"

"Of course, this is an extreme example, and not the only one, but there are plenty of people who would rather make that choice, so the punishment for each offense must necessarily be specific."

Charlotte discusses the problems of not dealing with sins that deserve death in the extreme.

"Reinhardt, extreme punishment doesn't exist to punish criminals, it exists to show the majority of the general public the horrors of felonies. Basically, extreme punishment, including the death penalty, exists to consume felons and put them on display for society."

As a leader, Reinhardt has avoided capital punishment because he believes it is more efficient to use criminals as labor than to kill them, because he believes it is inefficient.

But Charlotte was raising the possibility that she may have helped turn a simple incident of violence into a murder.

If the crime is different but the punishment is the same, you might want to choose the felony.

"There are no laws in place in Edina right now, but there is no system of punishment, and that needs to be established. The situation in Edina is not at all like the situation in countries in general. With the inevitable influx of so many outsiders, the problems between people are only going to get worse, not better, so the punishment should be harsher than it needs to be. The ecliptic is extremely short on resources right now, so it's impossible to reduce the crime rate with extreme measures, but Edina is not in that situation, so it's still possible to deal with criminals with punishment."

"I guess so......."

"And it's also true that the number of guards is absolutely insufficient, and it would be difficult to increase the size of the guard at this point."

Charlotte quickly concluded, as if she had an answer for that, too.

"Let the refugees organize themselves into vigilantes."

"Vigilantes? This is the capital city, and we can't even manage the water, so you're making us organize vigilantes....... Am I right?"

"It's not the time to cover that up."

"Hmmm......."

Reinhard rolls his eyes in disagreement at Charlotte's words.

"But the vigilante thing, it's kind of like a volunteer thing, because who's going to do that for free, and if they're not going to do it for free, you're going to pay them, but if you do that, you're organizing a vigilante group and then you're paying them, and that's no different than a guard, so why would you organize a vigilante group and then incorporate them into the guard, I don't know?"

Charlotte shook her head at Reinhardt's words.

"Don't give me money, give me some privileges."

"Permissions?"

"Yeah, power by another name."

Charlotte stares at Reinhardt with a calm expression.

"There are a lot of people who would love to have that little bit of power. Money? You don't have to give it to them. There are some people who want power for its own sake."

"ah......."

"Give me the power to elect vigilante leaders and recruit vigilantes. And give them the power to arrest and interrogate people. As a result, the vigilantes won't get paid a dime and they'll be patrolling the streets at night thinking they're something. As a result, the vigilantes won't get paid a dime and they'll be patrolling the streets at night thinking they're something, and that's it, right?"

Charlotte understands that power alone can sway people, as she understands the futility of the human desire for power.

The seemingly sinister policy sent chills down Reinhardt's spine.

"No, that....... I get what you're saying, but....... After all, it seems to me that giving vigilantes any degree of power over a refugee zone would inevitably lead to them doing some bullshit....... Autonomy is relatively free from control, so it's bound to be corrupt, right?"

"Yeah. It's inevitably going to be corrupt, it's going to be an interest group, it's going to be a corrupt power that commits crimes with impunity, and no, they're not going to be able to make money doing vigilante work, so they're going to want to fill their pockets in other ways, and they're going to have to do that, because they're going to be busy doing vigilante work, but it's not going to be money, so they're going to have to do that."

"I mean, that's how it's supposed to be."

"Why bother with that?"

Charlotte mimics slitting her own throat.

"Kill it. Pull it out again."

"ah......."

"Vigilante corruption isn't our responsibility because they're not directly under the government, right? So the state steps in and executes the corrupt vigilante leader. It looks like justice, and it's good, but in reality the government has created an environment where policing is handed over to the vigilantes, and they can't make a living, so they inevitably become a corrupt force, and who cares if the public knows that? The more secular the vigilante leader, the more vicious the vigilante, the more support for the government will come back to benefit from hanging them."

Charlotte was saying it with a nonchalant expression that didn't make her smile, but didn't make her look sinister either.

Use and discard people as you see fit. It creates and exploits groups that are inevitably corrupt. You don't even give them a dime.

What the devil couldn't do, Charlotte could.

Corruption is bad.

So it was Reinhardt's idea to rule out the possibility of corruption.

But Charlotte is different.

It creates and exploits power, which inevitably corrupts.

And when that corruption crosses a threshold, it is replaced, and the replacement process is used to benefit the government.

It blames the government for putting them in power, which is bound to be corrupt, and blames corrupt individuals for being corrupt.

The mindset is inherently different.

"Reinhard, you don't know something very important."

"What is that?"

"The purpose of the state is not the fulfillment of justice or goodness, but the maintenance of the state itself. In a defunct state there is no justice, no relief of the poor, no charity. If there is one absolute good that the state must uphold, it is the maintenance of the state itself."

Government is not supposed to be good and just.

Governments are maintained to be maintained.

No other business or policy can exist without that basic condition being met.

Reinhardt wasn't thinking in those terms at all.

Even in the face of injustice, the country must be maintained, and policies and projects must be implemented to do so.

The Edina Archipelago did not have it, and Reinhardt did not consider it.

They're getting bigger, but their systems are broken.

That's why it's now Charlotte's decision to create a system.

We've gotten so big that we can't keep up, so we need a stopgap.

Reinhardt couldn't deny that Charlotte's way was better than his when it came to keeping the country together.

"I never realized you were royalty....... It's starting to sink in now......."

Reinhard nodded dumbfoundedly. Charlotte looked at Reinhardt and lowered her eyes.

"I can't help it if I'm disappointed....... If this is the only way I can help you....... I'll do it anyway, because it has to be good."

"......."

"So, this is what I, the would-be regent, do, and you, the would-be monarch, remain a kind and gentle monarch who cares about the people. The more people fear my regency, the more they will support you."

So, Charlotte has decided that she will bear all the stigma of the evil reign she is about to undertake.

The more people hate the regent. The more they hate the regent.

The support for the devil is even stronger.

Just as she used vigilantes, Charlotte would use herself to solidify Reinhardt's control.



* * *



I don't know if Charlotte is done with her preparations.

Just as I didn't become king until I was ready, Charlotte didn't come to the throne fully prepared to be king.

I was unprepared and haphazardly organizing the country, and that's why it's a mistake.

We can keep it for now, but we don't know how long this will be possible.

That's why we brought in Charlotte to solidify the boudoir.

I tried to make it as plausible as possible, but to Charlotte, Edina looked like a misshapen structure.

I don't know if Charlotte will be able to cope with all of them.

But Charlotte could think of things I couldn't.

Sometimes you'll have to use people to throw things away.

It's brutal, but I couldn't deny its necessity.

Charlotte approaches cases and problems differently than I do.

I don't think Charlotte taking over the Edina Archipelago would have made things better, but at least it would have been better than me staying on the throne.

I was getting tired of dealing with the politics of Edina.

Someone to replace it.

Someone who is clearly better at it than I am.

And.

Somehow, he's more frightening than I am, and he's the one most worthy of the Devil.

"Let me introduce you."

In the realm of the vassals, I carefully placed Charlotte on the throne, standing beside me in a black dress, looking down at the people.

"I am Charlotte de Gradias, regent of Edina from this day forward."

At my words, the vassals, who had been nervous about the mysterious presence, gulped.

Charlotte De Gradias.

With that name attached, it's no surprise where Charlotte is from.

"Remember, she is my substitute, but she is also my equal."

I get up, and Charlotte, who sits on the throne instead, looks down at the still vassals.





"I'll keep it short."

Charlotte didn't say hello or any other greeting.

In Empress of the First Empire, Charlotte, now Queen of the Darklands, looks down on her people.

"All things......."

It wasn't a strong voice, and it wasn't a confident voice.

"It's going to be a lot different than it has been."

However, everyone was overwhelmed by the charisma of Charlotte's presence.



* * *



Charlotte tackled the most urgent task first.

Systematization of punishment.

And vigilante organizations.

It was a system that made evacuees responsible for the security of their own neighborhoods.

The next day, I saw the molds being built in the central square of the city of Razak.

Someone will be beaten there according to their crime, and the most heinous will be beheaded or hanged.

The residents of Edina will see someone's death on display and fear sin.

We don't know how much of an impact a public execution would have, but we couldn't deny Charlotte's opinion that the situation in the Edina Archipelago called for it.

It's not that I didn't see the need, but I may have been avoiding making that decision in the name of efficiency.

After all, from a modern perspective, we haven't yet shaken off such a trivial notion that such things are barbaric and bad.

Now virtually everything I did in the Edina Archipelago would be done by Charlotte.

I will now, for a moment, step down from my throne and do what I must.



* * *



Charlotte began her reign as regent.

The rate at which the warp gate is destroyed gets slower and slower.

While we have destroyed a significant number of warp gates in two years, we will not be able to destroy all of them in the near future.

So there's still time until the final fight is close.

I had some work to do to prepare for future events.

Now that I had Charlotte, I could finally get rid of the clothes that didn't even fit me.

None of them still had business outside, but I gathered them together and started talking.

"I'm going to be gone for quite a while."

"You're leaving?"

Everyone scratched their heads at my words.

"I don't know how long he'll be gone, but he'll be back when he can, so don't worry about it too much."

Charlotte is also an Archdemon, which means she has power over demons. And Charlotte will run the country more wisely than I will.

So there's no reason for me to be physically present in Edina.

So, I thought I'd do something I hadn't done before.

"Are you going to do something dangerous again?"

I shook my head at Olivia's question.

"Well, technically, it's to prepare for something dangerous....... I can't tell you anything for sure yet, but I'll be bringing plenty of teleportation scrolls, so don't worry too much."

"I still don't think it's a good idea to go alone....... It's going to be dangerous wherever we go......."

Herriot said.

Everyone knows I'll do whatever it takes.

I know I'm not the kind of person who would be killed by a horde of monsters roaming the continent, but I can't help but worry.

"I'd love to take someone, but this isn't the place to do it."

I don't want to insist on traveling alone.

However, where I need to go now is somewhere I don't know if I can find on my own or not.

Not Olivia, not Harriet, not Charlotte, not Airi.

They didn't approve of my decision, but they were concerned.

"It won't be too late."

Before the gate debacle is finalized, I need to be much stronger than I am now.

That is why I must bring Charlotte to rule, and I must do what I can to make myself stronger than I am now.

And the dragon at the last gate.

Even in a fight with Ellen.

If you don't want to die, you have to be strong.

Airi asks, concerned.

"Can't you at least tell me where you're going?"

"......I'm sorry, I can't tell you."

I'm not even sure if you can find it.

And even if you can find it, you may not be able to get what you want.

I can't tell you because if you know where I'm going, you won't let me go.

Rizaira, Ellen's hometown.

I'm going to go there.





