Episode 478.





It was late at night when Liana de Granz, the Thunderer, returned to Port Mokna.

Charlotte watched from inside the command center as the paladins and priests returned to Fort Mokna.

Somehow there were survivors, and quite a few wagons were returning from the rear of the force.

If they found survivors, they would be placed in wagons and escorted safely to Fort Mokna.

Not all of the carriages are filled with people, but we can see that some of them have people in them.

And the aftmost of the troop.

There, Liana de Grants rides in on a white horse, escorting her troops to the very end.

In battle, the vanguard.

In an escort, you take up the rear.

It's hard not to admire a commander who always fights in the most dangerous positions.

The wagons carrying the survivors are dropped off at the evacuation center, where they are directed by troopers. Fearful people are first calmed down, educated to some extent about Edina, and then loaded onto the transport fleet to be sent to Edina.

That's the alpha and omega of running a Fort Mork or a forward base.

Harriet mumbles to herself as she watches the survivors get out of the wagon.

"Still,....... That's quite a bit."

It was Riana's job to scout out and bring back survivors from time to time.

Some external operations could be completed in a single day, while other expeditions could take several days and cover very long distances.

Survivors have become harder to find, which is why we're considering relocating the base, but there are still survivors in the area. It's just that there are far fewer of them than there used to be.

We don't know if Riana has been out of commission for a few days, but the number of survivors we've captured is over two dozen.

Rescued from a life of destruction.

Charlotte watched as the survivors, now in safety, still looked terrified.



* * *



"What are you doing without telling me?"

Back at the command center, Riana shook her head at the mention of Charlotte and Harriet waiting for her until the middle of the night.

"Whatever it is, hold on, I'm going to wash it."

Charlotte doesn't have all the time in the world.

We don't know what's wrong with Port Mokna yet, and it's probably nothing. But we're here because Riana might have something to do with it.

That's why it's important to get back to work as soon as possible.

But when the regent arrived, Charlotte watched him walk away, as if he had some unexpected business to attend to.

'A chi fight. No, it can't be.'

Scared to think about it, Charlotte shook her head inwardly.

Even at Temple, Charlotte hadn't been close to Riana, but that didn't mean she didn't know her.

Liana De Granz.

Honored by the Duke of Granz, she is an Electrokineticist whose offense is the best of her powers.

After the death of Duke Granz, his powers were enhanced by several dimensions.

As far as Charlotte knows, Riana's personality is on the boisterous side, and she doesn't sweat the small stuff. She knows she'll hate the Empire at this point, and she knows she'll never feel good about herself.

When Riana has something to say, she says it.

I'm not the type of person who tries to stifle opponents with subtle chi fights.

Liana de Granz is a very different kind of person than Olivia Ranze.

If Olivia Lance is sarcastic and makes comments that are subtly dismissive of her opponents, Riana says that if she doesn't like them, she just doesn't like them.

So what you're doing now is probably just something you do without thinking.

If it had been Reinhardt instead of Charlotte, he would have told her to wait while he washed up.

Herriot was nervous, not knowing what to expect.

How much time has passed.

Riana came out into the parlor, having changed out of her armor and into casual clothes.

Riana set the plate of sandwiches the adjutant had brought to the table and began to whine about how she hadn't had a proper meal in a long time.

Taking a bite of her sandwich, Riana glares at Charlotte.

"So, what."

Riana is straightforward by nature. She doesn't like to talk back or fake favors she doesn't have.

It's easy to make enemies when you're too direct.

However, being a person of straightforward demeanor and straightforward actions, Riana has always been at the forefront of the battle.

In this particular environment, Riana's somewhat unorthodox demeanor has earned her the absolute trust of most of Fort Mokna's troops.

"I heard it's hard to find survivors, maybe there are still some left."

Harriet watches as Charlotte rings the bell.

Straightforward Riana.

Charlotte not immediately bringing up the point.

Only Herriot, watching, realized that they were two very different people.

Riana takes a sip of water and sighs.

"It's not completely absent. I hate to say it, but the seed has dried up. Less efficient. That's why we're moving bases, you know that, right?"

"Yeah, I heard they're moving their base to another port."

"What, you think we should keep Fort Mokna open, because there are still survivors around here?"

At Riana's question, Charlotte shook her head.

"No, that's probably best left to you, the field commander, because you've seen and done it."

"It's just a prediction that we'll be able to save more people if we move our base, but I don't know how it's going to turn out, and we'll have to clear out the monsters around it to build a new base. It's a risk, but we can't afford to be complacent."

We need to save more people.

In keeping with Reinhardt's tone, Riana was only trying to voice her opinion and act on it.

People admire and respect her.

Riana is the furthest thing from selfish.

Riana's decision to seek out only the most dangerous places, to abandon Port Mokhna, which she considers safe enough, and to take risks by creating a new base is clearly far from selfish.

"How many people are in the evacuation zone right now?"

"Well, I don't know the exact number, but I'm guessing it's probably around a hundred and fifty, counting the people we saved today."

The next time you load them onto a transport ship and send them to Razak, they become residents of Edina.

"On average, do survivors stay here for a few days before being transported to Razak?"

"Well, it doesn't matter how many days they stay, it matters when the convoys that come every three weeks arrive, so if they get here the next day with survivors, they're here for three weeks, if they get here a week ago, they're here for a week, and so on."

"I see."

Charlotte nodded at Riana's words. Then she was silent for a moment, as if lost in thought.

After some thought, Charlotte asks again.

"How many people did you have on your last transport fleet?"

"I don't know, I think it was about eight or nine hundred."

"And before that?"

"Hey."

Riana narrowed her eyes at Charlotte's question.

Charlotte looks at Riana without changing her expression.

"What are you doing?"

"......what?"

Riana glares at Charlotte, not hiding her displeasure.

"You don't need to hear that from me, it's all in the numbers, it's all in the report, why are you coming all the way over here to ask me that?"

Riana puts down the sandwich she's been eating, crosses her arms, and glares at Charlotte.

"Cut to the chase. What is it? Why are you here?"

Charlotte stares at Riana, unmoved by the frosty gaze of Riana's enemy.

"Hmmm......."

When Charlotte rings the bell, she does so to see how the other person feels about her. Favorable, hostile, or neutral.

But I can't resist a few words of cajoling, so I ask him straight out.

Riana is blunt and doesn't like herself. Charlotte realizes that she was right to a certain extent.

"According to my calculations, I think Port Mokna is charging for more food than they actually need."

"......what?"

"That's been the case for quite some time. I think it's been like that for a little under a year."

Riana's expression hardened at Charlotte's words. Her eyes widen as she looks at Charlotte.

With just a few glances at the documents, Charlotte realized how long Port Mokna had been overcharging for food.

The food requirement for Port Mokna is basically two thousand meals.

The number of survivors living there determines the need for additional stockpiles of food requirements.

For about a year now, Port Mokna has been overcharging for food.

"Food is a big deal, especially when you're about to go into combat, and you need to be as full as you can be and have a good meal, and up until now we've been getting the bare minimum because of Edina's situation, and I'm just trying to make it easier on you. Is this such a big deal that you have to come all the way out here and tell me that those of us who fight on the front lines are a little underfed?"

Charlotte nods in agreement with Riana's bitter words.

"Yeah, that's what I thought you were going to say."

"......what?"

Charlotte's nonchalant comment causes Riana's expression to harden into a grim one.

Riana is straightforward. As such, she drops a lot of clues with her words.

Charlotte had already gotten one clue.

"I take it that you were aware of the issue, and that you acknowledged that this was something you directed me to do."

Riana bit her lip as she realized she'd been talked into it by Charlotte.

Clues tend to slip through the cracks, and Charlotte is good at picking them up.

And Riana wasn't very good at that.

"Yeah. I did that, so what. What's the big deal?"

"You wanted to make sure the troops had better meals than they have now to keep their morale up?"

"Yeah."

"I don't think so."

"......what?"

Charlotte begins to explain, still and calm.

"You said you wanted to provide a lot of food to keep the combatants' morale up, and to do that, you wanted to provide a high quality diet rather than a high quantity diet, so you should have requested more meat and processed goods. But what you charged more than necessary was not meat or processed goods, but very basic items like flour."

"......."

"You wanted quantity of food, not quality of food."

Liana de Granz's expression is hardening.

Charlotte explains with an expressionless face.

As he watched, Herriot felt a heavy weight in his throat, like something had gotten stuck.

Riana said she wanted to improve the quality of her meals.

But according to Charlotte, while the quantity of meals may have increased, the quality has not.

Charlotte doesn't tell us everything she knows from the start.

You wait for your opponent to make a mistake, and then, as if waiting for it, you bring up something else you know to push them over the edge.

Catch your opponent in their words.

"For Edina's sake, I just thought it was important to keep her full for now. Meat is hard to come by, so I'm trying to fill her up with basic foods......."

"The existing food rations were calculated based on the nutritional needs of combat troops and calculated to feed two average people, so there's no point in sending more flour or rice. They wouldn't even be able to eat it all. Even if they binge, the troops at Fort Mokna can't consume the overcharged rations in the first place."

-Bang!

Riana slams her hand down on the table and glares at Charlotte.

-Pagic!

Riana's forehead lights up, and she glares at Charlotte with a murderous glare.

"What are you trying to say?"

Charlotte looks at Riana, her expression still calm.

"It's simple, there were more mouths to feed here than were actually reported in Edina."

"There were a lot of......?"

Herriot asked, sensing an ominous foreboding.

"......."

Riana's silence.

Charlotte continues.

"Days, maybe weeks worth. They needed more food because they had to be fed somehow, but they never made it to Edina for some reason, and a lot of the survivors who were here never made it to Fort Mokna, so they were charged more for food than they actually needed, which was for people who weren't on the paperwork."

Riana is silenced by Charlotte's words.

"You."

Charlotte asks quietly.

"What did they do?"

"......."

"The people who should have come to Edina but didn't, what did you do with them?"

Riana glares at Charlotte and falls silent.

What a long silence.

Charlotte realizes that Riana is far from the kind of person she wants to be.

If so, overcharging for food would have been necessary.

If they're lying about it, they're lying because they need to.

It must be because there is a truth that cannot be told.

Riana's face is set, and she slowly opens her mouth.

"I killed ......."

"Mu, what?!"

Riana's words, which broke the silence, stunned Herriot.

"No more, I couldn't put Edina in danger."

"......."

Charlotte nodded, as if she'd been expecting it.





