Episode 479.





Rusinil was walking still in the nighttime neighborhood of Port Mokna.

Archdemon.

A new world created by the demon Valier.

A landscape where humans and demons mix.

Rusinil didn't think it was possible.

The age-old hatred between demons and humans was not seen as something that could be resolved.

However, in the end, survival is an absolute necessity for all beings.

The environmental limitations of being an island.

The reality that the continent is overrun by monsters.

Faced with a choice of death or coexistence, humans mingled with demons, creating a bizarre landscape.

It made Lucinil sad that this was only possible after the world had come close to destruction.

The mere fact that such a landscape had been created in the first place, under such circumstances, sent a strange ripple of emotions through Lucinil.

The reasons and causes are complex, and it's Balie who actually created this environment.

But I didn't let that get me down, I tried to make something happen, and I did.

That's why Lucinil felt sad, but also proud and honored.

It was the outskirts, beyond even the city walls.

The monster didn't walk around to see if it was being periodically swept away.

But if there are monsters that come and go, Lucinil is a road vampire.

There is no monster that can threaten Lucinyl with this change.

That's why Lucinil walks the outskirts of Port Mokhna, looking at a world that has changed.

In fact, it didn't look like much had changed.

It's not like there's a dense population of humans on every continent, or monsters all over the place.

All Lucinil could see was a meadow, lit by moonlight, with a slight breeze blowing through it.

A silver-haired vampire strolls through a landscape where the world is so close to destruction that you wonder what's so different about it.

Reinhard disappeared in search of something.

In her absence, the empress struggles to fulfill her role.

Many of the relationships he had were transformed into bizarre relationships mediated by guilt.

Lucinil thinks back to Valier, who seemed to be the same, but who seemed to have changed so much in the time he hadn't seen her.

It's almost as if there's a compulsion not to show weakness.

It's not as subtly cute as it used to be.

His heart must be broken, knowing that his presence has caused a tragedy.

But on the surface, I didn't feel any of that.

You're not showing your true colors at all.

I could feel myself closing off my mind because I couldn't reveal it, because if I started to reveal it, there would be no end to it.

It's as if he has a premonition of an even more miserable fate in store for him next time.

And yet, they act like they have to do something.

"Poor guy......."

Lucinil mumbles to himself.

The Demon has grown stronger.

You can only pretend to be strong with thick curtains drawn over your shattered heart.

He didn't tell anyone where he was headed, but he must have left to somehow overcome his fate.

You can run like a horse that never tires.

She's seen a lot of them.

I saw them running like untiring horses, accomplishing things.

But I've seen more people die of exhaustion after running like that.

Lucinil doesn't know if his fate is to die of exhaustion or to accomplish something.

However, the demon was gritting his teeth and running, never revealing his brokenness to anyone.

You don't want to fail so badly that you fall apart at the seams.

It's not a strength, it's a compulsion.

What's the devil up to.

The poor guy, wandering around in what part of the world?

Relieved of Edina's task, the demon headed off somewhere, as if waiting.

As Lucinil walked through the meadow that night, he stopped dead in his tracks.

-ssh

Somewhere, a breeze was blowing.

"......?"

Lucinil looks out over the rolling hills in the moonlight.

Lucinyl is a load vampire.

A vampire is inherently undead.

It should be dead, but it is alive.

So even though Lucinil doesn't have a soul, it's easier for me to recognize spiritual beings than other living beings in general.

And Lucinil has done more soul research than any other being in the world.

As such, their ability to sense spiritual beings was much greater than other vampires.

An odd sense of discomfort in the wind.

She could intuit that it was some kind of spiritual response.

Lucinil takes a deep breath and centers herself.

-Uhhhhhh.......

-uuuuu.......

Lucinil could read the strange crying and despair in the wind.

Ghosts.

The Vampire Council is also haunted by ghosts. There were ghosts that could not affect living beings, but haunted the ruins themselves.

Lucinil walks slowly over the rolling hills to the place where the ears howl.

It's not like the monster in the gate.

It's a phenomenon that belongs in this world.

But the breeze, which seemed to chill even the wind, made Lucinil walk to a certain place as if possessed.

"What......?"

Lucinil could feel things that other beings could not.

The ghosts of despair and resentment echoed painfully in my ears.

A rural area quite a distance from Port Mokna.

Somewhere between those rolling hills, under a giant boulder.

Some kind of huge, deep pit that looks artificially created.

It was a cleverly hidden cliff, like something you'd never find from the outside unless you were looking for it.

Lucinil intuitively realized that the tune was coming from inside that artificially constructed cave.

Below that pit.

Rusinil saw that there was something nasty going on there.

It doesn't move.

-hhhblack.......

-으우으으으으…….

But I could feel the ghosts, the ghosts that never left this place, and I couldn't count them.

Lucinil narrows her brow and summons a sphere of light down the pit.

It was a pit of unfathomable depth.

Suddenly, Lucinil could see what lay at the bottom of the pit.

"What is this....... What is this......?"

All.

They were charred human corpses.



* * *



Riana has more survivors than she reported to Edina.

However, many of them were never sent to Edina; they became non-existent, unrecognized on paper.

Killed by Riana.

The words shocked Harriet, and Charlotte could only stare at Riana with a blank stare.

"I figured I'd find out someday, but I didn't realize it would be you and not Reinhardt, and not for long."

So far, Herriot and Reinhardt have been clueless, but Charlotte has been able to deduce what happened from a few papers.

Aside from her personal dislike of Charlotte, Riana couldn't help but feel that there was no room for doubt about her abilities.

"Liana....... What the hell are you talking about? Why....... Why would you send people to......?"

Charlotte didn't say anything, but the impact on Harriet was immense.

So far, no one has reported it, and Riana has been killing survivors with her own hands.

If true, Riana would have saved the most lives in Edina while simultaneously slaughtering innocents.

Liana stares at Harriet, her face pale.

"Reinhard, you've almost died many times."

"......."

Assassination attempts on demons are not uncommon. He's come close to dying many times, which is why he's been sharing a bedroom with Harriet lately.

"We can't have any more impurities in Edina."

In fact, there are many people in Edina who hate the Demon so much that they want to oppose or kill him.

So far, though, we've only been able to snap them with force.

Also, without a demon, there is no way to know how the demons that have been coexisting with humans will turn against them.

Liana stares at Herriot.

"If we educate the evacuees about the situation in Edina, do you know what happens?"

"......."

"When you hear about societies ruled by demons and intermingled with demons, do you think there aren't people who would rather die than live in such a place?"

It's not just an opposing force.

These are people who have lost something.

A country ruled by a demon who is the cause of the situation.

There are those who would rather die than live in a place ruled by such a being.

There are those who hate it so much they want to kill it.

But beyond that, there are those who hate the devil to death.

Herriot's lips quivered in despair.

"Liana....... That doesn't mean you have to kill....... There is......."

"Whatever."

Liana looks at Harriet.

"He won't go to Edina even if he dies, and if we force him to go, Reinhardt will be in danger. He's not the only one. Harriet, you've been close to death many times. I don't like it, but so has Olivia. I don't want to fill Edina with extremists, but I can't just send them there without training them, either, because that could be a problem. There are already more and more of them, and they're already in power, and I can't send more of them who could overthrow Edina? I can't do that. What if I don't send them there? What if I have to feed them here for the rest of their lives? I can't do that, either. Do I just kick them out to live on their own somewhere else?"

At best, you'll banish them back to the monster-infested outskirts of your base.

Drive them back to the land of death.

Death or exile.

"Yeah, actually, that's how we used to do it back in the day: if you want to die so badly, go out and die because I don't want to get my hands dirty, and that's how we chased a lot of the survivors back out into the open."

"I thought that if I survived, that was it, but you know what? I think there are some real survivors, and that's even worse."

"Word is spreading that there's a place like this down south, probably through the people I kicked out."

"What do you think will happen if this reaches the Empire?"

"What would happen if the Empire knew of Port Mokna, and the humans knew of our presence on a distant island to the south?"

"There's going to be a war, I'm sure."

"I have made a mistake, a very great mistake, banishing those who oppose Reinhard, who would rather die than enter the dominion of a demon, who know our land, who know our home, and let them live."

"So I haven't made that mistake since."

"It's just, it's just."

It wasn't that they were dead, it was that they were alive.

Rumors of Port Mokna are starting to spread from somewhere, and while it's not known that it's the land of demons, people are gradually learning that it's a paradise in the south.

A demon, a symbol of hate, and a nation of demons.

Humanity's assault on Edina may one day begin.

If an unspecified number of people learn of Edina, the Empire may be forced to go to war with her.

like a demand to execute the Empress.

The faltering Empire may be forced to go to war with the Darklands in order to right the ship of state and unite humanity.

So Riana began to actually kill people who said they would rather die than be under the demon's control.

If they live, all of Edina might be in danger.





