Episode 480





"It's not that I didn't try to convince him, I tried to convince him with lies, but even if I sent him to Edina, he would eventually learn the truth."

"I don't know what you two think."

"People hate the devil a lot more than we realize."

"It's common to hate someone so much that you want to kill them."

"They hate it so much they want to die."

Harriet knew, and Charlotte knew, that people hated the Devil enough to want to kill him.

But I could have hated it to death.

What I was doing to save someone was killing someone.

Killing someone to save someone.

Killing someone to protect something.

I had to kill those I had somehow saved, with my own hands.

Riana had been hiding this story for a very long time.

About a year ago.

Sending would-be impure individuals to Edina resulted in numerous assassination attempts on the Demon King.

The increasingly extreme opposition to the Demon King could lead to Edina's overthrow in the long run.

Ever since we realized that information about Port Mokna and Edina was spreading.

Riana has actually killed people who would rather die than fall under her control.

In Riana's hard expression, there was a resolve that could not be broken or dented.

No bitterness, no despair.

I know that if I start getting hung up on that, I'm just going to flounder in a bottomless pit of despair.

All I could see was that he was determined not to think about it.

"Whatever you wanted to know, the truth is this."

Riana looks at Charlotte and says.

"So, what are you going to do now?"

Charlotte stares at Riana.

"Why didn't you tell Reinhardt about this?"

At Charlotte's question, Riana crosses her arms.

"Do you know what that Reinhardt bastard was like for two years?"

"I don't know."

At Charlotte's nonchalant response, Riana narrows her eyes and looks out the window.

"I've never done anything like that, not even tough love."

"......."

"The guy who's supposed to be the hardest on us, he's spent two years with no signs of it, just thinking about what he has to do, moving forward, never taking a break."

Riana stares at Charlotte for a moment.

"She thinks you're the reason she's like this, but you don't say anything, so she knows. That she's struggling beyond words."

"......."

When you save people, you kill people.

"If Reinhardt had known about this, he would have told me to just send him to Edina and let him deal with the death threats and internal affairs."

"I don't want Reinhardt to have to deal with that anymore."

"I'm not going to say this is the best option."

"But."

"I don't even think it was the worst choice."

"Can't I see that no matter how we try to solve this problem, we have only shitty options? So I've made a decision, as the Devil's changeling and commander of the front lines, that Reinhardt will never know about this. He must be rotten to the core as it is, and I'm not going to make him bear more burden and anguish by letting him know about this."

Riana didn't want to give the demon another thing to worry about, as she was sure he already had enough on his plate.

Riana didn't want Reinhardt to be in danger, and she didn't want Edina to be in danger.

So, at best, the people we saved who hated the devil enough to want to die, we actually killed.

Rumors of the carnage here did not reach Edina. Riana handled her people in secret, so even the survivors who made it to Edina didn't know who was missing around them.

Just like that.

Riana saved people, and killed them because she saved them.

Rather, they would have lived a little longer if they hadn't been discovered by Riana.

What it felt like to kill them with my own hands, Riana didn't explain in the slightest.

Just as Reinhardt hadn't had a hard time for two years.

Riana says nothing about the inevitability or pain of killing.

We decided to do that, so we did.

Liana de Granz, so hard you'd never get a needle through her.

The Devil's Changeling.

Charlotte stares at the Thunder King.

"You must be a friend of Reinhard's, right?"

Charlotte asks Riana, still looking nonchalant.

"Right."

"But before we get to that, I assume you realize that this is a vassal relationship?"

"......Yes."

You should think of the relationship as a friend first.

When Charlotte says that they started out as friends, but now they have to let go of that mentality to some extent, Riana has no words to argue. Charlotte stares at Riana for a moment.

"The subjects cheat the lord for the sake of the lord. That's your argument, isn't it?"

It's a bit of a stretch to compare Riana's situation to Reinhardt's, but in the end, they're not all that different.

"Yeah. I guess that's how it goes, so to speak."

"So by that logic, neither Harriet here nor I, the Regent, nor Olivia, the Prelate, nor Airi, the Succubus Queen, can cheat the monarch?"

"......."

"To ease the monarch's burden, to ease the monarch's responsibility and guilt, the monarch shouldn't know about the miserable, dirty things going on in the country, so it's okay to deceive the monarch?"

Charlotte stares at Riana.

"If you deceive like that, if you pull the wool over the eyes of a monarch in the name of serving him, if you report only what looks good, only what's pretty, only what's pleasing to the eye, but you hide the dirty stuff and don't show it to him, and he thinks everything is going well and knows nothing, what do you call a monarch like that?"

"Dark Lord, or not?"

Riana looks at Charlotte with a stern expression.

"Liana de Granz."

"Your intentions may be loyal, but your actions are unfaithful."

"The moment a vassal dares to show consideration for his monarch, and tries to hide and blindfold him, you make Reinhardt incompetent, even if unintentionally."

"Inevitably, Reinhardt won't doubt you, so everything you say is true, and he won't wonder what's behind it. Why? Because you're a public figure, a friend."

"Whatever your intentions, you have proceeded unilaterally without discussing important matters with your lord, and for a very long time."

"Reinhardt trusted you, and you suspected he might fall apart."

"As a result, I betrayed Reinhardt's trust."

"I'm not going to get into a debate about whether your handling of this was wrong."

"But you should have talked to Reinhardt about this, you must."

"That's your fault, that's your mistake."

Regardless of your intentions, once you start cheating your lord, there may be a second and third time.

Riana has deceived the monarch herself, so if there are others who are deceiving the monarch for similar reasons, she cannot say anything to them.

Just like that.

If we assume that every follower of Reinhardt has a few things to hide in order to honor Reinhardt.

Reinhard is an incompetent monarch who doesn't know what he's doing. Charlotte stares at Riana, still and speechless.

You may be a friend, but don't approach it from your friend's perspective.

Riana knows that Charlotte's comment wasn't just to confirm that this was up or down.

"The monarch needs your loyalty, not your consideration."

You can be considerate of your friends and keep them from knowing what they need to know.

However, out of respect for the monarch, it would be treasonous to keep him from knowing what he needs to know.

"The issues and responsibilities of good and evil stemming from the state are for the monarch to decide from below, to enforce at will, and not for you to decide for yourself if you want to take them."

"......."

Charlotte's comment that this would make Reinhardt an incompetent monarch.

That intentions never matter, and that the accumulation of these things will only make Reinhardt an enemy.

Riana was at a loss for words.

He had to admit that his choice, for better or worse, was a mistake that would eventually jeopardize the relationship between the gods and Reinhardt's ability as a monarch.

"So, what do you want to say in conclusion, are you trying to get me removed from my position, or are you trying to tell Reinhard that I've cheated and need to be punished?"

Charlotte responds to his words with animosity, but ultimately an acknowledgment of her mistake.

"I didn't know the specifics, but I had a feeling it was something like that. All I'm saying is, there shouldn't be this kind of secrecy in the future, under any pretense."

She didn't say what Riana had been slaughtering survivors up to this point.

Most importantly, he didn't discuss what should have been discussed with the monarch, but went ahead and did it anyway.

I'm just pointing out the problems it will cause.

"I'm going to report this to Reinhardt, but because of his personality, I'm not going to say that he's going to punish you or remove you from your position."

"......."

"And this is my judgment as regent."

Charlotte looks around.

"Until Reinhardt returns and gives me orders, I suggest we suspend the search for survivors at Fort Mokna."

The possibility of getting survivors isn't completely out of the question.

However, securing survivors inevitably leads to the slaughter of some of them.

You may have the option of continuing this search for survivors because you may be able to save some of them.

However, there is also the option of not saving anyone because you might have to kill someone innocent.

No decision is completely right.

It's just a decision.

"So for now, we're going to stop all activity outside of base defense."

Until Reinhardt makes a new determination, Fort Mokna will restrict activity outside of base defense.

That was the new decision of Regent Charlotte de Gradias.

"Are you comfortable with my decision?"

At Charlotte's question, Riana stares at her.

Eventually, Riana was forced to admit her mistake.

"......Yes, let's do that."

Therefore, we had no choice but to accept the regent's judgment.

When she was done, Charlotte stood up, and Harriet stumbled to her feet.

"Hey."

Riana calls out to Charlotte as she turns to leave.

"......?"

"You know I don't like you, right?"

"......."

At Riana's words, Charlotte stares at Riana in silence.

"There's no reason to like me, only reasons to dislike me, and I'm sure they will."

Charlotte could only stare at Riana as if that was all that mattered.

"Doesn't that occur to you?"

"......what?"

Riana bites her lip, her eyes widening.

Before I knew it, Riana's eyes were red and bloodshot.

After a long moment of silence, Riana mumbles something that sounds like vomit.

"I love you. And that you don't deserve to hate the Empire....... That kind of thinking comes from....... don't you?"

"......."

Charlotte looks at Riana, her eyes wide and bloodshot.

Riana is casting her vacant gaze off into the distance.

Hold still.

Riana knows what happened to cause her father's death.

The Empire killed Lyanna's father, Duke Granz, and blamed it on the Devil.

This is because Duke Granz was one of the key figures in the revolutionary forces.

Revolutionary forces could have plunged the entire continent into a vortex of war.

Furthermore, Duke Granz's location was known to be a meeting place for demons.

The revolutionary forces were willing to join hands with the enemies of humanity for the sake of the revolution.

To avoid war.

To avoid countless sacrifices, the Empire killed Duke Granz, even going so far as to disguise it as the work of the Devil.

For this reason, Riana hates the Empire, and she hates all those involved in her father's death.

For that reason, he dislikes Charlotte, an imperial princess.

But now.

Riana does it for Edina's sake.

In the name of avoiding war with the Empire.

In the name of the devil.

Killed innocents.

It was as if Riana had confessed to Charlotte that she hated the empire and was plagued by the idea that she was not worthy of it.

The logic behind the Empire's killing of Duke Granz.

The logic behind Riana's slaughter of the innocents is exactly the same.

The logic is the same: to avoid more sacrifices.

Riana realizes that her hatred is now unjustified.

As if Reinhardt wasn't feeling hopeless enough, Riana was feeling hopeless as well, having done such a terrible thing with her own hands.

"Well......."

A right to hate.

Qualifications to hate.

"I don't know if hate and hatred require qualification."

Hate and dislike happen even when the evidence is weak.

I wonder if it's just a misconception that people actually hate and loathe demons.

"So if you keep hating me, if you keep hating the empire, it's just the way it is, and thinking about whether you deserve it is......."

Charlotte stares at Riana for a moment.

"Worrying about the moral purity of hate and hatred is itself....... something."

Charlotte shakes her head.

"Isn't that too, too arrogant?"

Your previous hatred and dislike may have been morally pure, but now it may be unjustified.

At Charlotte's suggestion that it was arrogant to even think about it, Riana bit her lip.

"You, I don't like you either."

Charlotte smirked at Riana's reaction.

"It would do no good for a regent to be overly friendly with the king's most important people. Not for me, not for you, and not for Reinhardt."

So I'd rather be seen as an asshole and an inconvenience to you, but someone you can't ignore, he added.

"But that doesn't change the fact that you're a much better person than I am."

Those who believed in Reinhardt.

You didn't believe in yourself.

Charlotte knew that she couldn't bridge the gap forever.

With those words, Charlotte left the Fort Mokna command center.





