Episode 481





The power of the regent must be strong.

However, if you get too close to the demon's people, the state will be run without them, and if the regent becomes more trusted, the demon will become less popular.

Charlotte may have control over Edina, but she recognizes the dangers of letting herself get too close to too many important people.

Charlotte believes that she is only the king's substitute, not the king himself.

That's not really what Reinhardt wants.

Of course, Charlotte doesn't think that just because she wants to, she can earn the trust of the Four Heavenly Kings, the Senate, and their leaders any more than Reinhardt can.

The time they've put in is out of Charlotte's hands.

She's wary of such situations, but she doesn't think Olivia or Riana are any more trustworthy than Reinhardt.

However, for them, the regent should be an inconvenience, but one that cannot be ignored.

You can't be too weak and you can't be too strong.

Charlotte was in a position of power.

Just before returning to Razak from Port Mokna.

"Hey guys, I think there's something you should know about......."

"What do I need to know?"

"Yes."

Lucinil also had no choice but to tell Charlotte and Harriet about the grotesque carnage she had seen.

As Charlotte and Harriet listened to the story, they had a vague idea of what Lucinil was talking about.

"Oh, I think that's......."

"Of course......."

"What, do you know what's going on?"

Charlotte thought about it for a moment, and then told Lucinil a short story about what had happened in Razak.

"ah......."

Only then did Rusinil realize what he had seen.

Charlotte's face was emotionless, while Lucyneel and Herriot looked pitiful.

Lucinil thought for a moment, and then let out a long sigh.

"Whatever it is, we're going to have to do something about it."

"We've decided to stop searching for survivors for now."

"No, that's not it."

Lucinil refers to the outskirts of Port Mokna.

"If you're spiritually attuned enough, you can feel it through your skin."

"Listen......?"

At Herriot's question, Rusinil nodded.

"Yeah, ghosts might materialize as the undead, an unexplained curse might fall, or some bizarre kind of recalculation might occur."

Too many deaths have deposited too many spirits in the area, and no one knows how many have died in the meantime.

"I have to do something before it becomes unmanageable."

"If I don't, what happens?"

At Charlotte's question, Rusinil shook her head.

"I don't know."

But the look on his face was serious.

"That's why it's scarier."

Recalculation due to original spirit.

It's a world where wrongful death is everywhere.

No one knew what would happen if they didn't act fast.



* * *



With the teleportation scroll, I can go back to Edina and rest for a few days before returning.

However, the teleportation scroll is not infinite. There's a limit to how far you can travel, so it's not like you can get back to Edina in a single sheet.

A teleportation scroll is something that Herriot can barely create without losing sleep and tinkering for days.

I can't waste it, not even for Heriot's sake. If I run out of scrolls without thinking, he's the one who suffers.

The Sren Mountains were as monstrous as the continent itself.

Furthermore, the mountains are so rugged that the monsters that come through here are nothing like the creatures that roam the wilderness.

The terrain is terrain, and the clumsy can't get in.

I was afraid I might fall asleep and be attacked, so I didn't sleep at all.

Being able to pull an all-nighter.

That in itself made me realize that I had become something transcendent, something different from a normal human being.

I didn't want to be in this situation.

However, a mountain range is a mountain range, no matter how fit I am and no matter how much I can't compare to the average person.

Scrambling over rocky cliffs, up steep ridges, and across mountain ranges that were freezing cold at night, I could only go so fast.

Where the hell is Lizaira?

What's the difference between driving into a mountain range and finding a single village like you're heading into the middle of nowhere and eventually finding a handful of oases in a vast desert?

I wonder if I'm wasting my time.

No, you're right, it's a waste of time.

"Whoa......."

You're standing on a rock on a mountain peak, looking out over an endless range of mountains.

When I saw the mountains, which looked as if the sea had risen and fallen, I knew that the moment I would find Rizaira would never come.

If I had known this, I would have gone with Ellen when she said she was going to her hometown.

I have a warrior's bloodline, I'm Nabal, and I have the bizarre notion that if I spend my childhood running around in these pickling pits, I'll become Erhidorgan Artorius.

I don't think Rizaira would have been destroyed by a monster.

But if Lizaira still exists, how is she dealing with the monster?

It is entirely possible that the people of Rizaira also left in search of a new home.

If that's the case, then I'm literally wandering around the Sren Mountains in vain.

I'm pissed, should I set it on fire? As long as I have a flame of fire, I can burn this entire mountain range to the ground.

Then the monsters that are bothering you will burn up or go somewhere else.

"......."

Of course, if I did that, Ellen's mother would kill me on sight.

I was at a loss for words.

I climb down from the rock, and start walking again.

I'm tired.

I want to sleep.

-Kaahhhhhh!

However, out of nowhere, a flying monster was flying toward me.

"Oh my God."

-Woof!

I grip the summoned Tiamata tightly in my right hand and throw it out.

-shhhhhh! Koo-koo-koo!

Flying toward the flying creature, Tiamata unleashed a torrent of divine power from thin air, blasting it to smithereens.

"Huh."

I make my way down the mountain, leaving the blood of the creature that exploded in the air behind.

Lizaira.

Where the hell is it?



* * *



Three more days passed.

The lack of sleep dulled my sense of time, to the point where I was in a trance-like state where I forgot where I was and what I was doing.

We ran out of all the preserved food we had brought with us, so we hunted animals and ate them.

At least I didn't have to worry about starting a fire thanks to Tuesday's spark.

By the time I got to the point where I couldn't find Lizaira and not know what it was, I had climbed the cliff.

A rocky crevice on a cliff, just big enough for a person to fit through.

I crawled in there and went to sleep.

and so on.

Trusting that my gut will wake me up when I'm near death.

It was irresponsible, but I knew that if I didn't go to sleep, I might die.

I couldn't even tell how much sleep I'd gotten.

I don't know if I slept for hours or days, but the important thing was that I wasn't dead.

I crawled out of the rocks, down the cliff, found a stream, and drank water.

The monster crawled out relentlessly.

None of them were deadly, but they weren't anything to sneeze at either.

Some were small, some were deer, and some were flying.

Those that were too close to the spirit body to be hit by physical strikes were lucky enough to be slashed with a holy weapon.

You don't know how many peaks you've crossed.

I was lost in the middle of the Sren Mountains.

Where the hell is Lizaira, and was Ellen's hometown such a hard place to get into?

Or is it somewhere at the beginning of the Sren Mountains?

But I don't know the direction.

Whether Rizaira is closer to the north, west, south, or east of the Sren Mountains.

So I literally felt like I was looking for Kim Seo in Seoul, and all I could do was look around as I climbed each peak.

I'd fall asleep and have no idea how much time I'd spent on it.

I just wandered through the mountains day and night, slashing, slashing, slashing at monsters.

One such night.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

I tore through the swarming monsters, then slumped on a rock at the top of a mountain, covered in blood.

Isn't it possible that Liza doesn't exist?

So isn't all this bullshit actually a waste of time?

After a few days of slaying monsters, I'm approaching 12,000 achievement points.

I can't reach the master class with achievement points.

-Heyyyyyy!

The gusts of wind from the summit seemed to tear at my face and ears.

His clothes were tattered.

I need to get cleaned up somewhere. I've got laundry to do tomorrow.

I came alone because I thought it would be a waste to bring anyone other than myself, but really, should I have brought anyone else?

Some high peak, unnamed.

I think this is the highest peak I've ever climbed.

I sit down on a rock and stare up at the night sky.

Before I knew it, the full moon was shining brightly.

Ellen's mother.

Luna Artorius.

She made the full moon enlarge as if to move the world, then drew a sword from it.

It was a surreal sight to behold.

I still don't know if it's magic, psychic, or where the hell it comes from.

But.

The name Luna.

I couldn't help but think of the name meaning moon, in front of a full moon.

Where is Lizaira and.

Where is Luna Artorius.

I, really can't find it there?

I'm not Ellen.

How to become a master class in your own right, I don't know.

I'm not Ellen Artorius, so I don't know how to teach myself a master class in enchantment.

So someone needs to tell me.

Grabbing anyone.

Because I don't want to die.

I know it's best to sacrifice my life for the ending, but I don't want to do it.

I need to find it.

Someone who can guide me.

That someone.

I stand still and look up at the moon.

"......Luna."

If you call to the moon, it will come.

If you look at the moon and shout.

If you appeal to the full moon.

"Luna Artorius."

Can I find Liza and Luna Artorius?

I reach for the moon, vaguely.

"Mother."

Frustrated and pissed off.

"Mother!"

Shout.

"Come on out, I'm watching you, I'm watching you, I'm watching you, come on!"

Desperate.

"Mommy, mommy, come out, I know you're watching!"

-MomAhhhhh.......

-Maaaaaaaa.......

Shot.

I'm getting old.

I stood still, listening to the embarrassing echoes of what I had spat echo over the ridge.

What to say.

That moment when you realize you're glad no one heard you.

"......me."

"!"

Suddenly, I heard a voice in the back of my head.

It's a voice you've heard before.

"Why the hell do I have to listen to that?"

Let's look back.

"Mother?"

"So....... Why would I......."

There was a face there, a tired face, a face that was familiar, but not familiar enough.

Luna Artorius.

Again, it was watching me from somewhere.





