Episode 482.





Luna answered my call.

No, I don't think I responded, more like I was provoked.

The wind, which had been blowing like crazy, died down when she appeared.

Luna Artorius looked at me, still as calm as ever.

Full Moon Night.

I eventually found her.

No, she came to me.

"Why am I wandering around at this time of year, in this place, for what?"

Luna Artorius asks, running a hand through her long, dark hair.

"I want to find my mother."

At my words, Luna let out a short sigh.

"Why do I need to hear about your mother?" I said, "Okay, let's leave that aside. So, what do you want to do with me?"

"I want to be strong."

"......."

She stares at me in disbelief at my brazen demand.

What the fuck?

He seemed to read my mind.

Naturally.

Ellen's mom is, of course, Ellen.

Ellen made me strong, so I went to her mom because I thought her mom would make me stronger.

I guess I'm just a weirdo with a big head.

"You don't know what the January Party is. But if you're not a fool, you know that I, and the rest of us, are a group whose principle is to stay out of the affairs of the world. You must have heard me clearly."

"I heard."

"So you see there's no reason for me to help you."

"Then why are you here, I'll just ignore you."

At my words, Luna Artorius stares at me.

Uh.

Hey, look at my mouth popping out.

It's just like Ellen, right?

She tries to take a step forward.

No.

This guy did some weird spatial movement stuff.

Are you sure you want to go?

"No, wait, wait, wait, I did it wrong!"

"......."

At my urging, she suddenly took a step and stopped trying to disappear through space.

"I'm only trying to ignore it because I can. Did you not say."

"Mother, you know I have a way with words."

"Okay, I see that being polite didn't work out so well with your home education."

"I lost my parents at a young age, so home education is not cool......."

Uh.

If you think about it, aren't these things we can't say to each other?

Because my father and Luna's son have been destroyed.

I start to say something, but then stop, and Luna just stares at me.

"......."

You're the one who brought up home education, so if I'm wrong, I'm wrong.

"Hmm....... That was rude, I'm sorry."

She covers her mouth and coughs, mumbling incoherently.

"Anyway, I'm here to let you know that no matter how much you wander around here, you're not going to get me anything. Stop wasting your time."

Luna stares at me in the full moonlight.

"Reinhard, don't try to save what can't be saved. This is all I can tell you."

She can't help me.

So do something worthwhile with your time elsewhere is the only thing Luna can say.

Really, that's all there is to it.

"The gate crisis is almost over."

"......."

"But at the last gate, there's going to be a monster that no one can handle."

"I suppose so. You know strange things, so if you say so, then so be it."

"Does my mother know what happens when you unleash the true power of the Alsbringer....... Do you know?"

"......."

She looked at me and was silent.

The silence was the answer.

"I see."

"Yes, it can project the power of a god into the body of its owner."

Luna knew about Alsbringer's true power.

"But those who dare to invoke the power of the gods into their bodies lose their lives. For no temporal being can handle such power."

Luna stares at me.

"You know that too."

"At this rate, I'm going to have to use the Alsbringer to break the last warp gate."

"What the heck, what does it say at the end?"

"Dragon."

"......."

"An otherworldly dragon will appear."

An unearthly being.

The Otherworldly Dragon was the last enemy I had to face, and the final boss from the original game.



* * *



"If you don't use Alsbringer, you won't be able to take on that monster."

Luna listens to my remarks nonchalantly, then shakes her head.

"But just because you're a handful stronger here doesn't mean you're going to be able to take on a dragon."

"I suppose so."

Just because I'm a master class doesn't mean I'll be able to take on the last monster.

Honestly, unless I get strong enough to summon Als the War God into my body, I don't see that happening.

"But we can't just sit back and wait for a future that can only be achieved by death."

"You make it sound like you're going to do it if you have to."

"......."

"Why should I?"

Luna asks quietly.

"What makes you think you have to save the world at the expense of yourself?"

"The world's business is the world's business."

"The world's business is everybody's business."

"It's everybody's business, it's nobody's business."

"But why do you live as if the affairs of the world were your own?"

"If you don't save the world, why do you live as if it's the end of everything?"

"If you turn away from it, it will not be your fault."

"Why, you live under the compulsion that you must take all the blame."

"The otherworldly dragon, I don't know what it is, but as long as it is life and a monster, it will not be able to destroy the whole world."

"I do not know what the creature is, but it can only destroy what it holds in its eyes. Therefore, there must be a world that is safe for it."

"The world is a big place."

"So why not escape the monster and live your own life?"

"Why."

"Do you take it for granted that you must die for the world?"

"Why."

"As if it were a given, something to live by."

"What the hell, why."

"Dead with my son....... the son of the devil....... you."

"Then......."

"With eyes like my son's back then."

"You have to die for something, or something like that."

"This is how you came to me."

A single tear trickles from the corner of her eye.

I saw.



* * *



It was a rainy day, he said.

Ellen said she had been bad-mouthed by her brother and slapped by her father.

I'm told that was the last time Ellen saw her brother.

So Ellen once told me that she came to hate rainy days.

That day must have been a different memory for Ellen's parents.

It must have been the day he heard his son's determination to kill the demon for the sake of humanity.

Lagan Artorius is gone.

Lagan Artorius would have believed that killing demons was a good thing.

In fact, an ancestral demon I know, Balie, had a goal of creating a world through Akasha and going to a world without humans.

Without knowing each other's situation, wars were fought.

The War of the Demon Kingdoms was fought because people were afraid of each other and didn't want to understand each other.

Regardless of who attacked first, Lagan Artorius died in the fight against the demon.

Therefore, rightly or wrongly, I would be the son of an enemy to Luna.

Luna stares at me as I say the exact same words as her son did in the past, when he was going to die.

She shed a single tear, but showed no more.

She stares at me, not bothering to wipe the tears from her eyes.

Her son is dead.

But the devil's son comes and says the same thing.

But it means something different now.

Why you should die for the world.

Accountability?

A sense of duty?

Now I'm not so sure.

"Honestly, now I don't know, I don't know why I have to do this. I don't know."

"Okay, then......."

"There are people you can turn away from, surely."

I cut her off mid-sentence and jump in.

"It's just, I don't think I can do that, that's all."

I'm responsible for it.

There's also a sense of obligation.

But in the end, when the real me asks why I should, there's only one thing I can say.

You can't turn away from the world, the broken world.

I could look the other way, but I can't.

So, as salvation approaches, which must be accomplished by crowding and eventually death.

I didn't want to die, so I came here looking for other possibilities.

Lagan Artorius would have said he would die for humanity.

However, I told him that I would have to die for humanity and the world as it is, and that I wanted to explore other possibilities.

Luna stares at me, still.

"I don't know what the otherworldly dragon is, but I do know that even if you were stronger here, you'd have a hard time dealing with it."

"I suppose so."

"And yet, I've been climbing mountains for days on end to find even the smallest possibility?"

"Yes."

"......."

We don't know what she is, but it's clear that Luna has no part in this.

I wonder if she can help me.

If I decide to help, what kind of help can I get?

"I don't know if I should be doing this."

However, she didn't seem to hold any ill will toward me for being the son of the devil.

"But you won't be banned from setting foot in Rizaira."

She stares at me.

"Reinhardt."

"It's ......."

"Close your eyes."

At her words, I closed my eyes.

I felt her cold hand rest lightly on my shoulder.

"That's it. Now open your eyes."

I just closed my eyes for a second and opened them.

"......?"

I could see a small village spread out at the bottom of the hillside.



* * *



What is the source of Luna's power?

It's not magical, it's not psychic, it's not divine.

Given her classification as a Master Class, she wields mysterious powers beyond her physical abilities.

A small basin in the middle of the rugged Sren Mountains.

There was a very small town in that basin, maybe about fifty houses at most.

The wooden houses weren't that dilapidated, but they weren't incredibly ornate either.

It was the kind of small-town scene that could be anywhere.

It was nighttime, so no one was out and about.

This is Liza.

"This is....... How is it safe?"

"It's complicated to explain, and even if you understood it, it wouldn't mean anything to you. It's just that people can't find Lizaira anymore."

In the past, anyone would have been able to find Rizaira. But now, no one can find Rizaira unless a villager brings her here.

She stays still and looks up at the full moon.

He stretches his outstretched hand toward the sky and carefully stirs it. As if to manipulate something.

I stood still, watching the slow, graceful motion.

"What did you do?"

She shook her head slightly at my question.

"You'll find out later."

She seemed like the kind of person who never said more than was necessary.

"Follow me, I think you need to get some rest."

She walks quietly ahead.

We finally see what she's wearing.

She was dressed in a dress that could be found anywhere, the kind of dress a country woman would wear; it would be her normal attire.

She said she was the Lord of the Month, so she must be the leader of Rizaira. But otherwise, she seemed no different than any other member of the village.

She took me to a two-story wooden house.

If you think about it.

This is the house that Ellen has lived in since she was a little girl.

You were born and raised in this house.

That thought stirred something in me, a strange stirring.

By the way.

Now me and Ellen are no longer friends, and here I am at her house with no friends.

"What are you doing, not coming in."

"Oh, yeah."

At Luna's urging, who was waiting at the door, I entered Ellen's house.

"Honey, we have a visitor, please come out."

Hearing Luna's voice sent goosebumps all over my body.

What is.

Suddenly, a much different, more relaxed tone.

What is it?

I was almost in cognitive dissonance as I listened to the warmth and affection in his voice, as if his cold, distant tone was gone.

So does this mean that when Ellen gets married, she's going to be equipped with this tone of voice?

Uh.......

Well.

As Luna said that, a man soon appeared.

"......You're Reinhardt."

It's as if he knew I would come to Rizaira.

A handsome man who looks a lot like Ellen, but a little softer and jovial to be exact.

One day, I remember seeing a portrait of Lagan Artorius.

Not surprisingly, it was a man who looked a lot like him.

He approached me slowly, and Luna took a step to the side, away from me.

Luna didn't seem to feel any hatred for me, the son of a demon.

But Ellen's father might have a different opinion.

However, he offered me his hand with a thin smile.

"This is Ronan Artorius."

Unlike Ellen's mother, his grip is large, thick, and firm. He smirks at me.





