Episode 483.





"The beast that slept in the barn probably stinks less than you do, so go wash up.

Following Luna's lead, I walked into the bathroom.

I have to agree, I haven't washed in a long time and have been covered in monster blood on several occasions.

The bathroom was filled with a huge barrel of water, and the sound of burning firewood could be heard outside.

What to say.

It was a strange feeling to see people using surreal powers and living in a deliberately primitive way.

Ellen didn't know anything about her village.

So a monthly salary is for grown-ups, even in this town.

When I think about it, it doesn't seem so strange to live this way.

I wonder if they'll learn the town's secrets when they're older, after they've reached adulthood.

You're just soaking in hot water.

-Is the water okay.

I couldn't help but jump at the sound of a gravelly voice from beyond the wall.

Ellen's father.

It was Ronan's voice.

"Ah....... Yes. Thank you."

What is.

It's like a boyfriend showing up at his girlfriend's house without her, and it's so weird and bizarre.

What is it with this feeling of being taken care of so well that I feel like I don't know what to do with myself?

And even now, I'm not like Ellen and I'm not like Nabal and I'm not like that at all.

But.......

You know your dad.

Actually, I have a flame, so I'm not sure if you've ever seen a fire like this before....... Actually, if I want to do it, I can do it alone.......

If I say this....... Am I gonna get in trouble?

Let's just shut up.

Rub the dried crusts on your face and hair and wash them off.

I wonder if I've had a proper rest in a few days.

"Whoa......."

With the realization that I was in a safe place for the first time in a very long time, I felt a tight cord of tension loosen.

I wandered through the mountains for a long time without a proper break.

Eventually, Ellen's mother, who was even worse, found me and we made it to Rizaira.

It was a long, tedious, and very dangerous day.

We're finally in a safe place.

In the hot water, I couldn't help but feel a strong sense of exhaustion.

Whatever it is, get some rest in a proper bed.

Now that we've accomplished our primary goal, we can think about what comes next.

-Smart

-Reinhardt.

"Oh, that. Yes!"

There was a knock on the door from beyond the bathroom door, and I reflexively answered it in anger.

Just now it was Ronan, and now it's Luna.

-I left my clothes at the door. change clothes.

"Ah....... Yes, thank you."

What to say.

At first, I was like, "Oh, my God," and then I was like, "Oh, my God," and then I was like, "Oh, my God," and then I was like, "Oh, my God.

This is this situation.

This is ridiculously uncomfortable.......



* * *



Just as Luna knew what I was going through, Ronan seemed to know that I was lost.

I washed up, changed into the clothes Ellen's mother had laid out for me, and went out into the living room.

I could hear Luna doing something in the kitchen.

Are you going to give me food or something?

To me, Luna Artorius was stronger than Xavier Tana.

It seemed bizarre to me that such a person would be in such a normal household, cooking for a late guest.

Ellen's father sat across from her, looking on.

"......."

Or, to be more precise, it seemed to be looking at the clothes I was wearing.

Speaking of which.

Ellen's father was quite a large man.

I'm not a short guy either, but he's a lot bigger than me, and a little bit out of shape.

The clothes I was wearing were obviously men's, and not something Ronan would wear.

It can't be Ellen's clothes.

So, you don't have to ask who it belongs to.

I am now wearing the clothes that Lagan Artorius wore.

Which is why Ronan Artorius is standing in front of me, staring at me and my clothes with a look that is hard to describe.

What a bizarre situation.

Technically, I'm in the home of the parents of the warrior who killed my father, being served a meal in the same clothes he wore when he was alive.

They came for me, too.

And this man and woman who took me in.

They'll be the ones who are far from the top.

"Reinhardt."

"Yes."

"Have you seen Ellen since the gate incident?"

The question took my breath away.

I did.

I even ran into one.

We didn't have a real conversation, but we did talk to each other.

Ronan must have read something in my expression, because he nodded.

"I guess that wasn't such a good reunion."

"......Yes."

My relationship and situation with Ellen.

Ronaldo Luna seemed to know what we were in for.



* * *



Ellen once said.

My mom used to make beef stew at home.

Whether you're good at cooking or not, there's a limit to what you can do in a mountain village like this. You're not going to have as many ingredients as you need.

I wonder where the beef came from, but apparently Ellen's mom made beef stew.

Interestingly, it tasted like nothing Ellen's mother had ever made before.

"......."

I take a bite of stew and pause. Luna stares at me.

Someone who's obviously an Ellen family member, or, more accurately, Ellen's a Lunagua family member, but whatever.

The sneaky pouty attribute, was it here too?

"This is delicious....... It's delicious, really."

Luna's face was still frowning at my words.

"It might not be to your taste, because you've always eaten food made with the best ingredients and spices."

Technically, there's nothing wrong with that.

I was in the Temple Royal class, which has the best environment in the empire, and after that I played king in Edina.

The quality of the food has never been an issue.

No, but it doesn't taste bad.

"Oh, no, not that novelty. No, not the novelty, the first time I've ever tasted it....... I'm not saying it's bad. It's just delicious, yeah."

I was actually a little surprised by the flavor, but it wasn't unpalatable.

I'm not going to put in spices that are popular in this environment, I'm going to put in wild herbs and things that are edible.

So it's a unique flavor, but that doesn't mean it's bad.

But Luna's sarcasm was clearly already spoiled by my pause.

Her eyes narrow, and her gaze drifts to the window.

"Oh, well, your picky eating habits are unavoidable. I'm sorry, but this is the only food I can prepare."

This person.

Entitled in the Strangest Places!

"Uh huh honey, what does a city girl know?"

"Sure, whatever."

Ronan gently pats Luna's sulking shoulder.

Why.

Why.

Is this what my friend's parents look like?

Oh, so I came to you directly?



* * *



After finishing my meal, I headed upstairs.

The second floor had three rooms.

One was a storeroom, and it was immediately obvious what the other two rooms were.

One will be Lagan Artorius' room, and the other will be Ellen's room.

"This is Ellen's room. Rest here."

"It's ......."

I put the futon Luna handed me on Ellen's wooden bed.

"......."

I don't know how Lagan's room has been preserved, but Ellen's room wasn't much better.

Of course, the room has been empty ever since Ellen went to the Temple, and ever since the Gate incident.

Unsurprisingly, there were no traces of Ellen or her body odor.

But it's been Ellen's room for a long time.

This is where he would have spent his childhood, before coming to the Temple.

There were no fancy trinkets or accessories in the room. Of course, she could have cleaned it out, but it wouldn't have been in her character.

Desks, dressers, and beds.

A few worn wooden swords hung on the wall.

The room was overly decorative, which was typical of Ellen's personality. It probably didn't look much different than it did when she actually lived there.

My dorm room was pretty bare except for the bare minimum.

And it was the same for me.

When I think about it, Ellen and I have a lot in common.

Or that you have no interest in decorating your room.

Like if you play today, you're going to get in trouble, or you're going to spend all day practicing.

Other than that, I don't really have any personal hobbies.

"......."

It makes me feel weird.

Because you can't feel any trace of Ellen in her room.

I naturally think about what Ellen was like.

How will Ellen react when she finds out that I've dropped in on Lizaira unannounced?

I've been wondering about that, too.

Of course, I know best that I'm not in a position to do that.

I want everything I lost back to the way it was.

Even though I know it's a long shot.

So, first of all, you have to not die to do that.

To avoid dying in the final fight, when you might one day be fighting Ellen.

I'm doing the bizarre thing of seeking out the parents of the person I may one day have to fight.

I don't know what the heck I'm going to get out of this.

Once there, I succeeded in getting to Rizaira.



* * *



The next day, morning.

When I opened the window, I was greeted by the morning sun and a view of Rizaira.

No, it wasn't morning, it was almost noon, judging by the sun.

It was a cozy scene.

A peaceful landscape so untouched, it could go on like this for hundreds of years.

I could see villagers coming and going, and the occasional child.

Despite the small number of households, the inhabitants were living in peace.

"He slept through the night."

"Yes?"

"He must have been tired, so that could be it."

Luna's words made me realize that my accumulated fatigue was not normal.

"I've told the villagers that you're here, so they won't be surprised to see you."

"Oh....... Yeah."

"To explore the town, but also to get to know the people."

Somehow.

He seemed to assume I'd been here for quite some time.



* * *



Rizaira is a closed village, and that's the way it should be.

Such a town would inevitably be wary of strangers.

But the people of Rizaira were having none of it.

"You say you're a friend of Ellen's? Her name is Line......."

"This is Reinhardt."

"Yes, Reinhard. Make yourself at home."

Ellen's friends.

Luna Artorius had apparently told the townspeople that a visitor with such a name would be staying in Lizaira for a while.

Naturally, I was the only stranger in town, so passersby, young and old, came up to me and said a few words.

"A friend of Ellen's? Hehe....... I wonder how Ellen is doing."

"How's your sister Ellen?"

"Is that Ellen's boyfriend?"

"Gee, this one looks like a real one."

"A....... Ellen must be having a hard time out there......."

"Why didn't you come with Ellen?"

No one was a jerk, and everyone was friendly.

Through the reactions of the children and the adults, I could see the truth of Rizaira.

They don't realize that the world outside is a mess.

On the other hand, I've seen adults who know what's going on darken a bit when Ellen's story comes up.

There was no need for them to know that the world outside was in shambles and people were dying in droves, so they were taking it easy.

My age.

That is, people who appear to be friends of Ellen's.

"Hi, you said you were Ellen's friend. I'm Lena."

"Uh....... Hi."

"You have to tell me your name, right?"

"Reinhardt."

"Yes, Reinhard. Nice to meet you."

She had short brown hair and a cheerful demeanor. She studied my face for a while, curious to see a stranger in this rural town.

"It's called Arta."

In contrast, a slightly blunt-looking man walked up to me and held out his hand.

"It's not making sense out there."

"What....... That's right."

Ellen's friends were probably in their twenties, so they had some idea of what was going on in the world, even if they didn't know it.

As I walked around Rizaira, talking to people one by one, I had only one thought.

I don't have time for this.

I didn't come to Lizaira to play.

She's not here to greet each and every member of the village, she's here to be taught by Ellen's mother or father.

I shouldn't be wasting my time like this.

For now, I'm doing what Luna Artorius told me to do, exploring the town and meeting people.

However, even at this hour, people are dying.

Charlotte has taken over Edina's job, but she doesn't know if it's really working.

I don't have time to waste like this.

In the peace of Rizaira, I fretted at the thought of the outside world without this peace.

In the distance, I could see a group of people descending from the foothills of the basin.

Someone was carrying something over their shoulder, and in the foreground was Ronan Artorius, descending with a sizable boar slung over his shoulder.

You've been on a group hunt.

Somehow.

This place that has nothing to do with the affairs of the world.

In the midst of people going about their normal lives.

I felt a certain cruelty.





