Episode 486.





The fact that Riza is a place with normal people, aside from Luna, was overturned when I saw Arta.

It couldn't have been an ordinary village with a kid my age who was that skilled at enchantment.

That night.

"Arta told me what my problem was today."

At dinner with Ellen's parents, I brought it up.

"What did you hear?"

Ronan, Ellen's father, asked, and I dipped my bread in the stew and took a bite.

"They said my enchantments were too inefficient."

"I see."

Ronan nodded, and Luna ate her dinner in silence.

Overly emotional.

I wonder if he could have said it more bluntly, like Arta did. It would have been better to be more precise than to delay.

Are they expecting me to figure it all out on my own?

That way, it takes too much time.

I knew my anxiety was eating me alive, but I couldn't let it go.

"Reinhardt."

Ronan calls out to me.

"Yes."

He sets the bread down on the plate and holds up his index finger.

"The magic in your body is the fire in your heart."

"It's ......."

I kind of understood the analogy.

From Ronan's index finger, blue energy begins to smolder.

Just as Luna was no ordinary person, Ronan was no ordinary person.

"Do you think the spark of the mind is stamped on the heart or on the flame?"

"It would be mind......."

"Oh, yeah, you know."

The blue energy at the tip of Ronan's index finger soon began to flare into a tiny candle-like flame.

"If your heart is still, the flame of your heart will also be still."

The flame from his fingers suddenly grows huge and begins to roil.

"If your mind is confused, so will be the flame of your heart."

The fiery sparks of magic, which seemed to be tearing through the air, were actually making the air in the living room shake.

"If your heart is dark."

First.

The azure mana begins to flicker with a distant dark glow, as if its nature has been fundamentally altered.

"The flame of your heart reacts to your dark side, and this is what you may become."

-currr

"However."

The black flames on Ronan's fingertips dissipate, and he is once again filled with blue, pure magic.

"And your mind is not confused."

"Not even dark."

"Without being swayed by any of the emotions that cloud your mind."

"Beyond the stillness."

"Beyond Serenity."

"If you advance to the stage of what is called lucidity or immobility."

"If, above all else, you have a firm and strong heart, peace of mind, tranquility, and assurance without a shred of doubt."

"What shall become of the flame of the heart?"

The flame rising from his index finger was no longer smoke or flame.

"If the flame of your heart no longer flickers, what will it be?"

The magic at his fingertips didn't waver, didn't flicker.

A straight line of magic power.

Extending from the tip of your index finger, it grows longer and longer, and soon takes on a single shape rather than a series of jagged lines.

A flame with a shape.

A flame that no longer wavers.

In other words, it takes on a shape similar to matter.

Intangible Sword.

A sword forged from the heart.

Ronan Artorius summons an aura sword, and cuts the bread with the blade that extends from his fingertips.

"The moment when the flame in your heart can no longer be a flame."

"......."

"You, you will get what you want."

-Tak!

After Ronan finished speaking, he tried to cut the bread with his Auror Sword, but it cut through to the plate.

"......."

"...... Hello?"

Luna glares at Ronan.

Ronan swallowed hard and turned to look at Luna.

"That, that....... you know......."

"I need to talk to you for a minute."

"Oh, no. Honey......."

"Follow me."

"Yes......."

Luna grabbed Ronan's arm and dragged him away, leaving him blue in the face.

Luna is Luna, by the way.

This is probably a no-brainer.

Ronan Artorius was no ordinary man.



* * *



The magic in your body is the flame of your heart.

As the mind is fluid, so is the energy that flows from it.

But if the mind is no longer shaken, then the magic that is the spark of the mind is no longer shaken.

It didn't change the fact that it was the first thing I needed to do now.

After Ronan staggered into the master bedroom, looking like he'd heard a lot of noise outside, Luna turned to me and said, "I'm sorry.

"Let's go for a walk."

"Oh, yeah."

In fact, it's been some time since I've been in Rizaira, and I haven't talked much to either Luna or Ronan.

Rizaira is not a place where people go out at night. Night in the mountains comes early, and life here tends to start at dawn and end sometime after noon.

Whatever the reality of Rizaira, the village's way of life was not much different from that of the countryside.

Luna walks still beside me.

"Do you remember the last time you cried?"

I felt a little hot under the collar at her out-of-the-blue question.

Why am I even asking this?

"I don't know......."

Have I ever cried?

I honestly don't remember. I probably didn't cry.

"I don't know, I don't think I've ever cried....... before."

Luna asks as they walk through town.

"So, when do you feel like you should cry?"

"......."

Have you ever cried, but felt like you should?

As I thought about it, I felt my breath catch in my throat.

I have failed at many things, and I am failing. I was trying to find some success in the midst of my failures.

Did you have a moment where you felt like you had to cry?

Luna stops walking and looks at me.

"Every day is one of those days."

"......."

"Right?"

For the first time in my life, someone's words felt like a punch to the heart.

She puts her hand still on my cheek.

"If you can't cry when you need to cry, those tears will sit in your heart and rot."

"Reinhardt."

"I can't cry when I need to cry. Every day is a day to cry."

"So."

"You don't realize that you've lived through all those days and ended up with a broken heart."

To put up with something.

To hold back the tears.

It's only making me sick, I say, looking at Luna.

"Nothing can be solved by crying."

Why didn't I ever feel like crying.

If I could have solved and resolved something by crying, I would have done so.

Tears are just tears.

There's a limit to the amount of grief that can be poured out and relieved with it.

It's just a reminder of how miserable and painful you are.

It's just to see how sick I am.

So I didn't cry.

I didn't think tears would solve anything.

Moving forward was the only thing I thought I had to do, and that's how I got this far.

"If having an unshakable heart is what it takes for me to take the next step, then maybe I don't need to cry more or spill what I'm thinking."

If what Ronan Artorius said is what I need, then I don't need tears anymore.

At my words, Luna shook her head.

"You misunderstood what Ronan said."

"......."

"The absence of a mind is not the same as an unshakable heart."

Mindlessness isn't immobility, it's indifference.

"......."

"I'm not suggesting you throw those feelings away."

Luna stares into my eyes.

"I can read despair, fear, abyss, and guilt in you."

"Something that should nevertheless be unshakable."

"A clear mind in the face of those emotions."

"Isn't that the mindset you should have?"

"I told you a dreaded battle was ahead."

"It will, inevitably, cause greater fear and dread than the anxiety and nervousness of the present."

"If you can't defeat nervousness and anxiety in the here and now and have an immovable mind, you won't be able to do the same later in the fight."

I wonder if she kept leaving me alone to stir up my nerves and anxiety.

If you can't use your strength in the face of anxiety now, you won't be able to use it in the face of a bigger crisis later.

It's like you're being pre-trained.

Maybe that's why they left me alone.

"You're anxious. You'll be nervous. Your mind will be racing."

"Nevertheless, it must be unwavering."

The nervousness and anxiety I'm feeling right now is irrelevant.

In later battles, I have to face even greater horrors and fears.

What you can't do now because of anxiety and nervousness, you can't do later.

So now, in Rizaira, I'm not looking to castrate fear, but to find a mind that overcomes fear.

"And also."

Luna drops her hand from my cheek and smiles.

"Tears won't solve anything, but I want you to know that's why they're necessary."

Tears don't solve anything. That's why it's important.

I think I used to know what that meant.

The person I am now and the person I used to be are so different, I couldn't understand what Luna was talking about.

"I believe that the things that people don't need the most are actually the things that people need the most, and that's what makes them human."

"I'm not sure what you mean....... I'm not sure."

"Oh no, you forgot."

Luna smiles.

"That we've been talking about the mind."

Humans don't necessarily have to have minds.

But a person without a heart can't be a person.

I didn't understand what she was saying, but I couldn't deny it.



* * *



In the end, I have to overcome my nerves, anxiety, and fear.

If you're stuck with a problem you don't have the answers to, you're only going to feel more anxious.

Rather, I realized that sitting on my ass with an unanswered question was only going to make it worse.

So, I felt the need to move away from it a bit.

I need to distance myself from all the problems in my head.

The more urgent you are, the more urgent I am.

You need to clear your head.

I talked to Luna and Ronan quite a bit, but nothing really changed.

Still, Luna and Lorna neglected me. They hinted, but didn't look.

But once I got to know Luna and Ronan a little better, I realized that it was asking too much for them to see me.

Life was busy in Sanchon.

Life in a mountain village begins before the sun rises.

Ronan had been out hunting since dawn, leading the villagers, and there was no telling when he would return. Luna woke up even earlier than Ronan because she had to get him up and somehow get him fed and out the door.

Those who remained in the village were up at dawn to work the fields, and that included Luna.

After noon, it wasn't just those who remained in the village who were busy, doing laundry or chopping wood.

When they returned from their hunt, they would gather together to skin and dry the animals they had killed, smoke the meat for preservation, or make sausage.

It was calm, but everyone was having a jam-packed day.

I'm nervous and anxious, but I'm human, so I had to say it.

"I....... mom."

"Huh?"

"I should probably do something, is there anything I can do......."

Be a guest for a day or two.

After almost twenty days of not helping, my conscience was pricked like a bean and I couldn't stand it.

I'd love to be a king in Edina, thinking I'm the destiny of the world, and then do some crazy shit like helping out in a mountain village.

I just wanted to get out of that painful feeling of people not noticing me and then noticing me even more.

"You're asking too soon."

Luna smirked and handed her a water jellyfish.

"Fill it with water. Full."

I thought, what the heck am I doing here?





