Episode 487.





Even when I tried to help out, I didn't know how to do things like trim or tan leather, so I just did things that required manual labor.

So even if I did help out, I couldn't do it all day.

Helping out at work didn't mean I let go of my personal training altogether.

I don't know what immobility is, but unlike the previous enchantments, I tried to do it with the feeling that I was trying to control the flow of energy instead of letting it out.

But it wasn't necessarily personal training.

Lena and Arta always came to watch me do it.

"Are you an adolescent?"

"......."

I've mostly forgotten about it nowadays, but hearing Arta say that stirred up some emotions in me that I hadn't realized were there.

Do you have any idea how old I actually am, asshole?

I was going to say something like that, but then it slipped out.

Still, it's puberty.

I'm way past puberty as it is!

Arta giggled at my expression.

"No, why are you so angry, because it's not going to happen."

"Doesn't it look like a lot or now?"

Man, at first I thought it was a dumbass property, but it's not.

You're constantly throwing out one-liners to piss people off.

Of course, if you really stick around, I can stomp on you, but it's not like this is Temple time.

It's not like they're actually watching me and telling me what to do, so it's not like they're pissing me off.

In fact, I've been called an adolescent for not realizing that the wild flames of my enchantments were responding to my emotions.

"Don't try to control it by unleashing all your magic. You're not capable of that yet. You need to start with small, moderate power boosts to get used to having full control over it, and then increase the total amount."

"Shit, I know that."

"If they know, why aren't they doing it?"

"That's how I ended up at......!"

I was about to shout nervously, but shut my mouth.

I know that taking small steps is the best we can do for now.

But that doesn't mean I'm going to be able to take full control of all my mighty powers at any given time.

In the end, you can't let go of your nerves.

Arta nudges Lena as I try to pull away, and she says, "I'm sorry.

"Isn't that right, he's got a lot of anger?"

"You stop scratching Reinhardt!"

-Bang!

"Billion!"

Eventually, Lena got angry.



* * *



"I am calm."

"I get peace of mind."

"I am calm."

"I get peace of mind......."

"I am still."

Arta's complexion turned white as I sat still in the clearing, muttering those words in a daze.

"......Look, I'm sorry. That was too harsh."

Arta apologized profusely, apparently thinking I had lost my mind and was talking nonsense.

No.

I'm just trying to see if I can force myself to have peace of mind through a combination of self-suggestion and verbalization. I'm not crazy.

"Don't you think you should take a break......?"

Lena must have thought my behavior was a display of madness, too, because she turned blue in the face.

Yes.

I couldn't deny that telling myself to stay calm was driving me insane.



* * *



Lena and Arta took me to the outskirts of Rizaira to get some rest.

-shoot

I couldn't help but stare in disbelief at the size of the waterfall, as I hadn't expected to find one of this magnitude in a place like this.

At the bottom of the valley, villagers were washing clothes and children were swimming in a deep ravine with a cascading waterfall.

Come to think of it, it's summer.

It's not that I didn't know, but I realized that I was barely aware of the seasons.

"Why don't you go inside?"

"No, not really."

I declined Arta's invitation.

"You don't like swimming?"

"I hate kids."

"ah......."

At my answer, Lena nodded, slightly exasperated.

-Die!

-Ah, stop it!

I figured it wouldn't be as annoying to have them clinging to me while swimming in the ravine, mixed in with the other kids.

I remember following Olivia to daycare.

I remember how the kids clung to me even then, and how Olivia laughed at me like it was funny.

Those kids.

What would have happened.

"......."

Everything that had happened in the ecliptic only made me feel more hopeless the more I thought about it.

Arta clicked her tongue at my comment about not liking kids.

"She seems to be the polar opposite of Ellen, but there are similarities, don't you think?"

"Hmm....... Maybe?"

"Did Ellen hate kids too?"

At my question, Lena brings her hand to her lips and shakes her head.

"Difficult rather than disliked?"

I hadn't expected her to be so bubbly in her home town, but I wondered if she'd adopted the same ditzy attitude here.

Arta stares at the children as they scurry away.

"He didn't used to be like that, he'd play with the kids, he wouldn't say much, but he'd hang out with us, he'd play with the kids, he'd hang out with the kids, but since Ragan left, he's been like that."

"Is that......."

After Lagan Artorius left, Ellen changed.

I tried to think about what Ellen's past self might have been like, but I wasn't sure what it would be like.

I don't think that's the Ellen I know, the one who's always giggling and running around.

In hindsight, that wouldn't be a bad look.

As a child, Ellen would have played in this ravine with her children, splashing around like that.

The water looked pretty deep, too.

As it turns out, Ellen was a really good swimmer.

When you play in a place like this from a young age, swimming skills come naturally.

Suddenly, I realized where Ellen's swimming skills came from.

"I don't know about you, but you think too much."

Arta said.

"Do you see that?"

"Uh."

"Yes."

In response to my question, both Lena and Arta nodded at the same time.

"Because I don't know what you want or what you're actually doing?"

"......Yes."

"If something doesn't work, just pretend you're here to relax."

"Rest?"

Arta stares at me.

"Yeah, well, if you can't do it and I can't do it, you should take a break. If you can't take a break, you're an asshole."

"Yes, Reinhard, I think you should take a break, you don't look like you can afford it."

Neither of them knows that I am a demon, or that I am the ruler of a country called Edina.

But I was still feeling my anxiety and nervousness, which meant that my behavior was not relaxed at all.

Rest.

Just resting without thinking.

I wonder if that's possible for me.

I feel like I'm spending my days here getting nothing out of it, and I feel guilty about it because it's not giving me anything.

But I couldn't deny Arta's point about not being able to rest.

I've been running non-stop for two years, I've seen more cruelty than necessary, I've made cruel decisions, and I've been forced to make hard choices.

What's the difference when you take a break?

How long must I rest before peace comes to this chaotic mind?

I don't know.

-Crack!

-Dwell!

-Ah, stop it! Stop it!

I look at the kids playing in the water without a care in the world.

-shootaaaaa

And then I look at the giant waterfall.

Rest.

I don't know about resting.

It made me want to do something crazy.

Do something you would never normally do.

What you can do in this place, in this moment.

"Swimming?"

"No."

I began to duck under the waterfall.

Naked, without any enchantments.

Lena and Arta start looking at me like I'm crazy when I suddenly stand at the base of the waterfall.

-Shoot!

-What are you doing?

-Brother! What are you doing?

The kids started looking at me like I was some kind of freak.

I did it because it reminded me of the cliché of the Taoists having some kind of epiphany while doing this.

Of course, there was no epiphany, just an excruciating pain in the scalp.

It hurt like my body was going to shatter from being hit by a waterfall without any enchantments.

Oddly enough, the physical pain somewhat distracted me from my mind-bending anguish.

Since then, I've been sitting under waterfalls and practicing zazen when I have time.



* * *



I know enough to know that zazen under a rushing waterfall won't make me fresh.

On the contrary, it's a big deal if I become a god. I'm hoping there's something I can do in this life, so it's a big deal if I have a flash of enlightenment and I'm off to ascension.

I don't know anything about austerities, nor do I know what they mean.

However, I did get that feeling that the physical pain diluted the mental anguish to some extent.

It's not a religious or belief-based practice, it's just a physical practice.

I'm facing a huge waterfall, bare-chested, with no enchantments, and I'm doing it all day long, and afterwards my whole body is sore and I can't even move properly.

If I went back and collapsed in that state, I could pass out without even thinking about it.

"......What are you doing soaking wet these days?"

"I'm polishing the tao."

"......?"

It was pretty funny to watch Luna get flustered by my words.

It was quite painful to take that kind of pain without protecting my body with magic.

But the funny thing is, my physical abilities had already surpassed his.

No matter how hard I tried, no matter how many times I fell asleep in agony, my body would wake up the next day as it always did, except for a little soreness.

It's impossible for me to not think about anything in my current state.

So we treat our bodies harshly, making them incapable of caring about anything outside of themselves.

It's a simple trick, but it works.

It wasn't like I couldn't think about it, but with the water hitting my body, I had some idea of what it was like to be in a state of no-mind.

Honestly, we don't need all those fancy words.

It just hurts and hurts and hurts, and I can't think of anything else.

There was also a funny one.

"I made fun of you for being a teenager, what kind of ascetic are you?"

The same Arta who was making fun of me at first, is now sitting next to me and we've been through a waterfall together.

"Hmmm....... Should I try that?"

Even Lena sneaked into the waterfall when Arta asked if she could try it.

"Boom!"

"Hey, you, why are you here!"

Lena screamed as she ran, sick as she was, but also half naked in the rushing water.

Blushing, Lena pulled up her clothes and headed back to the village.

Arta was beside me, her lips quivering.

I don't know if it's obvious, but I can't help but notice that Arta has a crush on Lena.

I was sitting under a waterfall with Arta.

"I was born and raised here, and you're the first outsider to do this!"

"Who would do such a bizarre thing?"

"I do realize that's bizarre!"

Arta giggles and gets hit with a waterfall.

Since it was summer, the kids were always in the valley, and their older siblings were doing the waterfall trick, so the kids were intrigued and would sneak up on them to try it.

Most of the time, when a waterfall falls on their heads, they scramble out, but there are some who grit their teeth and hold on.

"Dude, you think this is funny?!"

An unnamed village boy looked at me and exclaimed.

"Wouldn't that be fun!"

"Then why do it?"

"I don't know!"

Why do something that's not fun and hurts?

They asked me, and I couldn't figure out why.

However.

Every time the waterfall pounded my head and body.

I could clearly feel the grime peeling off my mind with the impact.

-Shoot!

The sound of the raging waterfall rattled my eardrums.

My mind was getting quieter and quieter.

I was definitely aware of that loud silence, the sound of water rushing through the world.

Enchantment is power for combat.

I awakened my enchantment during my fight with Oscar de Gradias.

The superpower of self-suggestion.

Power of Enchantment.

The power of words.

All of my awakenings have been in the fight.

If you think about it, that's a pretty far cry from universal.

I can't deny that I've been given that power because of the inevitability of my actions.

Under normal circumstances, I should have been seriously injured or dead, but I moved on to the next step.

It was, after all, a foul or something.

A yoga master teacher who is no longer with us.

The teacher must have been pretty good, too, because he was doing his part to combat Gate.

My yoga master teacher's classes were basically hypnotic.

Inhale.

Exhale.

Inhale.

Exhale.

And before you know it, we're all asleep.

And when you wake up, you wake up with an unexplained exhilaration.

Since then, after realizing the power of enchantment, Ellen and I have been taking special classes.

A yoga master didn't teach mana enhancement as a way to fight; he taught how to control the mind, the flow of mana.

Enchantment is a combat-specific power that greatly increases your physical output.

But is it really just for combat?

My yoga master teacher seemed to approach things like energizing and circulating chi as if it were a way of cultivating the mind.

Luna and Ronan do the same, and so does Arta.

They didn't discuss the power or sophistication of disenchantment, but seemed to think it was a matter of the heart.

Emphasize meaning over power.

It's not a power that enhances combat power, it's a kind of psychology that manifests itself in the way that strength of mind is strength of heart, and sophistication of mind is strength of body.

I didn't have a strong heart.

I just had to put up with it, and put up with it, and put up with it.

A broken mind actually affects the physical body.

A breakdown of the mind can lead to a loss of control over the body: tears, hyperventilation, tingling in the hands and feet.

Of course, the reverse is also possible.

The mind and body are reciprocal.

Just as I forget the anguish of the mind to some extent through the pain of the body is an example of this.

If yes.

Can there be a vice versa.

Just as a person who is sick in mind is actually sick in body.

Of those whose minds are steadfast, if the steadfastness of their minds affects their bodies.

Can a strong mind be translated into actual strength?

-curl

The sound of the rushing waterfall hits my entire body with the intensity of an almost thunderstorm.

So far, I've been fighting my way through everything.

So, I've been thinking that if I use the enchantment furiously, emptying, filling, emptying, filling, and so on, it might work.

However, I was technically on an apostolic path.

Awakening to power in the midst of battle is not something that happens naturally.

It's happened so often that I've come to think of it as a natural progression, a way of awakening to power.

Because so did Ellen, who is my goal and direction.

I was also stuck in the mindset that enchantment was a tool, a way of fighting.

Enchantment.

A method of enhancing physical abilities by channeling magical energy into the body.

But this wasn't the way to approach the problem.

You can approach disenchantment instrumentally, but you don't have to.

As a yoga master teacher would say.

As Luna and Ronan said.

As Arta said.

It is a tao, a law that allows the mind and spirit to influence the body through the medium of magic.

So, it's a matter of heart and mind.

For some time now, I've been suppressing things rather than expressing them, pushing forward, suppressing a lot of worries and anguish.

Think about it after it's all said and done.

After everything is resolved, let's grieve.

Next.

To the next moment.

As I piled on the procrastination, my mind became muddled, and pent-up emotions were left to fester unexpressed.

The chaotic mind becomes a flame of chaotic mana, only to be unleashed with fury.

The only reason my body was able to withstand it was because I was unusually strong.

I was just hitting an overly powerful frame with unrefined brute force, and it was a strange thing to hold on to.

I couldn't quite compose myself.

It was just a flood of powerful magic hitting the body.

Therefore, my body was not being used properly either.

Problems with the mind were boiling down to problems with the management of magic, which in turn were boiling down to problems with the management of the body.

It's time to abandon the apostle.

I am a giant tree with rotten insides.

A giant tree that looks huge at first glance, but can't grow any bigger because it's rotten and dead inside.

That's why it's a monster.

I don't know how to let go of this pain and despair. No, I don't even know if it's okay to let it go.

But I know I was just being patient.

It wasn't putting up with it, it was turning away.

I was blocking everything out by telling myself not to think about it yet.

So it wasn't that I didn't want to think about the unanswered questions, it was that I didn't want to think about them.

I still don't have the confidence to face them head-on, but just knowing what they are gives me hope that things can get better.

The pain is gone.

I don't get a blue glow all over me.

But I didn't feel the pain of the water hitting me, as the magic coursed through my body, strengthening my flesh.

A pure heart.

Chaste Enchantment.

I was able to take that first step.

It's a good first step, but it's not the end of the story.

Next, we need to go to

to the next step.

I.

You can go to





