Episode 489.





I have too many thoughts.

Arta, on the other hand, has no thoughts.

Arta nodded, somewhat in agreement, when I told him that this was why there was such a difference.

"Technically, I don't think about it much, not that I'm stupid."

"No. You're honestly kind of an idiot."

"Les, Lena....... Why am I an idiot?"

"Did you forget that time you were playing hide-and-seek with Ellen and you were hanging off a cliff and you fell and broke your leg?"

"Oh, no, when are we going to talk about......!"

That's not stupid, that's crazy.

She barely managed to squeeze out the words. Arta blanched at the sudden blackness.

"No......! That's because you wanted to win something because Ellen would win if you played anything......!"

"So you're an idiot, and you might actually be dead if Ellen hadn't found you falling off the cliff, and technically, you wanted to win, so you dangled yourself off the cliff, and she found you, so you didn't win."

"......."

Rizaira's little ones were a spectacle to watch.

It's like a kid gritting his teeth and hanging on to a cliff to try and win, or Ellen gritting her teeth and looking for it.

"Anyway, I can't tell you the number of accidents Arta's gotten into over the years, mostly when she's trying to win Ellen over."

"The old story is....... Enough......."

"You know what happened before?"

Lena was so excited to talk that she started rambling on about the accident with Arta.

The story of holding my breath for a diving competition in a ravine and actually almost drowning.

The story of how he climbed a tree to steal a bird's egg and fell down and cracked his head.

The story of how I tried to imitate Ellen's dive at the waterfall where I was meditating and passed out because I went in belly first instead of head first.

Like the time he was learning swordsmanship and got so angry that he kept losing to Ellen that he swung a wooden sword at her and got hit and passed out.

As I listened, it was almost all about Ellen.

Even when he wasn't a dummy, he was so unusual that if he did anything, Ellen would win everything, and Arta would get angry and try to win by force.

It was quite an eye-opener to hear about Ellen's past from her childhood friends.

It makes me realize that geniuses were geniuses even as children.

I feel for the little kids who have such a genius as a friend.

Of course, did I mention that the arms bake inward?

There's something about imagining a younger Ellen playing with kids like that.

Something.

I felt a tickle in my chest.

If you think about it, that perpetually stern-looking Ellen wasn't that way at all back in the day.

I'm curious to see what that actually looks like.

Sounds cute.

But I can't help but feel depressed when I think about it.

No matter what I think of Ellen, or what she thinks of me.

Because it always boils down to that, that our relationship can never be the same again.

"Anyway, you can't count the number of times you've hurt yourself trying to imitate or beat Ellen, so you'll just have to do what you're told."

"Stop....... Stop......."

Depending on how you look at it, Ellen could be an asshole, but these two didn't seem to feel that way about her.

"Arta is so one-track minded, she doesn't know what's going to happen later, she doesn't care, she just wants to beat Ellen, she wants to copy her, she wants to get hurt."

To Lena's dire declaration, Arta had no rebuttal.

"But Reinhard, I've said it before, you seem to think too much."

I have a lot on my mind.

It's something I keep hearing from Lena and Arta.

A clear mind, a calm image, and a serene heart.

It was actually getting harder and harder to maintain that.

It's been well over a month since I left Edina.

And I still don't know when I'm going to be able to leave here with a satisfying sense of accomplishment.

The month ahead is barely enough.

So two months? Three months?

If I leave Rizaira, defeated by my insecurities, I will never come back here again.

Now I know what Luna meant.

I can't achieve my next accomplishment if I'm restless because I can't handle anxiety and nervousness. I have to be able to push through it and move on.

Even if you can make it to the master class, you won't be able to use your full power if you lose the final battle to fear and intimidation.

That's why Luna is educating.

If you can't stay calm in a situation like this, it's a recipe for disaster.

No matter how nervous and anxious you are, you have to push through it, reach the next level, and make that power all your own.

So, you're forcing them to spend time on their toes, cut off from all outside information.

Nevertheless, my nervousness and anxiety about things I don't know grows, not shrinks.

So I found myself in a situation where I could focus my mind to do extreme refined enchantments, but I couldn't get used to them because of the anxiety that would amplify over time.

Too much thinking is the problem.

But I can't do that if I don't want to think about it.

It's like being told that rice isn't the whole of life when you have grape juice in your throat.

If you're out of breath and I tell you to calm down, that's what you're going to do.

"But in this case, wouldn't it be better to do it like Arta?"

"......."

"Nothing is better than harvesting this year's potatoes and worrying about next year's drought."

I do know that Lena wasn't wrong.

"When you think too much, you think about things that don't matter. So why don't you just forget about everything else for a while and focus on what you need to do?"

The words seemed to snap me out of it.

I've had a lot of people say that to me.

At one point, it was even something I said.

After your first kill in Darklands.

Ellen, covered in blood, grabbed my face and looked me in the eye and said, "I'm sorry.

Now is not the time to think.

So let's do what we have to do.

After the Gate debacle broke, Herriot told me.

Now is not the time to think, let's just do what needs to be done.

That's what I've been thinking, too, so I've been taking it one step at a time.

But now that I've left the job I'm responsible for, I've lost the mindset I had before.

Anxious about something that hasn't happened, but might happen.

You're nervous about the situation itself, being cut off from the outside world.

I keep thinking about it, obsessively, even though I know it doesn't solve anything.

Luna told me that I had held out for so long that my heart had become sick.

Lena says you don't have to think about anything you don't have to think about right now.

I don't know if Luna is right or Lena is right.

However, the anxiety and nervousness I feel is not going to solve any of my problems.

Arta only thinks about what's in front of her.

Since my goal was to make the enchantment last longer, I'm only concerned with the enchantment.

I need to do the same.

It's pointless to think about how many months it will take me to get used to this power, what it's like out there, and all that.

Worrying is not the answer.

Only action.

You can only get results by taking action, so it's time to stop thinking about unanswered questions.

"Okay, I'll try that."

Peace of mind.

Having peace of mind in a situation where I could have peace of mind means nothing to me right now.

To have peace of mind, even in situations that can never be peaceful.

That's the clarity and immobility I need.



* * *



I don't think you should think about it.

The very idea of not thinking is already a thought.

I know this sounds ridiculous, but I'm doing it.

To not think, you don't think about not thinking, you literally don't think.

But for someone whose head is about to explode from thinking too much, the compulsion to not think only feeds the neurosis.

And when you start thinking about that, you inevitably move on to thinking about what you shouldn't be thinking about.

Then I move on to thinking about the things I shouldn't be thinking about right now, and I'm back to square one with the idea that I shouldn't be thinking about those things.

The wheel of thought spins, a dizzying, Mobius-esque wheel.

"Mom, what can I do to stop thinking about it?"

"......?"

No, you've got your own idea and you're going to do it! Or teach me something!

"I want you to go somewhere with me tomorrow."

Finally, are you trying to tell me something?



* * *



The next day.

My hopes that Luna would finally teach me something were shattered this morning.

-Chulgrun

Luna walks into the warehouse and hears her rummaging around.

"Listen."

What she brought out of the shed was a shovel and pickaxe, and an axe and a forklift.

"......I thought you were going to teach me swordsmanship or meditation?"

"I don't think I said that."

Luna grabbed the shovel, I grabbed the pickaxe and axe, and we picked up the forklift.

And with Luna leading the way, I followed closely behind.

Luna strode off into the distance, over the mountainside that bordered Rizaira.

We landed on a mountainside somewhere.

"We're going to have to create new farmland. It will take a long time, so prepare yourself."

"......Yes?"

"You didn't ask how to not think."

Luna points to this place in the middle of the woods.

"Nothing like an overwhelming amount of work to take your mind off things."

No.

This guy is real.

Am I asking you to create a new field?

Isn't this just being taken advantage of?

"We'll cut down the trees in the neighborhood and move them to the village, and then we'll uproot them all."

You're not just doing it on bare ground, you're turning a forest into a field.

"But don't use holy water."

No.

That's too much!

"Mom....... Is this it?"

"Hmmm......."

At my words, Luna crosses her arms, tilts her head slightly, and looks at me.

"I keep telling you not to do it, but you keep telling me, Mother, so why don't you treat me like a son by actually doing it, not just saying it?"

"Ah."

Luna smirks at me.

"Son, get to work."

On my mind.

I fell for it.



* * *



Luna told him to be a son and started putting him to work.

In rural areas, children are labor, so I couldn't argue with that statement.

Luna told me to get to work and left me in the woods outside of Rizaira.

It's not just a grassy plain, it's a forest.

If I cut down all the trees in this forest and split them for firewood, I'd have all the wood Lizaira needs for the rest of the year.

This is a picture of not just making farmland, but eating pheasants and eggs, and having me make new farmland, but also growing trees?

There was even a condition not to use holy objects.

I look at the forest in front of me and the axe, pickaxe, shovel, and fork beside me.

I chop down these trees, chop them up one by one, and carry them back and forth to Rizaira on a forklift.

The entire tree must be cut down, and the roots must be uprooted somehow.

Once that's done, you'll need to turn the ground over with a pickaxe to get rid of all the roots and make it more tillable.

That.

Are we sure we can get it done before winter?

You said it was an equation.

I'm not going back to Edina anytime soon, if ever.

"Hmmm......."

I've never chopped down a tree with a Relic before. Of course, Luna told me not to, so I'm not going to use it.

I picked up the axe because I knew I had to chop down the tree first.

I've sliced monsters countless times, and as gruesome as it is, I've sliced people.

But of course, I've never used an axe.

Do a tree.

I should know in my head that it's a lot of work, but I'm not sure I'd want to be the one to tell someone.

With a Strength number of 26 or higher, an A+ rank, and no Enchantment enhancements, this is a monster that could be an S-rank or higher powerhouse.

I don't know if this work will take my mind off my anguish and give me a clearer picture.

But we have to do something.

"Hoooooo......."

Focus your mind and use a highly refined magical enhancement.

The power is there.

The important thing is to get used to the idea of sophisticated disenchantment, not just chopping wood.

Chop wood while highly focused and using Enchantment.

There are many trees.

I'm not sure if I'll ever get used to this power once I've knocked down all these trees.

I take that step.

Calm breathing.

With the wind blowing and the birds chirping.

"Suck!"

I aimed the axe at the tree and swung.

-Bam!

Broken.

"Uh......?"

Not a tree, an axe.





