Episode 490.





"It's broken......."

"Yes......."

Luna stared blankly at the axe, its hilt broken halfway through.

"Your son?"

"Could you please not call me that......."

Suddenly I understood why Luna didn't like being called mom.

Something is pleasantly weird!

Of course, like me, she didn't pretend to listen.

"Rizaira is not a very resourceful place. Do you know how valuable an axe or a pickaxe is?"

"Sorry......."

I'm scolded.

Almost getting killed by Luna was also a pain in the ass.

Luna tried to kill me because she knew that the existence of the demon would one day be a great threat to Ellen, and that Ellen might die.

Now, two solar years later.

I'm being scolded by Luna for splitting an axe.

Even I am bowing my head and saying sorry as if I'm guilty of death.

What it is.

What the heck is going on here?

Dizzy.

In many ways, it's immobility, it's nakedness, it's I can't do this.

"Apparently, you wielded it in your ignorance, trusting in its power, and this is what happened. Is that right?"

"It's ......."

It was so accurate that it gave me goosebumps.

"You're anxious, neurotic, fidgety all the time, and you can't do anything right."

Now that I think about it, I didn't really do anything but come to Lizaira and whine.

But it doesn't do anything right.

I'm still......! out there, because there are a lot of things......! that I can't do without......!

I knew it would sound miserable if I said it, so I kept my mouth shut.

King and archdemon of Edina.

Enemies of humanity.

And here I am, in a mountain village, being treated like a worthless piece of shit for breaking an axe.

Luna sighed heavily and went back into the storeroom, rummaged around for a while, and came out with another axe.

"This is a little old, so you're going to have to be a little more careful with it than you were before."

The first axe Luna gave me was an A-grade axe, if not an S-grade.

But this is an axe blade, and an axe blade is an axe blade, and the hilt is pretty old.

"How can I cut a tree with this......."

"You're right. I wouldn't have to chop wood with an axe like this if someone hadn't broken it in one fell swoop."

"I'd rather have an axe with an iron sack or....... or something like that?"

"......."

"Yes, I'm coming......."

Do you think there is such a thing?

The look was too much for me to take, and I had no choice but to return to the woods with an old axe that had been downgraded from A- to C-grade.



* * *



You don't necessarily need an axe.

I said don't use holy objects, not don't use your body.

With the horsepower enhancement cranked up to full power, you'll be able to crush anything but the biggest of behemoths with a simple kick.

However, doing so is already linguistic blasphemy.

I'm doing this to get used to the new enchantments, and it'll be even funnier if I follow Luna's advice to create new farmland.

The moment you do that, you've already converted your audience.

It's about staying focused, letting go of distractions, and getting used to your new power.

But if you just focus on the words "chop wood and plow fields" and go back to the way things were, it becomes a chore.

Axe in hand, I focus my mind.

"Whoa......."

If you apply too much force, you'll break the axe, not the tree.

How to beat a tree.

I don't know how to do it, but I know one thing.

If you hit too hard, the axe will break.

With moderate force.

Moderation.

Swing the axe toward the tree.

-Pak!

The bark of the tree bounces unpretentiously.

I was able to control the force properly, and the axe didn't break.

However, the tree is now only slightly stripped of its bark.

How many more shots will it take for this tree to fall.

And split this fallen tree into transportable pieces.

Put it on a forklift and take it to Rizaira.

Chop down another tree.

Split.

Nargo.

"......."

-Tweet!

I see a forested area spread out in front of me.

When you're done with the tree.

Shovel out the roots of the big trees.

Turn the ground upside down and grind.......

It was supposed to be a master class.

Why, did I become a wannabe lumberjack?



* * *



"Fuck."

-Pak!

I threw the axe away and lay down.

I've already unlocked the Super Focused Enchantment. No, I had to disable and re-enable it several times during the game.

Tree?

I didn't get a single cut.

I'm not just strong.

His wits and dexterity have already surpassed the culprit.

So, I was able to keep hitting the exact spot I was shooting at without missing.

But it's all about power.

I don't know how durable the axe is, so I gave it a good pounding with moderate force, but it didn't deepen the groove in the wood.

A couple of times, the heat got to me and I had to hold back the urge to just smash the wood.

Eventually, I collapsed from exhaustion.

I was lying in the woods, catching my breath, when I heard a giggle coming from somewhere.

"I told you I'd be doing this, right?"

"No, you can't help it because you don't know, that."

Arta and Lena's voices came from a distance.

Above me on the ground, Arta and Lena's faces soon appeared.

"What's......."

"Mrs. Luna told me to come see you because you must be struggling."

"Would you like some water?"

Lena held out her canteen.



* * *



The moment I splintered an axe, Luna must have been convinced that I was incompetent.

I drank the water from the canteen Lena handed me.

"No matter how you slice it, you haven't done a single tree yet?"

When Arta saw that none of the trees had fallen except for one with a shallow gash, she slapped her forehead in disbelief.

No.

You've given me a lot, but never an ugly one.

"No, I can't, because I think I'll break the axe if I put too much force into it."

"Do I really need to use an axe?"

"While I'm at it, I might as well do it with an axe to get used to the mental focus......."

"Hmm....... I see."

Arta looked at the grooves in the wood and shook her head.

"It's not the power, it's the method. Who does this to a tree? Give it to me."

Arta held out his hand, and I picked up my discarded axe and handed it to him.

"Watch this."

Holding the axe, Arta aims it at the tree trunk.

"Top to bottom."

-Pak!

Arta brought the axe down, and the sheath peeled away slightly, gouging a small indentation in the wood.

After another swing, Arta sees me this time.

"This time, from the bottom up."

-Pak!

Arta struck precisely, and at the two points of impact, part of the tree fell away.

I could only stare in disbelief at the piece of wood that had broken off in a triangular shape.

Only twice.

With that demonstration, I realized what I had been doing wrong.

"You're trying to cut down a tree because you're ignorant, so you can't. So what?"

I only took pictures of the same place.

Doing wood was more like chopping wood. Arta clicked her tongue at my frozen expression.

"Well, he's a city boy, so he doesn't know what he's doing."

"Oh, no......."

b.

Still.

At least I got a little bit of a blast in the temple.

I thought I heard the Empire's best and brightest, even if they weren't actually from the Empire.

I haven't heard the word incompetent since the very beginning of my freshman year!

Somehow.

In Rizaira, I was treated like a penny-pincher who was overpaid and didn't know how to do his job.

And it's not because of some mysterious secret or special power of the town.

I just don't know how to chop wood, so I'm treated like a dime a dozen.

"No....... Where the hell am I supposed to be chopping wood......!"

I mean, where was I chopping wood before I got here, where was I chopping wood after I got here?

You don't know what you don't know!

Arta smirked at my plea.

"So you're a city slicker."

"......."

It's frustrating, but he's right, and I don't know what else to say.

"Anyway, have fun. I have to help my grandfather today."

"Yes, Reinhard. I have to take care of my brother today, too."

Lena and Arta left with those words.

Grandpa.

If you think about it, there are only a few households here, and the number of people won't change, so it's inevitably going to be a big family.

Anyway, Arta's demonstration made me realize what I've been doing wrong all this time.

To chop down a tree, you don't chop in the same place, you chop at an angle and chip away at it in small increments.

There's actually a skill and know-how to what you're doing for the sake of it.

What Arta taught me was very basic, and I'm sure there are more detailed ways to chop wood.

How to cut down a tree.

There's nothing to write home about, and there's nothing to be gained by my mastery of it.

If I leave Lizaira, I'll probably never work on a wooden bell again in my life.

How did I get into this job?

What a city slicker.

I've been laughed at for not knowing how to chop wood, and yelled at for breaking my axe.

In Edina, we had some survivors come over on a boat and we were struggling with how we were going to feed them, what murders had happened, what to do with them.

The entire human race hates me.

Even if I survive the end of the Gate, and even if I survive that, I might still have to fight Ellen later, and there might be a war between the Darklands and the Empire.

We've been talking about death and dying.

In practice, this has meant killing countless people in the name of stabilizing institutions and societies.

Here I am, in a remote mountain village, chopping down trees to make a field.

He's a city boy, he doesn't know anything, he's hearing stories like this.

I get yelled at for breaking my axe, for not doing something right.

"ha......."

Somehow.

Feeling like a normal person, I burst out laughing.

I didn't think that would happen.

When I left Edina, I was neither a demon nor anything else.

I'm just a city slicker who doesn't know anything about the workings of the countryside.

They say that place makes the man, and where I can't be king, no one considers me king.

No one honors or worships me, so no one hates or despises me.

I wondered if I could still have a normal life.

Aside from whether or not I could live like that, was it possible for me to have such feelings?

No one is asking me to be king.

No one will find hope or despair in me.

Not the Apostle of Tuan, not the Apostle of Alth, not the Devil.

It's not that I think I can forget them because I don't hear them looking for me.

However, the idea that I'm actually not that big of a deal gave me a certain weirdness.

I am the source of this world, but I am not omnipotent, nor am I omniscient.

Not everything in the world is my problem to solve, nor should it be.

I was arrogant to try to care about everything that was going on in the world.

It was just arrogance.

I was feeling anxious in this situation where everything was out of my control.

What a fool I was, unable to chop down a tree in front of me, and anxious because the world was out of my hands.

I am not in my throne room in Edina, but in the mountain village of Lizaira.

What you do from the throne is what you think about when you get back to the throne.

Not every situation is in my line of sight, and not every situation can be solved.

Thanks to Luna and Arta's comments about my incompetence, I realized how arrogant I was living in my own mind.

Your job as king is to be king.

Now that I'm a city slicker, I need to do what city slickers do and learn what I don't know.

I felt like my fuzzy head had cleared up a bit, and I had a better idea of what the true meaning of the Mingyung Index was.

There may be things I don't know about because I'm not here.

So what.

I do the best I can imagine.

Luna Artorius said you have to believe in yourself.

So, yes, I believe in Luna.

Other than that, there's nothing.

I told her that if she was going to call me "mom," she should act like a son.

So.

Your job as a son is to turn the forest into a field.

The first step is to cut down the tree.

Turn a grove of trees into a clearing, then plow the clearing into a field.

I don't know what the hell that's going to do for me.

Lizaira decided to give up on the idea.

My mom made me do it, so it must mean something!

I don't know what else!

I've been responsible for so many things in my life, I can afford to be a little less responsible.

"Hmph, hmph......."

For some reason, I burst out laughing because it reminded me of my days running around like a mad dog in the temple.

Peace of mind doesn't come after some great epiphany or cataclysmic event, it comes after being treated like an asshole.

Whatever the process, the outcome was good.

I believe Luna Artorius has a plan.

I'm a pretty useless guy, and I don't know much.

So, just do what you're told and empty your brain.

In his throne room, he spent all day in anguish and worry, but now he is Rizaira's guest.

So just do what you're told.

There's no point in trying to figure it out, you won't get any better and you won't know anything.

I pick up an axe.

I didn't know how to do it, but now that I do, it's easy.

It doesn't have to be a very strong force either.

A moderate amount of disenchantment, with as much control over that power as possible.

Top to bottom.

-Bam!

The strokes are precise and the force is not difficult to control.

In line with the groove dug by the axe blade.

This time from the bottom up.

-Bam!

Look at the piece of wood that bounced off.

Only a small piece has been shaved off.

However, it was clearly trimmed.

-Bam!

-Bam!

-Puck!

Increasingly.

More and more.

I'm chipping away.

I still don't know what float and light index are.

As far as clearing my head, I was definitely successful.

In the sense that I was doing what I was told to do, the things that were bothering me were falling away like chips of wood being chiseled away.

Lots of trees.

There were just as many trees to chop, and just as many distractions to get rid of.

Turn this forest into a plain, uproot the giants, and level the ground.

I will make this forest into a land where something can be planted.

Like planting a new seed in a new land.

I pulled out the despair and anguish that was deeply rooted in my heart.

No, even if you can't pull it out.

In the midst of that despair and pain, a new spirit will be planted.





