Episode 491.





It's summer rain.

-shoot

The rain in the mountains wasn't a torrential downpour, but it was enough to keep me from going outside.

Luna Artorius stood in her raincoat, listening to the blows that came at regular intervals through the rain.

Luna slowly made her way through the rain toward the direction of the sound.

-No support!

And Luna watched as the giant tree broke and fell to the ground.

Mechanically, the young man walks over to the fallen tree and begins to chop once more.

Axing in the rain is extremely dangerous.

The sack can slip and escape your hand, and the blade can slip and twist, causing serious injury.

But the young man didn't seem to know any of that, just kept slamming the axe down at regular intervals, over and over again.

On the first day, I felt like I was struggling.

By the second day, even the old axe's pommel had broken, so we ended up borrowing an axe from another house to chop wood.

By the time Ronan put a new hilt on my dull axe and gave me a new one, I was picking up speed.

Even Reinhardt, with his unusual strength, was slowed by the fact that he had to carry the wood to Rizaira by himself.

That's how Reinhardt started cutting down the forest two weeks ago.

Luna could see that one side of the forest was empty.

There were still more trees to cut down, but we were definitely making progress.

Luna walks up to Reinhardt and says, "Don't move.

"Reinhard, it's raining, so take the day off."

-Puck!

The rain was drowning out Luna's voice, but not so much that I couldn't hear her.

But Reinhardt just slammed his axe down at regular intervals, as if he couldn't hear anything.

Luna stares at the back of Reinhardt's head.

The back of his head, where he doesn't seem to be thinking about anything but axing.

-Puck!

I see him focusing on splitting the wood at regular intervals, because the only way to accomplish the task is with an axe.

"Reinhardt."

Luna called out again, but Reinhardt was still axing away, as if he knew nothing else but what he was doing.

"......."

I'm not pretending not to hear.

It doesn't sound real.

Luna stared at Reinhardt's back, then turned and walked away.

-Puck!

As Luna walked back, she heard the sound of an axe at regular intervals.



* * *



Late at night.

In a grayish cavity, a conference room.

"My lord, how long do you intend to keep the boy in Rizaira?"

An old man with graying hair and a cane asked Luna.

At Luna's side sat Ronan, and in front of him sat the people of Rizaira.

There was no hint of displeasure in anyone's expression that Reinhardt was staying in Rizaira.

Just puzzled.

There was an undeniable sense of wonder on everyone's faces.

It's already been over a month and into month two.

He was puzzled by the circumstances of the boy's stay in Rizaira and his master's decision to tolerate it.

"Until he gets what he wants."

Luna's blunt words immediately set the tone for the room.

"If it is the Lord's decision....... there must be some great meaning behind it that we are unaware of....... This is unprecedented, isn't it......."

An old woman shook her head in bewilderment.

"Liturgy......."

Luna was silent for a moment, her eyes still downcast.

"For an unfathomable amount of time, this has never been done before."

Once again, Luna sees the faces of the people sitting in the room.

Some were elderly, some were about to enter old age, and some were very old.

"The fact that Ragan was able to go out into the world knowing about the existence of the January Party was also unprecedented."

Everyone's faces turned an earthy color as the boss referred to his already dead son.

"Lord Tang....... Ragan was not taught the mysteries of the Lunar Party, so....... was able to go out into the world. As with Ellen,......."

"I was talking about liturgy, not mystery."

Luna said as she held still.

"We learned from Lagan that just because something is unprecedented doesn't mean it's unusual."

Everyone fell silent at Luna's words.

"So there's no reason why there shouldn't be a new precedent, too."

"But my lord, if something goes wrong......."

Luna interrupted the old woman's worried words.

"I'm the one who has to live with it, not you."

Silence fell over the room at Luna's calm words.

"Moreover, even if I were not here, there would be no lunar calendar; you would serve the sun and moon in the way you have been taught, and live your lives accordingly."

"Party Lord....... The Lord of the Month is only the Lord of the Month."

Luna smiles gently at the old woman, who has begun to sob.

"Nor is there any precedent for choosing a new master from among you that should not be set."

Everyone wanted to argue with her, but no one could refute her decision.

After everyone left the room, Luna and Ronan Artorius were the only two people in the room.

"My lord, do you intend to teach the child the mysteries?"

At Ronan's words, Luna shook her head.

"Nay, that would be to bind the child to the bridle of the monthly party, and how can I do that?"

Luna stares down at the floor.

"Whatever he wants, he'll have to figure it out for himself."

"So, you're replacing your hands with time."

At that, Luna stares at Ronan for a moment.

"......You knew that."

"I don't know the details, but it occurred to me that you might."

"......Yes."

Luna stares at the common passageway.

"Because all I can give him is time."

"......."

"My touching of Lizaira's time does not interfere with the world, for I am but an outsider, an unwanted intruder, in a world where I have touched time."

At Luna's smile, Ronan gave an embarrassed laugh.

"That sounds like platitudes."

"Yeah, that's bullshit."

"Shouldn't you have told Reinhard that time flows differently here than it does outside?"

"I suppose."

Not knowing anything, Reinhardt is forced to spend his time in a state of nervousness and anxiety.

"Knowing that time passes differently here would give him a sense of calm, and he would find peace of mind earlier, and he would have time to rest his tired body and mind."

"But the tranquility that has been achieved is bound to be shattered."

"Only if the tranquility is earned, will the homeostasis of that tranquility be firm."

"If you find ease and tranquility, and mistake it for your own strength, you will crumble later when true chaos and terror come."

Ronan hears Luna's words and nods slowly.

"You're purposely not telling me anything."

"Achieving your goals and overcoming your limitations are two different things."

Ronan was silent as Luna said that Reinhardt needed to overcome, not achieve.

The sound of the axe, heard at regular intervals, echoed in Luna's mind.

"Ronan."

"Yes, my lord."

"If I disappeared, would you be sad?"

At Luna's question, Ronan nodded stiffly.

"Of course."

"......."

"You're a punk as ever."

"......."

"But the human life you forced me to live wasn't bad. No, it was good."

Luna stares down the hallway.

"I've often thought lately that since I've been forced to live a human life, I'd like to experience the end of it, death."

"My lord."

"Just saying."

Luna smirked at Ronan's sentiment.



* * *



Time has passed.

Reinhardt continued to chop wood.

Chopping down the entire forest was actually something Reinhardt could do in a day if he used a holy object with a full-powered horsepower boost.

However, I had to use an axe to chop down the trees one by one while maintaining my extremely refined enchantments.

As a result, Reinhardt's work was slow, as he was forced to move more slowly than usual and work with inferior tools.

Naturally, keeping a clear head throughout the day was not something I could easily do.

There were definitely times when my immersion was broken, and I was often distracted by panic as the axe blade slipped out of the sack.

But clearly, it's getting better.

An hour of intense focus soon turned into two hours. Then three, then four hours.

Later on, I was able to chop wood all day long and stay focused while taking breaks to eat and breathe.

It's been two months since I took the first axe to the tree.

Before long, Reinhardt had cut down every tree in the forest.

"How did you do it?"

Arta said as she looked at the forest, which had vanished, leaving nothing but countless tree trunks.

"But it got really fast afterwards, didn't it?"

Reinhard nodded at Lena's words.

As he strapped the axe, which he hadn't even changed the sack for a few times, to the forklift and loaded the last of the wood into the forklift, Reinhardt gave a quick tongue-in-cheek laugh.

"If someone had told me that this kind of shit was good for my sanity when I was out there, I would have thrashed them."

Reinhard grumbles and picks up a forklift loaded with wood.

"What pisses me off the most is that this actually works."

The dark emotions in Reinhardt's eyes hadn't disappeared.

However.

The emotions were still and silent.



* * *



"I'm done with the trees."

"Yes."

"Took you long enough."

"Two months is fast....... but isn't that compliant? I mean, I don't know if I'd ever do something like that in my life."

That's two months.

She'd done the heavy lifting of clearing the forest single-handedly, and Luna gave her a sour look, as if she'd had enough. Ronan could only nod in agreement.

"Then we'll have to uproot the tree starting tomorrow."

"......."

No.

Can't I just say thank you for a job well done?

As soon as she's done, she says she's going to start working on something else tomorrow.

Or should I say, whimper.

No.

I've been here long enough to know I shouldn't, but sometimes I forget what I'm doing.

It's kind of ridiculous to feel bad about not getting praised for chopping down a tree.

b.

Maybe I've gotten too used to living in Lizaira......?

There were many times when I would wake up in the middle of the night because I felt like I was going to fall asleep.

I try to keep my mind off the outside world, but sometimes I have nightmares.

Still, I found that doing simple tasks throughout the day definitely cleared my mind.

"Well, at least your expression is much improved."

Ronan said.

"Is that......?"

"Yeah, definitely."

No matter what.

I was getting used to maintaining my composure even as anxiety and nervousness consumed me, and sustaining my highest efficiency enchantments for extended periods of time.

"So it looks like we've got plenty of firewood for next year."

Based on Luna's comments, it sounds like you've done nothing but good for Lizaira.

I don't see why not, and it's true that I live on Lizaira.

Whenever villagers see me stacking firewood in the center of the village, they say thank you for your hard work, and many of them leave their birdseed behind.

It's better to do something good for me and help the town than to remain a soldier.

I guess that can't be a bad thing.

Before I knew it, I was part of a rural living community called Lizaira.



* * *



I've cut down every tree in the forest, and Lizaira doesn't have to worry about firewood.

There was a strange sense of pride that I couldn't quite put my finger on as I watched the huge pile of firewood I had laid dry in the sun.

If, when all is said and done.

If somehow it all works out, and the weight on my shoulders is lifted.

The idea of doing something similar to homesteading came to mind.

Demon, returning home.

It was such a ridiculous idea that it made me laugh out loud just thinking about it.

Anyway, after a long, long time, the wood chopping is over.

Of course, that doesn't mean you're saying goodbye to the axe forever.

After the axe, two other tools were added.

A shovel, and a pickaxe.

The trees in the forest are many and varied.

There were beautiful trees, medium-sized trees, and small trees that broke just by me grabbing them with my bare hands.

Small things aside.

"Honestly, I tend to think this is hard for me too."

"Do you?"

"Of course," I said, "this is normal."

It was disorienting to look at the underlying roots and not know where they were coming from.

How the heck am I going to pull this out?

Don't we need heavy equipment? Isn't that what excavators do?

I even brought Arta with me to make sure I didn't hit the ground like I did when I started chopping wood, and even he was shaking his head.

Ignoring the gigantic, dizzying trunk of a beautiful tree, I stood at the base of a much smaller tree.

I think of it as a series of steps.

As an iterative mastery task, chopping wood was meant to be endlessly repetitive, to clear my mind and get used to optimized disenchantment usage.

So, I was able to get pretty comfortable with it now.

That's it for now.

Increasing the output of an optimized horsepower boost itself.

Pulling up a tree trunk that's deeply rooted in the ground requires equipment, not skill.

But there's no such tool in the middle of nowhere.

So you have to use your strength to do things that require skill.

It's about enhancing the most efficient horsepower, and getting used to increasing its output, so that it doesn't have to release all that horsepower to the outside world.

This makes me wonder if Luna had a point when she told me to make a field.......

Doghorn.

It's more of a nightmare than a dream.

It's just something I'm doing, but it's clear that I'm giving it meaning.

"I've never done this either, so I guess I'll have to get the adults involved?"

"No."

It's not a skill, it's a strength.

"The first time, go in ignorant."

"......what?"

-Pak!

I plug in the shovel.

To create a groove to grip the base of the tree.

-Pak! Pah-pah-pah!

After some shoveling, I managed to expose some of the tree's roots.

"......I see what you're trying to do, can you do it?"

"If it doesn't work, we'll figure something else out."

I stand on a tree trunk and squat down.

I reached down with both arms and grabbed the hollow at the base of the tree like a handle.

Arta didn't look happy.

"...... That's not good."

"We'll try it, and if it doesn't work, we'll find another way."

I don't know what would happen with a full power horsepower boost, but it's all part of the process, so I'm using the highest efficiency I can use in my current state, and a horsepower boost that won't bleed horsepower.

I can already feel the extreme increase in my horsepower efficiency.

What we need to do now is increase the output itself, but keep the control of the horsepower completely in my hands.

With overwhelming force, they uproot deeply rooted trees with their bare hands.

"I am a human excavator."

"Excavator......? What is that?"

"There is such a thing."

Self-insinuation and even verbalization.

"Suck!"

With the blood rushing to my head, I try to pull the tree trunk out with my bare hands.

Thighs, arms, and lower back.

"Uhhhhhhh!"

"Crazy......."

-disable

I'm not sure, but there's movement.

becomes.

to be.

If it doesn't move at all, I don't know, but I feel like I'm doing something, so I push harder.

It's like the threads in your body are about to burst, and you're about to explode.

It's not about chopping down trees, it's about pushing the earth with my legs and pulling up the world.

With all my might.

And yet, as the mana that flows from his mind continues to flow into his body.

"That."

"Ah."

"Ah."

"Ouch!"

Screaming, he pushes himself as hard as he can, like he's never pushed himself this hard before.

-Top!

"!"

I heard the sound of something breaking.

"To......with......."

"Hey...... you okay?!"

Clearly, something is broken.

It was just my waistline.





