Episode 492.





My back is out.

So, I was carried by Arta to Rizaira.

"ugh......."

"What an idiot......."

Placing a hot washcloth on my lower back, Luna sighed deeply.

You may have heard Arta's story about trying to cut down a tree with his bare hands.

"Mother....... If you use Tiamata....... I can get better......."

I've gotten pretty good at using Tiamata, even though it has the problem of requiring rage.

I wonder if my foolishness, and the resulting anger at myself, can draw on Tiamata's divine power.

-Woof

-Snap!

"Eek!"



I crouched down and summoned Tiamata, and Luna slapped the back of my hand.

"Did I forget to tell you not to use holy objects?"

"This is an injury......."

Isn't it okay to use it for an unavoidable injury?

When I turned my head slightly to plead, Luna shook her head with a stern look.

"Oh no. Take a few days off to reflect on your foolishness. What were you going to do if you broke your back?"

"No....... I can recover quickly anyway, so it's not a big deal......."

I felt like I was going to lose my mind because my back was screaming at me if I even moved my body for a second.

At my plea, Luna pressed a hot towel to my waist.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"The idea that it's easy to get better leads to the idea that it's easy to get hurt, and that's what happens."

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

She says, and withdraws her hand from my waist. She looks at me.

"No matter how easy a wound says it is to heal, no one gets hurt easily."

"......."

"Don't take for granted that you get hurt in order to accomplish something. It's your shortcoming."

Somehow.

It sounded like he was worried about my mind, not my body.

I wasn't sure if I should feel sorry for myself for being so casual about the pain, or if I should be concerned.

Or did I just look really pathetic.

Eventually.

I followed Luna's instructions and rested for a few days on my stomach, not wearing a tiara.

I've also been thinking about what it means to take pain for granted because it's so easy to escape it.

Somehow.

I couldn't stop thinking about the day Ellen stabbed me in the heart.



* * *



I was laid up for about three days.

It was an abrupt break, albeit due to injury.

It was an injury that I could have easily recovered from using Tiamata, but Luna's words reminded me over the next three days that just because you can recover easily doesn't mean you should get hurt easily.

Luna and Ronan took care of my back.

It's like physical therapy, where you drive and get sick and then get better.

Honestly.

I almost got a little tired of it.

Thanks to Ronan's treatment and my basic fitness, I was resilient and the injury was completely healed within three days.

"Honey, you should go with Reinhard."

"Oh, yeah."

I thought I was going to break my back again, so I gave him Ronan.

I've gone from being an incompetent bastard who couldn't uproot a tree to being a reckless bastard who tried to uproot a tree and ended up with a broken back.

Somehow, I didn't mind being treated like that.



* * *



When we reached the cleared forest, Ronan stood at the base of the tree where I had left my waist.

"You're not taking out the whole tree."

Without a word, Ronan began digging with his shovel around the trunk. If a tree root got in the way, he scraped it out of the way.

After digging a fairly large area, I soon realized that the tree trunks were deeply rooted in the ground. I stuck a pickaxe in, poked around, and dug again, revealing the full extent of the roots, which, unlike the surface, were frighteningly deep.

"Do you realize what a ridiculous thing you were trying to do?"

"......Yes."

Ronan began chopping away at the more deeply embedded trunks with his axe, one by one.

How long has it been.

Soon, Ronan gave the base of the trunk a few strokes with his pickaxe, then pulled out the massive trunk.

"This is how you do it."

"Hmm....... I don't know if I can do it right or not, but let's try."

Logging required some skill, but this seemed to require even more.

Felling followed by uprooting.

Ronan flicked the uprooted tree trunk away and dusted off his hands, as if there was nothing more to be learned from one demonstration.

Honestly, I feel like I've already seen it once and don't need to see it again.

I'm curious.

"Is that....... Father?"

"Why, why don't you show it to me one more time?"

"No, no. It's not that, I was just wondering."

I pointed to another tree stump, similar in size to the one I had just uprooted.

"Can you show me something that doesn't do this, that pulls with force?"

"......?"

I was honestly curious. Could Ronan do it?

Because he's obviously a lot better at it than I am.

"Hmmm....... Even if I did, I doubt you'd be able to follow along......."

"Haven't you tried it?"

"......."

Ronan looks over at me at my question.

Uh, is this out of line?

As if thinking about what I said, Ronan suddenly rolled up his sleeves.

Ronan Artorius.

Maybe you're simpler than you think?

So far, I don't think I've used any powers, including magical enhancements, and it's impossible to uproot that tree with normal human strength.

It was almost identical to what I had done a few days earlier.

Dig a moderate shovel around the tree, holding on to the roots.

There was no blue glow around Ronan, as there is with Arta, and as I've come to use recently.

But even as a pretender, I could sense that Ronan Artorius was about to wield a great deal of power.

It makes my skin tingle just looking at it.

"Suck!"

-Edward!

In my case, it was a broken back, but Ronan's was different.

Ronan's feet began to dig into the ground, as if the entire earth was being pulled up, and a chain of cracking and breaking sounds began to echo.

-Swoosh!

He pulled a huge tree out of the ground with his bare hands.

I could only stare in disbelief at the huge tree roots, broken and broken, with storm water running down them.

-Thump!

Ronan looks at me, tossing aside a tree root he'd uprooted with his bare hands.

"Can you do it?"

"No, not at all."

The human excavator was here.



* * *



After two demonstrations, Ronan left, and I was left alone.

I wanted to see if I could do it, so I tried it.

To conclude, I could have done something similar to Ronan.

Maximum horsepower as it is.

-Thump!

"Whoa."

I disengage the enchantment, tossing the uprooted trunk aside. At full strength, I could still pull the tree out.

It's clear that my power is no match for Ronan's.

It's just that we can't rest on this level of power.

I can do this as it is, but what if I could do it at full power in an extremely stabilized disenchantment state?

You will have power like never before.

So, let's cut down the tree.

Felling followed by tree removal.

And then till the ground.

Time has already passed quite a bit.

But then again, time melts away and you have to take the next step.

Keep your mind focused, while maintaining a steady state for enchantment.

More stable, more precise.

For fuller power.

-Pak!

I put the shovel down.



* * *



Uprooting the trees took longer than felling them.

Due to the nature of the work, which, unlike logging, requires digging deep into the ground, and the fact that we were not used to doing this, we had to use trial and error.

But obviously, if you put in the time, you're bound to make progress.

And the more time I spent on it, the more focused I became.

At some point, Reinhardt was able to maintain a refined state of magical enhancement throughout the entirety of his work, from beginning to end.

"We'd better not interrupt, right?"

Lena, who had been watching Reinhardt dig in the distance, turned to Arta and asked.

"I don't know if I could do it if I tried to interfere."

Lena and Arta, who had come to talk to him, watched from a distance as Reinhardt dug as if he were digging and cut the roots of the tree with an axe.

"When I first got here, I was like, 'What the hell is he doing,' but the more I look at him, the worse he is."

Arta shuddered in frustration as she turned and walked away.

Focused on his work, as if under a powerful hypnosis, Reinhardt acted as if he were blind and deaf.

I couldn't hear whoever was calling me, and I was focused on what I needed to do no matter what was going on around me.

Scary focus. And immersion.

Arta could no longer keep up with Reinhardt's focus.

Lena turns and looks back at Reinhardt for a moment.

"What the hell made him do that?"

He succeeded in distracting himself, but there was an undeniable desperation in Reinhardt's every move.

Both Lena and Arta knew that.

It's cutting down trees and uprooting trees, but there's a desperation bordering on madness in the way Reinhardt focuses on the action and pursues the next step.

What's the story.

Because what the heck.

That desperate.

"I don't know."

Arta says still.

"We're better off not knowing, obviously."

"......."

Reinhardt's Madness Frosted Desperation.

Arta had assumed that it had something to do with something outside of them, and if so, it was better that they didn't know about it.

Arta shuddered as she turned back to Rizaira.

"It's getting cold."

"Sure."

Fall was coming.





