Episode 494.





Eventually, I had to clear the snow off the roof.

Given the threateningly thick layer of snow on the roof, I couldn't sleep at this point because I was worried that Luna was right and I might actually be crushed to death by the collapsing roof.

I never thought I'd live to see a snowstorm so heavy that I'd have to climb onto my roof to clear it.

According to Luna, she wasn't just saying that, it was actually quite common for roofs to collapse during heavy snowfalls like this.

Clearing the snow off the roof - not just a moderate amount, but waist deep - was a very unpleasant task.

It was a matter of shoveling the snow and then scooping it out one shovel at a time.

You need to push the snow off the roof, so when you feel like you can get some of it off, push the pile off the roof.

-Excellent

It made a spooky sound that made me wonder if it was snow falling.

As I cleaned it up, I realized why roofs collapse in the winter when there's a lot of snow.

In the end, I couldn't rest and had to shovel snow until the sun went down.

It wasn't just me, it was the other villagers as well. I had to keep clearing the streets of the village because if they were blocked, I couldn't move.

Still, when your roof is down to its last pile of snow.

"Suck!"

Thick piles of snow pushed under the roof, scary to shovel out.

-Excellent!

"Lineha......!"

I look down at the roof to see if something is wrong down there, and I see Luna looking up from the snowdrifts with a frozen expression on her face.

"Oh....... Well......."

-Tap!

Snow-bombarded, Luna shook her head and shoulders, narrowed her eyes, and sighed.

"......Dinner."

Just now.

I got a little excited because I thought it might actually work.



* * *



Dinner, as I had hoped, was a meat broth with wild vegetables and meat, and thinly toasted bread.

I was also getting used to the rough but hot meals in the mountain villages.

"I don't know when the snow will stop."

Ronan nodded at Luna's words.

Until the snow stopped falling and melted, all of Rizaira's work would be confined to the confines of her home and her village.

-Smart

I was in the middle of a meal when I heard a knock on the door, and when I went out, Lena was standing there with a pot.

"Oh, Reinhardt. Grandma told me to bring you this."

"Tell her thank you, Lena."

"Yes, ma'am!"

Living in a village that was almost a community, it was common to make and share dinner. There were quite a few occasions when Luna would make a lot of food and ask me to take the extra to another house, so there were quite a few times when I had to go around on my own.

Sometimes Lena or Arta would sit at the dinner table with me, and many times I would be invited to their homes.

In the pot Lena handed me was apple pie.

There were times when the dinner menu became overwhelming.

Neighborhood, a concept that had become so foreign to me, was alive and well in Rizaira.

Naturally, I ate dinner with one more item on the menu.

I've been in Rizaira long enough that I've run into Lena and Arta, Ronan and Luna, and others quite often.

Arta's older brother, Dallas.

Lena's sisters.

Their parents, and their grandparents, and so on.

I knew almost everyone in Rizaira, if not both of them.

It wasn't a very crowded neighborhood, so it wasn't hard to memorize the names.

Always too many numbers. Too many names.

The names of the vassals were too many to memorize, and everything about Rizaira was too little.

I was reminded that the old adage about knowing how many cutlery your neighbor has isn't really true in this environment.

A town with too few people to control, too few resources to manage, and too few situations to encounter.

Some may not like the sight of being so close to their neighbors.

Overwhelmed by so many numbers and people, living under a long-standing compulsion to memorize and know them, this time in Rizaira was feeling like my last vacation.

But I was still aware of some oddities.

There are quite a few elderly people in Rizaira.

These are the people who have lived in the village for generations, so it's inevitably a large family.

Lizaira doesn't seem to be particularly hostile to outsiders, so it's not like the town was always that way, even though it's isolated now that the gate has opened. If that were the case, the village would have died out long ago.

But I'm curious about something else.

I had Arta, I had Lena, I had my grandparents, and I had quite a few siblings.

It's a big family.

But the leader of this Rizaira.

There were only two of us, Luna and Artorius.

Luna's parents are gone, Ronan's parents are gone. Ragan is dead, and Ellen is outside.

But even if they are, I don't know why they are the only nuclear family.

I wonder if there's a reason for this.

"How is the work going?"

Ronan asked.

"Ah....... I guess we'll have to watch the snow melt, but at the rate we're going, we'll be done before winter is over."

"I see."

Winter has been challenging, but it's also been a time when the pace of work has picked up. We can get it all done before spring.

If that happens, who knows what will happen.

As much as I don't want to leave Rizaira, I know I have to.

By the time winter is over, I hope to have accomplished something.

We had just arrived in Rizaira when Luna told me.

A handful of extra strength here isn't going to change anything.

I agree with what Luna said.

I haven't reached the master class yet, but even if I do, will I be able to take on that monster at the end?

But I can't stand still, and I'm spending this much time in Rizaira because I know that a state of mind that I haven't reached yet might give me new possibilities.

Even if you do reach the master class, it's unlikely.

So, in the end, all I can do is lean against the castle.

I now have some knowledge of the hidden powers of relics.

Tiamata gives you access to powerful divine powers. As such, she can wield both restorative and destructive powers.

Ellen's ramen can cut through anything.

The Alsbringer is the most powerful artifact to summon the power of the gods, but it comes at a cost.

I don't know what the true power of rapport is.

Tiamata's keyword is anger.

The keyword for ramen is sadness.

The keyword in Alsbringer is sacrifice.

Rappelt's keyword is hate.

If there's a slim chance I'll survive even reaching the master class.

Maybe we should be doing something different.

"There's something I'd like to ask you both."

At my words, both Luna and Ronan look at me.

"Tell me."

"Ask."

If the clue is in the artifact.

"Do you know where the Holy Window, Alixion, is?"

I've seen it in books, so I know what it looks like.

The final holy grail in the form of a window.

Relic of Riter, God of Courage.

Where is Alixion and what is its true power?

I figured these two would know that.

I've seen glimpses of Alixion in the past when looking up information about Tiamata and other holy objects, but I didn't really know much about it.

It's just that it's an artifact in the form of a spear.

Of course, once it's in my hands, I don't know how well I'll be able to use it, having only ever wielded a sword.

However, I wonder if the true power of the artifact might give me a one-of-a-kind possibility.

Their answer to my question was simple.

"I don't know."

At Ronan's answer, Luna shook her head, as if to say that she felt the same way.

When you say that the lapel was a monthly fee, is that something associated with the name?

But their "I don't know" seemed a little different than just saying they didn't know.

Luna says, carefully scooping up a spoonful of meat soup.

"Technically, no one can find Alixion."

"So....... doesn't exist in the world?"

"No."

Luna shakes her head.

It was Ronan, not Luna, who answered.

"Alixion is a holy grail that comes to visit."

"They're coming?"

"Yes. It comes to those who need it, which is why there have been so few Alixion appearances in its long history."

The idea of coming to you, not looking for you.

That was pretty foreign to me.

It was also quite bizarre to see a snowy mountain village talking about a holy relic, which is arguably the most important object in the world.

"When I need it, it comes to me....... Are you saying that if I need it, Alixion will appear in front of me?"

"Then everyone in the world would be able to use Alixion. Alixion doesn't answer ordinary wishes."

"That out-of-the-ordinary wish is....... What is it?"

Luna receives Ronan's words.

"It's a holy relic of Ritter. What do you need?"

a.

"Is the container....... ?"

"Right."

Since he is the god of courage, does this mean that he is an artifact that responds to the wishes of those with courage?

Courage.

Isn't that a bit of a stretch?

Going to the person who actually almost killed me and asking them to do something about it, even though it's the truth, isn't that courageous?

Don't you think you deserve to be the owner of Alixion?

Maybe it's hubris, but I certainly think so.

Luna looks at me with a stern expression on her face.

"Reinhard, what do you think is the most important thing about courage?"

"Is that ......?"

For a moment, I didn't understand what Luna was saying.

"The most important thing about courage is....... What is it besides courage? Bravery? Confidence? What....... like that?"

When I didn't seem to understand, Luna shook her head.

"Say you have a fearsome enemy. Say, for example, the otherworldly dragon you spoke of. A dreaded foe that you could never face in the usual way."

"It's ......."

"Imagine you're standing in front of it, determined to do something about it, even though you know you can't. Imagine standing in front of it with the mindset that it's going to work."

"It's ......."

"Do you think that's courage?"

If that's not courage, I don't know what is.

but then I realized that Luna had something to say, so I held my tongue.

It was Ronan, not Luna, who spoke up.

"Such a thing is not called courage, but all-powerfulness."

With that, I was at a loss for words.

"For all things to be courageous, what would it take?"

Luna holds still and stares into my eyes.

Versatility and courage.

The difference.

I think about the difference between the two concepts, which I've never really thought about seriously.

Tolerance and courage are technically very similar words. The idea of trying to stand up to something is the same.

However, all-purpose is a word that inherently implies stupidity.

Why it's stupid.

It's foolish because it's arrogant to believe that you can defeat an opponent you can't defeat.

What makes courage different then.

When all-purpose loses its foolishness, it will become courageous.

Pride and foolishness removed.

Only for the wise and those who know what they are capable of.

"......."

You fight back, even though you know you can't, even though you know it's hard.

That is, if you understand your opponent well enough to stand up to them.

I couldn't help but realize what was most important about courage.

"Fear....... ."

"Yeah."

It's not bravery, pride, or determination that makes courage courageous.

Knowing your opponent.

Fear of the opponent.

Fighting back nonetheless.

That was the true test of courage.





