Episode 495.





I dread the final fight.

I'm also scared of the Ellens I might have to deal with someday.

I don't think I can take on Ellen or the dragon in my current state. At this rate, I'll have to use the Alsbringer and sacrifice my life, so I've come to Rizaira for the next step.

No matter what I accomplish here, I will be in the final fight.

So what I have is not courage, but more of a tolerance or a willingness to come.

Because I have an Alsbringer, all my actions must be universal.

I can't have true courage because I know that if all else fails, I'll end up using Alsbringer.

"Fear and dread, not abandoning it, but facing it with fear and dread, that's courage."

I nodded slowly at Luna's words.

To let go of fears, to embrace them instead of forgetting them, to face them despite feeling the fear and dread that threatens to choke the life out of them.

That's what it took to get Alixion on board.

Alyxion is a similar artifact to Alsbringer.

Just as Alsbringer chooses as its master those who can die for the world, so Alixion appears at the wish of those who have shown true courage.

If I understand what true courage is, and show it in the presence of an otherworldly dragon, will Alixion appear before me according to my wishes?

But, what does that change?

"The real power of Alixion is....... What is it?"

"The Holy Spear Alixion is a holy object that visits those who feel true terror at an enemy they cannot resist, and who nevertheless stand up to it. What would you give to such a person, what would they need?"

It is a gift from the gods to those who show true courage.

It's already conditioned itself.

True courage drawn from true fear.

What it can and should give.

"Whatever it is you're up against."

Luna's words were simple.

"That's it."

For those who are willing to fight a reckless battle, to face their fears and fears alone, only strength will do.

No matter what your opponent is, Alixion will lend you the power to counter it.

No matter how powerful an otherworldly dragon may be, being chosen by Alixion, the Holy Spear, gives you the power to stand up to it.

In a way, Alixion is the ultimate holy grail.



* * *



If I were given an Alixion, all this nonsense might be for naught.

But it's ridiculous.

Now that I know about Alixion, my chances of getting one are even slimmer.

Just as my leaning on Alsbringer in the final fight is more about all-powerfulness than courage.

Standing in front of an enemy in the hopes that Alixion will find you in the final fight is a far cry from true courage.

Rather, knowing that Alixion is an artifact that responds to and chooses true courage, I realize that even if I were to exercise true courage, it could not be pure.

They say knowledge is bliss.

It was the perfect match.

I wish I didn't know, but Luna and Ronan didn't tell me when I didn't want to know, I asked.

I don't know.

Don't expect Alixion to be yours.

It is also ridiculous to deliberately fear and terrorize the enemy while pondering what true courage is.

If Alixion chooses me, that's a great situation, but otherwise, I have to stand in front of it.

Alixion is a powerful artifact and hasn't been seen much in the past.

Anticipation is a luxury.

I don't think there's some powerful force at work that's going to make Alixion show up at the wrong time in the wrong place.

So, I do what I have to do.

The eyes didn't stop there.

Before heading out into the forest, I joined the villagers in clearing the snow from the village and the roofs that had accumulated overnight.

Not just Ellen's house, but the roofs of other villagers' homes. Some of the people in Rizaira needed a young man's hands.

-It's Reinhardt! Come down and have a cup of ginger tea!

"Yes, Grandma!"

Because they were guests for so long, they were often treated as part of the village.

It was pretty funny.

No one will treat me the same way now that I've been revealed as a demon.

However, I wonder what Reinhardt, the Temple bastard, would think if he saw me out in the countryside making a big deal out of being liked by old ladies and gentlemen.

No, it's even funnier when the devil does it.

If someone were to broadcast me like this live across the continent, would they realize I'm not such a dangerous bastard?

A lumberjack, an uprooter, a plowman, and a snowplowman.

As Rizaira's life got older, she began to think of nothing else.

Once the snow was cleared, I grabbed a shovel and pickaxe and headed over the snowy mountain into the forest.

I felt a little silly going out to plow a field on a day when it was too snowy to walk, but to be honest, I was glad I did.

The harder the task, the more focused you need to be.

So in the end, the harsh situation was good for me, not bad. I'm going to the field, but it's not the goal.

"......shit."

Of course, it's true that I was getting frustrated as my feet were sinking in and the path to the clearing on the outskirts of Rizaira, a good distance away, was covered in snow.

I could honestly melt all the snow in town, not to mention the road in front of me.

I thought about just closing my eyes and writing it out, but in the end, I didn't and started trudging through the snow.

Anything I can do, Luna can do.

We still don't know what the group wants or does, but Rizaira basically doesn't use her mystical powers in real life.

I should say naturalistic.

Out of respect for Lizaira and Luna's lifestyle, I'm not going to use powers that shouldn't be there.

A lot of things would have been easier with the Flame of Tuesday.

We could have thawed and cleared the ground that was starting to freeze in the first place, so the clearing would have already been done.

I didn't.

By not doing so, I was able to create a mental state that allowed me to maintain my enchantments with extreme efficiency throughout the day and even in my sleep.

I don't think we can use the Flames of Wrath just because it's convenient now.

I realize now that inconvenience is definitely worth it.

"Ugh."

Still.

It was an inconvenience.......



* * *



If left untreated, the snow that falls and accumulates will gradually melt into ice.

Scooping out the snow, breaking up the frozen snow underneath with a pickaxe, Reinhardt did the long, tedious work of clearing.

The snow that falls in the mountains in winter doesn't melt anytime soon. Often, it melts slowly until the next season arrives, and then suddenly disappears on a warm day.

So while the snow hasn't come back since the first few days, it's been everywhere in Rizaira in the winter.

On those days, Reinhardt would still follow the mountain trails long after the townspeople had cleared the snow and the children had stopped having snowball fights, returning only as the sun was setting.

Another day, two days, a week, a month passed.

The work was still slow.

No matter how strong you are physically, there are limits to how strong your equipment can be, so you have to control the force, and no matter how much you control it, it's still possible to bend a shovel blade or break an axe blade.

Reinhardt was in a trance-like state, slamming shovel blades and pickaxes into the ground and chipping away at stones.

Some days you do those things mechanically for days on end, like you've forgotten what you're doing.

And so, the winter has passed and the snow in the forests and mountains has moved beyond freezing and into a kind of sublimation.

One of those days that signals warmer weather and all you have to do is wait for the snow to melt.

Luna watched Reinhardt's face.

Reinhardt was watching from just one step behind, but he didn't even realize Luna was there.

-Poof!

A shovel that sticks too easily into the frozen ground.

-Puck!

Luna watches as the blade of the pickaxe penetrates the ground like a tofu instead of hitting it.

"Congratulations, Reinhard."

"......?"

Suddenly, Reinhardt spins around at the sound of a voice behind him.

"Congratulations?"

"Yeah."

Luna points to the shovel Reinhard is holding.

"Have you not entered the next trance?"

Reinhardt's shovel glowed with blue mana.

"Hey, what's this?"

"......."

So focused was Reinhardt that he didn't even realize he'd gone over the edge at some point.

Luna smiles at Reinhardt, who stares blankly at the shovel he's holding.

"Stop plowing the ground, it means nothing to you anymore."

"......."

At Luna's words, Reinhardt looks around in confusion.

The vast forest was almost completely cleared. For a moment, Reinhardt stares at his great, yet humble, accomplishment, and then he turns his attention to Luna.

"I'm running out of time, can't I just finish it?"

"......."

Rather than being happy to be a masterclass, Reinhardt's mouth twitches as if he's disappointed that he didn't get to finish the task in its entirety.

"Only if you really want to......."

After so many years of bizarre behavior, Reinhardt had developed a strange aberration.

"Then you're in the way, so go away."

"......."

-Puck!

With that, Reinhardt started pawing at the ground.



* * *



Once I reached the master class, the pace of work was bound to pick up tremendous momentum.

It was like having the strongest shovel and pickaxe in the world, so I could use my full strength.

In the end, I managed to finish all the remaining parts of my year's work in one day. By breaking and cutting through the frozen ground.

So when I asked what I could do to distract myself, Luna's instructions to plow the field were complete.

The excitement of being a master class.

Actually, I'm not sure.

I'm not even sure when this became possible.

If there was such a thing as a wall, shouldn't we have already jumped over it?

I stare at the fork I'm holding, blue energy wrapped around it.

I can't really tell what's changed, but I can definitely enchant the objects I hold.

Technically, I wielded the sword the most, but shoveling and pickaxing turned into a master class.

No, but isn't this also a martial arts kind of thing, so you can call it whatever you want?

"Congratulations, Reinhard."

"Oh, yeah....... Thanks to......."

I nodded, dumbfounded, at Ronan's words.

"Thanks, we didn't teach you anything. You figured it all out on your own."

Luna merely ate her bread as she said that, and Ronan nodded.

You don't have to thank me for this.

Luna definitely taught me something, but not directly.

I fed them, put them to bed, and made the occasional rambling comment, but that's not technically teaching them.

To be fair, Arta did teach me a lot.

That doesn't mean I didn't really learn from them, I couldn't say the same.

Ronan only spoke of the spark of the heart.

Luna only said a few words about my feelings.

It was more about a mindset than a teaching.

Have we forgotten the agony?

It didn't.

Have you come to a conclusion about my complicated feelings?

That's not it either.

Luna and Ronan say that's why they didn't teach me anything.

However, I can't say I really learned anything.

My time with them, my days in Rizaira.

I couldn't help but think that they were just feeding and sheltering me while I went about my personal practice.

Whatever complicated thoughts I have, Luna says, eating her bread.

"I'm going to gather the villagers."

"......."

"Leave tonight."

It's nighttime, after all, and I can stay up for another day or so.

I couldn't.

By saying that, you're admitting that you're afraid to go back out into the world.

I don't want to postpone the moment when I'm confronted with things that have changed in my absence.

You can't afford to be here for one more day when you can't wait to get back home.

So Luna wants to get me out quickly, before I get weak, because she's accomplished her goal. She's not trying to get me out quickly for her sake, but for my sake.

I'm sure that's what you're thinking.

By the way.

That blunt statement.

I was disappointed.

A lot.

Quite a bit, a lot.

I was disappointed.





