Episode 496.





At the center of Rizaira is the town hall.

It's where the whole village gathers during feasts, and it's where people gathered when I first arrived in Rizaira.

Since there was nothing to do in the winter, it was always a place where the villagers gathered to chat with the elderly and play with the children.

Late at night.

It wasn't a feast, but the townspeople gathered to hear that I, a longtime guest, was leaving.

"I miss you, my dear."

"He'll be fine wherever he goes. He's got a pulpit, so he'll be good at whatever he does."

"You're going in the middle of the night, why don't you go when it's daylight?"

The old men hugged me and patted me on the back.

Some were concerned about me leaving in the middle of the night, but most just nodded and said nothing, knowing it was Luna's decision.

"Thank you for your efforts."

"I feel like I'm working all the time without getting any rest."

"I'm going to have to give you a few potatoes, just hold on a second."

"I need to get some jerky. Stay here for a minute."

The aunts and uncles rushed back to the house, bringing back sacks of preserves, as if they had to give me something to eat since I was going to be gone for so long.

So much so that I can't take it all.

"Bro, why are you leaving already?"

"I didn't even get to play with my brother that much."

"Can't we just live here?"

"I was going to marry my brother when I grew up!"

"You were supposed to marry me!"

"Uht you're ugly!"

The kids were making dizzying noises.

I don't know how to handle kids, and I've never played with them properly.

But time is a bully, and there have been many times when I've tried to force myself to play with my kids, and they've bugged me all day.

I greeted people one by one, and at the end I stood in front of Arta and Lena.

"Are you going?"

"Right."

Arta is, frankly, not a sappy guy. Just like I am.

But he's the one who can tell me exactly what's wrong with me and point me in the right direction, so to speak.

I didn't have a particularly emotional goodbye to Arta.

I took his outstretched hand in mine.

"May the sun and the moon be with you."

With a quick handshake, Arta spoke in a very low voice, so only I could hear her.

Unlike Lena, it was clear that Arta knew about the monthly allowance.

"You could have stayed a little longer, I'm sure you have your own reasons for leaving."

"Well, yeah."

Lena said with tears in her eyes. In a way, she was just like the country girl I thought she was.

Lena took care of me in a place that was neither too close nor too far away.

"I guess I never got around to asking you why you couldn't come with Ellen."

Lena wipes a tear from the corner of her eye and smiles.

"Well, whatever, it'll work out."

I know enough to know that believing that doesn't make it so.

"If it doesn't work, make it work."

But without that level of faith, you can't accomplish anything.

and everything will be fine.

We'll make it work.

I stayed in Rizaira for a long time, but that's all I had to say goodbye to.

Goodbyes shouldn't be long.



* * *



There were so many things that the villagers had given me, that Luna ended up giving me the bare minimum in a backpack.

I strapped on my backpack and put my long-lost scrollbook back on.

I put on the traveling clothes I had worn when I entered Rizaira. It had been a while since I'd worn it, but Luna had cleaned it.

I saw villagers waving at me from a distance as I walked back.

The Outer Rim of Rizaira.

Now it was just Luna and Ronan standing around me.

"Honey."

Ronan nodded at Luna's words.

Ronan Artorius stands before me.

Intimidating to look at, it reeked more of a male than an adult.

Despite his blunt demeanor, he is also a very vulnerable person who sometimes shows his vulnerability to Luna.

Luna isn't a big talker either, but Ronan was especially soft-spoken.

It wasn't that he didn't like me, it was just the way he was.

"Reinhardt."

"Yes."

He puts his hand on my shoulder.

"Are you sure you can make Ellen happy?"

I felt my breath catch in my throat at that simple question.

That's not an easy thing to say.

However, just as Ronan's question was not an easy one to answer, neither was mine.

I have no idea what the future holds.

"To be honest, not much."

"......."

Even if I die.

Even if Ellen dies.

We will make each other unhappy.

I don't know where to start or what to do to repair this twisted relationship.

"But I'll do what I can, and if I can't, I'll find a way."

We don't know how we're going to find the outcome that makes us both happy, but we're going to find it. Just as you found Lizaira by looking for a way into the master class, and were able to achieve that goal.

If there's no way, they'll try to figure it out.

I'm not confident, but I was always going to find a way, and I did.

That was the best I could do at the time.

Ronan stares at me, still.

"Yes, my words to you as you go out into the world, the best answer for you that you can hear from me is this."

"What is......?"

"But you, from what I've seen of you lately."

Ronan grabs me by the shoulders.

"I, for one, am in favor."

Probably.

I felt like I had been accepted as a son-in-law by Ronan.

"Go, Reinhardt."

It was also the last time I said goodbye to Ronan.



* * *



"Follow me."

"It's ......."

After saying goodbye to everyone, Luna Artorius crossed the mountainside outside of Rizaira.

It was still winter, and I was wearing only the clothes I came in wearing.

In retrospect, I should have packed a coat, even though the temperature didn't really matter.

Luna stands on the side of a mountain outside of Rizaira, looking at me.

Just as I met Luna in the moonlight one night while wandering the Sren Mountains. Even now, when I must leave Rizaira, I find myself facing Luna in the moonlight of a certain night.

"You will never set foot in Rizaira again."

"It's ......."

From what she said, it's unlikely I'll ever return to Rizaira.

It would be a luxury to think about whether I'd ever set foot in Rizaira again, as it was unclear if I'd ever live through that lifetime.

Here I was a guest, not a demon.

Where the only thing to fear is nature.

Life in a mountain village isn't easy, but in a life with so much to fear and so many things to worry about, Rizaira was a safe place.

Where you just do what Luna tells you to do.

I realized that this is the kind of life I want to live someday.

Even if it wasn't Lizaira, I realized that when all was said and done, I'd like to leave my overly-careful life behind and live a life where the only thing I have to worry about is the weather for today and tomorrow, and food for the long winter.

But this is not the world I was given.

I have a world to live in.

As such, they could only be guests of Rizaira, not residents.

I have to leave.

"Is there anything you'd like to say in closing?"

I want to say.

I have a lot of questions, and a lot of things I want to say.

What is a per diem.

Who you are.

Why they have such mysterious powers and don't interfere in the affairs of the world.

I had a lot of mixed feelings about it.

But there was one thing I wanted to say.

"I'm sorry."

"......?"

"I'm sorry."

I know that sounds ridiculously cheesy, but I honestly feel like crying right now.

No, it's not!

I've been here for months, and as soon as they see I've moved up to masterclass, they kick me out.

This is so ridiculously sad! People are so heartless!

Luna's lips twitched slightly in embarrassment at my outburst.

"Well, that's too bad. So....... What do you want me to do, what do you want me to do......."

"You asked me what I wanted to say, not how to do it, so I said what I wanted to say. I'm sorry, I'm just saying."

"You can say things like that, and you have a cute little side to you that makes it seem like you don't."

"I know."

"......ha."

Luna glares at me in response.

"I thought you were going to ask me about the secrets of the January Party, but....... I guess I overestimated you."

"I'm human, too."

Honestly, I'm curious about that too.

But in hindsight, I wonder if it matters.

No matter what I ask or say, Luna is a rule-bound creature.

They may satisfy my curiosity a few times, but they won't change anything in the real world.

Honestly, it's not like I have any idea what a monthly fee is.

"What's with the January party....... I wonder if it has something to do with the long-lost vampires of Sunday and Monday."

Recognizing the Flame of the Day. You recognize Elyse as an ancient Archdemon.

As the name suggests, it was somewhat inevitable that the January Party would be associated with him.

At my words, Luna stares at me.

"Do you want to know? About my monthly paycheck."

Existence of a monthly party.

The secret.

"I want to know, of course."

They say that curiosity can't change anything in the real world.

Even if it didn't change anything, I was curious.

"Follow me."

Luna led the way.

Despite the winter moon, the night in the mountains was too dark.

But she led the way with slow but sure steps, as if she could see in the dark.

I followed along to make sure I didn't miss her backside.

Walking behind her, I arrived at a place I knew well.

In the summer, I once practiced zazen under a waterfall.

That deep ravine where kids used to splash around.

It was winter, so the waterfall, which was quite magnificent, was frozen solid, and the valley was frozen solid.

Luna stands over the frozen valley, looking at me.

"Let me ask you a question."

"......."

Luna opens her mouth to speak.

"Do you think we are bad?"

"......."

"Do you think it's bad that we hide from the world, that we turn a blind eye to what's going on in the world, that we hide from the children in the village what's going on in the world."

Luna didn't seem to protest.

"There's no reason to say it's bad."

There's no reason they should have to sacrifice themselves for the world. Just because they're strong, just because they wield some mysterious power whose identity is unknown.

Just because that power can help the world doesn't mean they have to risk their lives to do it.

Still, there was a certain cruelty to it.

I knew it in my head, but I couldn't say I didn't have a part of me that wanted to help.

"At the very least, I'm curious."

"What?"

"Why you have to hide. Why you have to turn away."

I stare at Luna, who remains still, looking up at the sky.

"I don't know about anything else, but I feel like I have to."

"......."

She turns and looks at me this time. There's a law in the Jiwaldang, and it's not that we don't interfere in the affairs of the world, it's that we can't.

So when she tried to kill me in the past, she seemed like someone who was determined to do something.

She walked toward the frozen waterfall.

She waved her hand, and as if space were opening up, a path appeared in the middle of the waterfall.

Even when I was zazen, I never saw the cave behind the waterfall; her power had revealed the hidden space.

This is the space behind the waterfall where kids have been swimming and playing without a care in the world.

She walked toward the path that had suddenly appeared, and I followed.

She snapped her fingers, and soon the deserted hallway began to glow with pale white magic lights. No, she wasn't even sure it was a magic light.

Luna walks down a long hallway, the pale glow of magic lanterns hanging at regular intervals along its walls.

What kind of space is this?

But I knew enough to know that I was approaching the secrets of Lizaira.

"As you say, the Januaryites are a group related to the ancient Lord Vampires, named Sunday and Monday. How much do you know about them?"

I nodded at her words.

"They're long gone, and all we know is that even the road vampires have no idea what Monday and Sunday used to be."

Monday (月曜) and Sunday (日曜).

I don't know what they are, just as Elise doesn't know what they are.

"The desire of mortals for immortality is inevitable."

She walks still down the hall.

"For a very long time, yes."

After walking down the hallway for a while, we soon came to a huge hollow.

There was something in the middle of it, like a hanger, but nothing was hanging from it.

She walked past the cavity and kept walking.

Once again, the corridor continued, and I could see strange symbols carved into the walls.

"Of course humans existed before time was written down, and the mysteries, whether they be witchcraft, runes, rituals, or forbidden arts, have existed since the beginning of human history."

"Fear of death."

"It is perhaps the universal desire of mortals to long for eternal life."

"Even before magic was systematized, before the practice of physical and mental strength in the name of enchantment became commonplace, there were countless attempts to achieve immortality through such studies and attempts in the immeasurably distant past."

"That mystery, that myriad of things that you don't really know what they are, but they're powerful."

"The end of such mysteries."

Soon, Luna and I made our way through the corridor and came to another cavity.

This cavity was much larger than the one we just passed.

In the cavity were two sculptures.

The left side was glowing yellowish and reddish, and the red and yellow were swirling together.

The right side was glowing blue, white, and yellow.

It wasn't hard to figure out what it was.

Sun and Moon.

It would have been an embodiment of it.

"The source of all existence and the end of mystery, lending power and performing miracles to those who believe and pray."

The pinnacle of mystery.

"God."

She approaches the moon sculpture, still, and places her hand on it.

"A long, long time ago, when the gods had no names, the moon-worshippers prayed."

"Give me eternal immortality."

"The moon gave them the blessing of immortality they wanted."

"Except they didn't ask the sun."

"Living in a world ruled by the sun and the moon, I prayed to only one power."

"The sun, perhaps, hated them."

"The reasons were complex, but the results were simple."

"I wanted immortality, so I had to pay a reasonable price to get it."

"Bless the moon."

"The sun had a cursed clan."

"A clan was born, cursed to be immortal, unable to walk under the sun, and able to continue their lineage only in the barbaric and archaic way of taking the lifeblood of another being."

"Do you know what I mean, Reinhard?"

Luna looks at me.

"Monday, the first vampire."

Vampires were, and are, gods.





