243.





I'm pretty sure it wouldn't have worked as well if I had come alone.

Everyone here knew about Olivia Lanze.

"Oh, this is Reinhardt, a freshman who is a superpowered junior with a very exciting future."

"Psychic?"

"This junior had a vision and created a place called the Magical Research Society."

"Ho-ho, what are they working on?"

"Ms. Olivia, it's an honor to meet you."

"Haha, hello. I'm Reinhardt, a freshman......."

People wanted to get a word in with Olivia Lanchester, who was now famous in a different sense, and Olivia introduced me like a sales pitch. I emphasized my magical research organization and the need for substantial funding.

While the attendance from the four major organizations was stellar, the competition was just as strong.

They were high-ranking nobles from the imperial states, as well as members of the imperial aristocracy and other organizations.

Olivia talked to them all, and introduced me to them.

But as Olivia expected, the results weren't great.

"Oh, that's great, I'm rooting for you, Reinhardt."

"Then maybe you could donate to......."

"Ah, but more than that, Ms. Olivia. What are you thinking about after graduation?"

He'd rather have Olivia on board than sponsor the Magical Research Society, which Olivia had brought up.

Olivia Ranze was a star in the sky when she was supposed to join the Crusaders. But now that she's not joining the Crusaders, she's a huge commodity on the free agent market.

The magical society took a backseat, and it was clear that everyone was trying to get Olivia involved in some way.

But when I realized that Olivia's intention was not to find a career, but to get sponsorship for a club her juniors had started, I stopped paying attention.

Even though I coveted the super-sized property, I knew that the intention of the sale was to help a kid build a ridiculous invention.

The vice-president of the Magic Association, a man named Sangtriden, was baffled.

"Mmmm....... It's good to dream big, Mr. Reinhardt."

I felt a little sorry for them. There was no point in telling me that my teammate was an untapped genius.

"That's not working."

Olivia scratched her cheek, a little embarrassed.

"It's not that they can't come, it's that they have no reason to come."

"Yeah, that's right......."

Being here has made me realize something.

It's a scouting ground and a place to sponsor talent that's close to graduation.

Obviously, the shorter the sponsorship period, the better. It's more cost-effective to sponsor a student closer to graduation than it is to sponsor a first-year student until they graduate.

Therefore, the best candidates for sponsorship are grades 5 and 