Episode 499.





Olivia Ranze and the priests take a moment to marvel at the arrival of the giant army of spirits, but then they have to get down to business.

The fight against the unidentifiable masses of demons was taking on a form that I wasn't sure if I should call a fight or not.

The enormous, overwhelming figure of hate suddenly tore through the air into a pile of dozens of souls, plummeting to the ground and crashing down on the paladins and priests.

-Crrrrrrrrr!

-Ah....... Two, Tuan.......

The spirits quickly overtook the paladins and priests, and they began to cry out in agony, fainting and clutching their heads with foam in their mouths.

-Puck! Puck!

Unable to withstand the strain on their minds and bodies, their bodies and faces began to swell in a puffy mass, and one by one they began to burst.

Those who didn't explode began to exhibit strange behavior.

-Quiet!

-skuck!

As if overwhelmed by something, he began to swing his sword indiscriminately at the priests and paladins around him.

"Possession......."

It's not uncommon for evil spirits and demons to possess humans and do nasty things to them.

However, it was capable of possessing and wielding highly trained paladins and priests.

They were powerful and overwhelming demons.

Some have even had their bodies disintegrate under the weight of the demonic possession.

They were the most powerful spirits the world had ever seen.

The fragments of the original demon protruding from the torn body of the priestess begin to rampage, looking for their next host.

You don't know what to do with the possessed, but you must deal with them before they possess you.

Olivia runs toward the rampaging spirits.

"Judgment on those who have strayed from the path of purity."

Tiamata responds to Olivia's holy chant and begins to glow a brilliant golden color.

You can't think about justification.

At this rate, the priesthood will be wiped out.

You have to do everything you can.

"Peace to those who have no rest."

-Woof!

As Olivia lunges at the creature, which is trying to find its next host, she roughly stabs Tiamata.

"Power to destroy all that is beyond reason."

-Flash!

-Kaahhhhhh!

"Be in my hands!"

Olivia Ranze is the only priest in the world who doesn't appeal to God.

-Crack!

Olivia and the other priests could clearly see the storm-like release of golden divine power, and how the demons it engulfed were torn into a thousand pieces in an instant.

Olivia calls out to the priests.

"It's not something you can't defeat! Harden your heart and face it! It's just a bunch of demons that can't die and wander the world!"

Everyone in the priesthood gritted their teeth at Olivia's harsh cry.

They are the great powers against the unclean.

No matter how much time you've spent dealing with monsters, it's more in the nature of priests to confront and exorcize these unholy beings.

So don't panic.

No matter how powerful the demon, no matter how powerful the grudge.

Obviously, it can be destroyed.



* * *



The devil is back.

After saying he might be gone for a while, he returned less than a month later.

But when the entourage saw the returning demon, they couldn't help but notice the strangeness of Reinhardt's appearance.

"Reinhard......?"

"Long time no see. How are you?"

"Uh-huh. It's me....... You said it would take forever....... At least you're early. Why are you touching your hair......."

Reinhardt's expression was indelibly pleased as he touched Herriot's head, saying he'd missed her.

His demeanor, eyes, and demeanor were that of a man who had spent a very long time in a very faraway place.

There was something different about not only the look in his eyes, but the momentum itself.

Instead of feeling anxious and impatient, I felt like I was well prepared, with a certain sense of relaxation and calm.

"And Charlotte?"

"I'll be in the Oval Office."

"Everything okay?"

"Oh....... that......."

"Why, did something happen?"

"That's....... You'd be better off listening to Charlotte."

It's not like the seasons have changed, but time did eventually pass.

So, it was inevitable that something would happen while the devil was away.



* * *



I realize that there is no perfect justice in the world.

It was clear to me that if I chose something, I would lose something.

I also knew that when you sit down to make too many decisions, you're bound to sacrifice someone because you think you're making a good choice for everyone.

But every time the things I knew in my head became true and stared me in the face, I had to realize that this position was too much for me.

"Riana is......?"

"Yes."

Riana was sifting through the refugees.

I've lost count of how many survivors have died at Riana's hands.

I nodded dumbly, listening to Charlotte's sobering report.

I was worried that something big was going to happen in my absence.

But the stool was already there.

It was still going on as I sat there.

I just didn't realize it.

"So until you get back and make a new judgment, we're suspending all survivor searches, and we're suspending all base relocation efforts."

After all, I'm in charge.

Charlotte halted all progress, reserving all judgment until I returned.

Regardless of what happened, I can't help but admire Charlotte's abilities.

I hadn't even realized it until now, and then I saw it in the report.

At the end of the day, it's not people like me who should be in this position, it's Charlotte.

"By the way, where have you been? You said you were going to be a while, and I thought you wouldn't be back for a while......."

Charlotte shook her head.

"And something....... seems to have changed a lot."

"Really?"

"Yeah, I don't know how to say it, but......."

Just as Harriet looked a little unfamiliar with me, Charlotte seemed to feel a little unfamiliar with me.

As Charlotte spoke, I was at a loss for words.

I've spent quite a bit of time in a world where time flows differently from reality.

If you come back and say that no time has passed, will you believe me?

"Where did you go and what did you do?"

"Um......."

I can't talk about the monthly fee directly. Luna didn't tell me to keep quiet about the monthly fee, but it wouldn't do me any good to go around talking about it.

But if you ask me what I did in Lizaira, I don't really have a reason to hide it.

It's not like there's anything wrong with that, right?

If I do say so myself, what I did for a few months was pretty bizarre.

"I'm back from chopping wood and plowing fields."

"......?"

Charlotte thought I was making some kind of joke or something, and she tried to force herself to laugh.



* * *



We need to think about Riana's problem.

It wasn't just a question of whether or not to punish Riana, but that wasn't the only problem Charlotte told me.

Some deep pit outside of Mott Mokna that Riana drove people into and killed.

"One soul?"

"Yeah, the Master of Demand said there might be a problem later because of all the listening that's going on there."

Apparently, Charlotte has already briefed the Senate on the matter.

I've seen ghosts in action on Vampire Council. But I've heard that it doesn't have much impact in the real world.

However, Lucinil realized that too many demons could have real-world consequences.

"Well, for starters, the Holy Order's prefect, Olivia Ranze, was dispatched this morning, so she might be the right person for the job."

"I see."

"Actually, I don't know that we need to do anything, because if we abandoned Port Mokna, that would solve the problem....... But they want to get rid of the fire roots."

With Tuan's divine power, and Olivia sharing Tiamata with me, she would be able to exorcise or purify a great many spirits.

The gathering spirits may cause some problems, but Olivia has already been dispatched to deal with them.

"And the Empire has now begun organizing a massive expeditionary force to take over the remaining gates."

Taking down gates that were once impossible with a handful of commandos.

Now the Empire is organizing a massive army to break the last of the gates.

The collective might of humanity will be gathered, and one by one, we will wage an all-out war to destroy the remaining warp gates.

The strongest and last army humanity has ever organized.

Without that army, humanity would be doomed.

"We'll have to do something about that."

You can't help them overtly, but you should think of ways to support them behind the scenes.

After all, gating is everyone's problem.

"Anyway, great job while I was gone."

"Uh, huh? No, what....... It's a job to be done......."

Charlotte's face flushed a little at my coined phrase.

I learned something I didn't want to know, but I needed to know.

She can see and read things that I can't. So, I think it was a good idea to bring Charlotte to Edina.



* * *



Upon returning from Rizaira, I realized that not only was the world out of whack, but Edina was out of whack, too.

The most urgent decision was about Riana.

I could have called a meeting of the Senate to make a decision, but I decided to confront Riana face-to-face.

I know she's been cheating on me, but she's been doing it under the guise that she's making a judgment call for me.

Whatever it is, we need to talk about it.

I was hoping to find Elyse or Lucinil among the Lord Vampires, but they were absent, and the only one left in the castle was Antrianus, who had returned from an intelligence gathering trip.

"You're back, great one."

As always, it's been a while since we've seen Antirrhynchus being as polite as possible on the outside while being vicious on the inside.

I never thought I'd see the day when I'd look back on this old man with fondness.

"I got the job done faster than I thought I would."

"That's a good thing."

It wasn't actually a quick fix, but the more I talked about it, the more complicated it became, so I had to skirt around it.

Until this morning, I was in Rizaila.

I had the odd feeling that every moment of my stay in Rizaira had suddenly become an incredibly distant past.

There will never be a day when I can return to Rizaira, and I shouldn't hope for it.

Because even if everything works out the way I wish it would, I still have a ton of people to answer to.

So pretend you've had a very long, very long dream.

I couldn't imagine a life like that, and being suddenly thrown into it was a luxury.

"By the way, since you're looking for me, do you have somewhere to be?"

"I need to go to Port Mokna."

"Ah....... You mean that place? I hear there's been a lot of bad stuff going on there lately."

Antirrhinus smiled, as if he knew why I wanted to go there.

To be honest, I don't know the exact situation there, so I don't know the level of the actual threat.

"Well, I'll get right on it."

Antrianus begins casting Mass Teleport.





500 episodes





It was a hopeless situation on the battlefield against the Demon Collective.

-Betrayers of reason! May you perish before the name of Tuan!

This cleric is capable of harnessing the divine power of both demons and gods, but for now we need the power of the gods.

Olivia leapt toward the paladin, who had begun attacking priests and paladins indiscriminately while possessed.

They can't do anything for fear of offending their coworkers.

-Bam!

Olivia cries out as she twists the leash of the rampaging possessed paladin.

"Fade away, you peculiar beings!"

-Flash!

"My God, there's no place for you!"

-curl!

A golden storm from Olivia's hands enveloped the possessed paladin.

-Twitter!

-Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

As if set ablaze by a golden flame, the evil spirits that occupied the paladin's body oxidize in a fierce billow of black smoke.

In the soul-searing golden flames, Olivia could see the light return to the dazed paladin's eyes.

"Off....... ugh......."

But that was short-lived, as Izzy returned and the paladin fell to the ground in a heap of bubbles.

I'd only been subdued for a few moments, but it was clear that my mind was already broken.

This was just one piece of a giant demon that had dozens of pieces.

The mere act of possessing a priesthood that could be called the Hundred Warriors is enough to blow it to smithereens, dominate those who have the presence of mind to handle it, and break the minds of those who have broken free of the possession.

Olivia watches in disbelief as it is breached, even under the protection of holy power, and the demons seep into the priesthood.

This is.

Are they paying for their sins.

The sins committed by those who wield the power of the gods were not judged by the gods.

Hence the anger and hatred, the despair and terror, the bitterness and sorrow of men, piled up and congealed in the pit, condemn them.

Is it the hatred of men that judges those whom God has not judged.

But obviously, Olivia is not alone in this position.

For a moment, the dozens of fragments of the original demon consumed the priests, but then they saw Olivia, and they fought back.

Together, they were amplifying their holy power, protecting themselves with a powerful holy power that the demon could not enter, forcing it to retreat little by little.

You can fight back.

But Olivia sensed a change in the atmosphere.

A chill in the air.

The possessed look toward Olivia.

Just as you've identified the most threatening enemy in this situation.

-Currrrr!

One of the fragmented spirits, now a mass of demons, lunges at Olivia.

Olivia rather laughed.

"Yeah. Come on."

Tiamata is imbued with great divine power.

"I'll burn you."

No hate, no despair, no resentment.

It will vanish with the torch that burns the soul.

-Currrrrr!

The mass of demons lunging at Olivia was crushed by the storm of holy power released by Tiamata and vanished.

"Master, behind you!"

"......!"

But the frontal rush was meant to distract Olivia, and before she could turn around at the shout, a trio of demons were rushing toward her.

They burst out of the bodies of the possessed paladins and priests, and we were slow to react.

However, Olivia stood her ground and swung her sword at the first of the incoming demons.

-Bam!

With an eerie sensation that could hardly be described as cutting into an intangible form, a chunk of the primeval mass was torn away.

But the second.

-OffOffOff!

"......!"

It struck Olivia's cloak of divine power.

However, it could not penetrate the divine power surging through Olivia's body.

And then there was a third.

-Woof!

"Oops!"

Engulfed by the second primal mass, Olivia felt a gravity that took her breath away.

As if she were about to drown in a puddle of living mud. Olivia felt heavy, as if her limbs, as well as her hands, were suddenly out of control.

It became difficult to infuse Tiamata with holy power, let alone limbs.

Even with the torch burning away the unclean, the mass of the demon burned, but it still managed to trap Olivia.

-Currrrr!

As Olivia stopped moving, vague masses of darkness began to erupt from the bodies of the other possessed paladins and priests.

As if killing Olivia, or possessing her, is the only goal.

Dozens of demonic masses slip out of their possessed hosts and rush toward Olivia Ranze, who stands in place and tries to break free from their clinging grip.

-shiiiiprofit!

-Thump! Kung! Kugung!

One by one, like a giant lump of mud sticking to itself, chunks of the original spirit began to coat Olivia's body.

"Ugh....... Ugh......!"

The golden divine power pouring from Olivia's entire body was somehow preventing it from being consumed, but a vast amount of demons were screaming with hatred and trying to consume her somehow.

-Rescue the Lord!

Not only that, but the Priesthood also began to channel holy power to save Olivia from the attacks focused on her.

Fall or hold on.

It was a two-way street.

But Olivia, holding on with all her might, felt a chilling sense of dread as she stood in the muddy depths of the demonic muck, unable to see an inch.

It's not that they can't be defeated.

Olivia could see, up close and personal, the demons burning in the holy power Olivia was releasing, in the flames of Tiamata.

Apparently the demons are burning up and disappearing.

However, it's not just one ghost.

It is a collection of unfathomable demons.

They're here, and they seem to be fused, but they're still separate entities.

The unfathomable number of demons rush to consume Olivia as she fades away.

-Khhhhhhhhhh!

-MomAhhhhh.......

-I don't want to die.......

-Why am I.......

-Why do I have to die!

Desperate thoughts, whether from a dying terminal or a dying mind, pierced through the divine power and rattled Olivia's eardrums in the form of sound.

Despair.

-The king is.

-must die.

-Even those who side with the devil.

-Majesty.

-Everyone must die.......

-Why did you kill me?

Hate.

Olivia watched in horror as the creature, a demon that remained in the world even after death, burned its last breaths of existence to exact revenge on the demon king.

It's not a strong one.

Many.

Too many.

Even as the demons are consumed by Olivia's holy power, and the holy power of the priests, they continue to try to consume her.

As if it were self-destructing.

Like you're taking revenge with your existence.

So many demons, each one different.

But there is one wind.

Demon Death.

Fall of the Demon.

The destruction of those who follow the Devil.

Olivia gritted her teeth as she saw the hatred of mankind for the demon, the resentment of the dead.

"What....... know......."

You guys.

What the heck do you know.

Do you know even a fraction of the truth?

"You guys....... nothing....... You don't know anything......."

Unfair.

This is unfair.

You don't know anything.

The demons' hatred and anger eventually forced Olivia to react.

And it ended up being a gap in the mind.

In the end, it was a wobble.

-Bam!

Olivia's divine power has been breached.

Like water seeping through a rock.

Like water pouring toward a breached dike, which eventually collapses.

-Currrrr!

A swarm of black demons consumed Olivia's body.

"Ah....... Ah......!"

Dark spirits burrow into Olivia's mind in a matter of hours.

Must this be what it feels like to have your soul plundered.

A momentary lapse in Olivia's composure caused the last line of defense, the shroud of divine power, to dissipate, and Tiamata's golden holy glow to extinguish.

-Kurrrrrr

Swallowed up by the flood of souls, Olivia could only scream incoherently.

A single fragment has been known to strain the flesh of paladins and priests, even causing them to explode.

All those spirits rushed in to devour Olivia.

Holy magic pours in from the outside, but already inside, spirits rampaging for control of Olivia's soul and mind begin projecting cursed words not into her ears, but into her mind and soul.

The body is essentially a vessel for a single mind and a single soul.

An unfathomable number of souls begin to mingle in that bowl.

Even if it's not an evil spirit, but an innocent soul, the spirit of the person experiencing it is bound to be shattered.

But not an innocent soul, either.

If the mind is infiltrated by a myriad of spirits with nothing but malice, resentment, and hatred, with nothing but the will to destroy something, the mind can't help but be shattered.

Swallowed up by its resentment and grudge, it becomes a vengeful spirit that rages for the common desires of the spirits.

However.

"Turn off......!"

Olivia Ranze is not easily broken.

Endowed with a divine spirit, she has been incredibly resistant to all interference and harmful influences on her mind since childhood.

God does not choose humans who are easily broken.

She's not made to break easily.

Olivia is now in a stormy sea of souls, clinging to the last shreds of sanity like a drifter on a raft enduring the sinking.

Facing the tidal wave of desire that threatens to crush your will.

She's already lost the battle of the body, but if she loses the battle of the mind and soul, she'll be gone.

Fear that if you let go, even for a moment, you'll be plunged into the depths of the Sea of Souls.

She fought to keep from being pulled into the fall, which felt like spirits trying to grab her by the hair, seize her limbs, and drag her down, down, down into the abyss.

In bizarre, eerie pain and terror, as if someone was sticking tens of thousands of needles into his brain.

Olivia's fragile psyche was on the verge of sinking like a ferry in a storm.

Resentment. And hatred, and all the rest of it, threatens to consume Olivia.

Olivia lost her composure due to the repulsion of the ideas, and allowed them to take over.

So now Olivia was struggling to hold on to some semblance of sanity amidst the horror that her selfhood was slipping away.

"Hmph....... Hmph......!"

In the face of unholy beings, vengeful spirits, Olivia somehow manages to invoke the name of God.

Tuan.

God of purity.

As if repeating the name would prevent the sinking of the ego and the destruction of the soul.

I try to keep the name of God in my heart, in my soul, to keep my mind pure and strong.

Because calm is what you need to get through the chaos.

To navigate the turbulent waters, Olivia Ranze remembers the name of God.

-Kaaaaaaaaaaaah!

However, no matter how many times I sought the name of the gods, they would not lend their power to the spirit world.

The names of the stars were too far away in the stormy sea.

In desperation, Olivia finally grabs hold of her spirit, which had begun to sink, and turns it around.

Great Lords.

Five demons of the same being or of different names.

You can't abandon me like this.

Why did you choose me to fall apart like this?

I do not know what your will is, but at least you have not made me hope that the things that have brought me to the truth will be trampled underfoot by these spirits and ideas.

No matter how many times she calls out the name of God in her heart, no peace comes, and the spirits fill Olivia's mind like water.

To smash the vessel that is Olivia Ranze, and take control of her broken body.

From the fringes of consciousness and flesh, where so much is confused, where so many things other than herself have taken over, Olivia thinks.

If it falls apart.

If I disappear as I am.

Reinhardt.

You'll be sad.

If this life, which Reinhardt has saved time and time again, is finally sunk by this undeserved hatred.

Reinhardt is tormented by the thought that he has destroyed the world while trying to save it, and he blames himself for Olivia's death.

We don't want to be that way.

I can't give you that kind of grief.

I can't imagine any more despair and terror for Reinhardt, who must already be very sad and distressed.

In the torrent of souls pouring in.

End in the words of hatred for the devil they spew.

Olivia eventually let go of her obsession with serenity.

Eventually.

I'm sick of this absurdity.

Why is it Reinhardt's fault that the world is the way it is because he's trying to protect it.

Why is it Reinhardt's fault that Liana de Granz killed people out of spite and not Reinhardt's.

Why on earth should Reinhardt be responsible for all of this.

Though your deaths are sad and pitiful.

That sadness and pity doesn't justify misplaced hatred and anger.

Why.

What's so wrong with.

Does Reinhardt deserve all this hate?

Eventually.

Let go of the idea of floating on waves that threaten to swallow you up and somehow maintaining your sanity and staying calm.

A single will.

"This....... are a bunch of asshole demons......."

In the rapids, he finds a rock to hold onto.

"How's....... huh......?"

The rock, apparently, had a name: Fury.

-Flash!

And in response to her anger, the holy object unleashed a torrent of red like Olivia's mind.

-Crunch!

The priests and paladins who tried to save Olivia somehow could see a wild discharge of holy power reaching for the sky.



* * *



-currrrrr

The pillar of red divine power that rose into the sky soon tapered off.

The priests were speechless at the overwhelming sight.

Olivia stood in the clearing, staring blankly at Tiamata, who was bathed in red energy.

No matter how many times I invoked the names of the gods, no power appeared.

But in her anger at the absurdity of the situation, Olivia extinguished the vast number of spirits that threatened to consume her mind.

Olivia, who held on to her sanity until the end, had a horrific experience of mind and soul contamination, but it didn't break her.

"ugh......."

But Olivia, who had already had an extremely painful experience, was close to burnout.

One of the priests rushed over to support a shaken Olivia.

Olivia looks out over the now silent field.

The spirits attacked Olivia en masse, and were dissipated by Tiamata's power in response to Olivia's wild rage.

Olivia doesn't know how many spirits there were or how they disappeared.

It's a feat, it's a miracle.

Skilled priests and paladins could not withstand even a fraction of its power, and Olivia maintained her sanity under its full onslaught, even annihilating it in one fell swoop.

There is no one in the world who wields more divine power than Olivia.

And that's because she was Olivia Ranze.

The priest who tends to Olivia says, blankly.

"Finished....... ?"

Everyone wanted this horrible thing to be over.

However, Olivia's expression was not good.

As if you had a premonition of something.

It wasn't divine magic, it was a miracle of godlike proportions, but it did what it was supposed to do.

Olivia was looking off into the distance with unfocused eyes.

An abyss.

Look into the pit.

Olivia was feeling something no one else was.

In the pit of that abyss, something rumbles.

-Currrrr!

The pit bursts open as if in an explosion, and the abyss gushes forth once more.

-Grrrrrrrrrr!

The hateful form that had risen not long ago, a collection of spirits, was immense.

However, this one was dozens of times larger than the one that had just appeared.

Just as the aggregate of spirits Olivia was dealing with earlier had been broken into dozens of pieces.

That first spirit, too, was only part of the body.

Olivia looks up at the hateful figure in despair.

She worked a miracle.

But the hatred in the world was greater than that, she says, staring at the priests, unable to even scream in the face of the overwhelming horror.

"Flee......."

Olivia was speechless.

Substitution.

How to get away with it.

From something like that, how on earth.

-quo-o-o-o-o-o!

The waves of howling spirits washed over Olivia once more.

Olivia couldn't resist this time.





