Episode 503.





It's not that they're a joke.

It's not funny, is it?

I didn't think it was possible for me to endure the encroachment of the spirits that Olivia couldn't endure.

I also knew it wasn't a one-size-fits-all.

However, I didn't have a choice.

Something had to be done about the swarm of spirits that, if allowed to grow, would become an unmanageable problem.

If they could control Olivia, they could control anyone.

Fort Mokna will be razed to the ground, and Riana, who is as much hated as I am, will die.

Therefore, I imprison that body of spirits within me.

It's on me, not anyone else.

It's a hatred of me, and I must endure it.

I couldn't think of any other options.

I felt a strange sensation, as the waves of souls threatened to engulf me.

The sensation of your soul being attacked.

I wonder if Olivia felt this way.

If consciousness is like the moon in the night sky.

And if the self is the moonlit world of that consciousness.

That uncanny sensation of the moon, that consciousness, suddenly becoming too far away and fading like the stars in the night sky.

You can't illuminate the world with starlight.

So, because the distant moonlight can't illuminate the world.

I felt a vague sensation of my self being engulfed in darkness and disappearing.

They had entered my soul and mind, and I could feel their anger and hatred in my soul, not my skin.

It was unclear who this massive group of spirits were.

But the images of cruelty and despair that pass through my mind pollute my spirit.

Mental nausea, or vomiting.

The eerie sensation of it taking over my soul, pulling me into the abyss.

If it sinks, it's over.

They were brought here to be contained, not dominated.

You can't fall down.

In the vague, dark sensation of the self sinking away from consciousness.

I think.

My victims may hate me, and I may hate them.

They have nothing to do with everything that happened to me, they're just victims of everything that happened to me.

They hate me.

Hate.

Outraged.

The right to destroy.

However.

I don't intend to give myself away to them.

I'm going to hold out.

I intend to keep their hatred, anger, and vengeance locked up inside of me, so that they will no longer attract any other spirits.

I said you have the right to destroy me, not that it's okay to destroy me.

I feel sorry for them, I feel sorry for them, I feel guilty for them.

Sorry.

Can't be killed.

In Lizaira, I became a master class.

But.

What I learned from Lizaira.

What I learned from Luna and Ronan, and Lena and Arta.

It wasn't about using the sword, it was about using the heart.

Power over the mind.

The fact that it became a master class is strictly a byproduct of taking it to the extreme.

The world of the mind, soul, and heart.

I have mastered the art of dealing with it.

Consciousness was as far away as the stars.

The ego is engulfed in darkness.

Where.

Either that or stars die easy.

The light of distant stars, though hard to illuminate, cannot be said not to be light.

Even if it's a fragile light that's about to go out, if it's the light of my consciousness.

It will be immortal.

Even if you can't illuminate yourself with that starlight, it's not gone, just trapped in darkness.

I know nothing of the mysteries used by Luna Artorius.

It doesn't even touch on her powers as an incarnation.

But Mental.

And the soul.

It's a world of minds,

In my mind, I am God.

In the name of self-implication, I have always been the god of my own will and mind.

My consciousness and self were gradually dying out as the spirits flooding into my mind tried to crush and disintegrate my spirit.

But that starlight.

The power that Luna used to have.

Luna enlarged the existing moon and drew her mystical moon sword.

Not in the same way.

In the sense of reaching out to a distant star.

In the sense of tugging at it.

By pulling in the consciousness that had become distant.

To shine like the sun, not the moon.

Against the night of consciousness, when dark spirits try to consume my self.

I will hold on.

will endure.

With spirits trapped inside of me that want to eat me.

"The thing that eats me......."

I let it live inside me.

"Did you think it would be easy......?"

I will return to the world of reason and substance.

Now, when I brought my senses to the edge of consciousness, to reality.

"......?"

I was lying in bed in Olivia's arms, not in Fort Mokna, but in my own bedroom in the royal castle of Razak.

"Rhein....... Reinhardt?"

Olivia's eyes widened to tears when she realized I was awake.

"Why am I here......?"

"Hey, you're up! Hey, you're up! Hey, you're up!"

Tears welled up in Olivia's eyes, and she hugged me even harder.

Apparently, I was on the outskirts of Port Morke a little while ago.

Why the hell am I here?

I thought it was a long, long time, but when I got out of Lizaira, it was like a blink of an eye.

I thought it was a split second, but apparently it's been a while.

"Hm, hm, black...... la, Reinhardt. Me, me....... I was afraid you wouldn't wake up. I was afraid you wouldn't wake up....... Hmph, hmph!"

Olivia was sobbing and hugging me.

I wonder how many days have passed.

What happened.

I couldn't tell. I hugged Olivia, who was shaking as she hugged me back.

I don't feel like I'm straining my whole body.

I'm running out of steam.

"Is your sister....... Are you okay......?"

At my question, Olivia's lips quirk up in tears.

"Now....... Now is the time for you to worry about me?!"

Olivia's frustration at being told to wake up in the middle of all this only intensified.

"Wait....... Wait......."

"Uh, yeah. Do you need anything?"

I pull Olivia out of my arms and slide down the bed.

No, it was trying to go down.

But.

"ugh......."

I couldn't even keep my balance because I felt like my head was going to explode.

"Reinhardt, are you okay?"

"Uh....... Yeah......."

I was able to maintain my ego.

It certainly can be.

"No, you're not. You're not okay....... Look at you."

Olivia scooped me up and led me to the mirror.

"......."

When I looked in the mirror, I could see that my hair was white and gray.

I have succeeded in trapping many spirits within me.

It was definitely affecting my mind and body.



* * *



After Olivia Ranze was possessed by giant spirits in Port Mokna.

The demon was unconscious for a week after receiving all the giant spirits into his body.

Olivia Ranze, who had regained her self, also had to collect herself, but she stayed by the demon's side and tended to the unconscious demon.

Everyone in the royal court, including the Senate, sought him out when they heard he had regained consciousness.

The demon, whose hair was white and graying, looked dirty.

It's not just a case of exhaustion.

To live with an aggregate of wills within one's soul that is intent on killing one's self is not possible for an ordinary being.

Even if you're not an ordinary being, you won't be able to handle it easily.

Like you're dying in real time, but you're holding on to it with your mind.

Just in case, Cultist Olivia Ranze remained by his side even after he regained consciousness.



* * *



The demon was clearly conscious. But everyone could tell that his condition was getting worse and worse.

"Woof....... Woof!"

"Reinhard....... Are you okay?"

Olivia bit her lip and watched as Reinhardt slumped and gagged in the hallway of the castle walls.

"It's okay....... It's okay......."

Reinhardt, who kept repeating that he was fine, didn't look fine at all.

His graying hair was restored by Dreadfind's ring, but the demon suffered from a high fever, headache, and nausea.

Just as the mind affects the body, the soul affects the body.

Olivia helped Reinhardt, who staggered to his feet after gagging.

The spirits trapped in Reinhardt's mind could not be removed by divine power, so they could not affect him externally, but they were affecting him directly.

Olivia was able to heal his hands and feet, which had become rotten and decayed in battle.

As the demon's strength waned, Olivia was able to heal it with her divine power.

But the internal issues were out of Olivia's hands.

But the spirits planted in the demons' souls could not be purified, nor could they be healed.



* * *



The Demon King was unable to manage his daily life, let alone his country's affairs, so he chose to live in the Royal Castle of Razak, nursed by the head of the Holy Order.

And the fact that the demon was getting weaker and weaker was a closely guarded secret.

In the first place, Regent Charlotte was in charge of all of Edina's affairs, so there were no problems in Edina.

However, the mood in the upper echelons of Edina was one of gloom, as everyone knew that the Demon King was on the wane.

Not surprisingly, Fort Mokna operations were suspended. We weren't sure if the threat in the area was completely gone, so we were in the midst of a major evacuation.

The blame for all of this falls squarely on the shoulders of our commander, Liana de Granz.

"......."

Reinhardt, who seems to struggle to sit up in a chair, sits in his bedroom, supported by Olivia, staring down at someone.

Liana De Granz.

The commander of Fort Mokna, kneeling before the demon, his head bowed.

Proud as she was, the Demon's claim to be her lord was a formality. That's why Liana de Granz, who had never done anything like this before, knelt before the demon and bowed her head.

"It's all....... My fault."

Reinhard stared down at Liana as she did so.

The massacre that Riana unleashed was the beginning of this disaster.

The first price was paid by Olivia Lanze.

And in order to save Olivia Ranze, he chose to imprison those giant spirits within his own soul.

The demon's soul belonged to him for now, but it was gradually dying.

Riana couldn't even take responsibility for what she'd done, for all the things she'd set in motion.

Others had to pay for his sins.

because I can't stand it.

Because it bothered me.

"If you tell me to die, I'll die."

Riana couldn't help but say that to her friend, who had paid the price for her.

Olivia watched the scene in silence.

Reinhard looks down at Liana, who says that if she has to pay with death, she will.

"You didn't know this was going to happen."

"......."

"Of course he didn't know it was a sin, but he didn't know it was going to happen, obviously."

Reinhardt's cracked voice, so unlike his usual, put Olivia and Riana in a terrible mood just listening to it.

"If your actions cause something unpredictable and unintended to happen, and other people have to pay the price, and you have to die because of it......."

Reinhard opens his mouth with difficulty.

"Well, then, I should be dead too, shouldn't I......."

"......."

Technically, what Reinhardt did and what Riana did are qualitatively different.

But the bottom line is that something unintended happened, and someone else had to pay for it.

Reinhardt's wishes eventually had unintended consequences, leading to the Gate debacle.

Riana's actions to protect Edina and Reinhardt have unintended consequences, and Reinhardt is dying.

After all, it's the same thing, and if Riana is to be punished with death for this, then Reinhard, the demon king, should be punished as well.

Reinhard watches as a tear rolls down Riana's cheek, rolls down her chin, and hits the floor.

There's nothing you can do about the problems your behavior has caused.

Reinhardt knew the misery of that better than anyone.

"We talked about this a long time ago......."

"......."

"Come on, let's do something."

At Reinhardt's words, Riana's shoulders begin to shake.

This was the Demon King's current appearance: his throat was cracked, he was gurgling, he was suffering from a high fever, and he looked like he could die at any moment.

Reinhardt is taking on more than he can handle.

Everyone knew that.

Reinhardt himself was not unaware of this.



* * *



After all, it may be necessary to punish the demon for doing something it didn't order, which caused the demon great trouble.

But lives don't get you anywhere.

Liana de Granz was too important to Edina to be killed in the name of worker bees.

Liana de Granz was not punished.

The emaciated Reinhardt was being cared for by Olivia, but of course others came to visit.

"You're crazy, this."

Gazoo of demand, Lucinil told Reinhardt.

"There was no other way to do it."

They were too great to be extinguished by divine power, and they were growing larger in real time. But there was no solution other than to trap them in the prison of their souls and endure.

"That's not called a method. Do you even think this is possible in the first place?"

Lucinil was angry in the presence of the demon.

"Make it possible....... as possible."

The Demon King said, looking helpless and grim.

"I didn't make it possible, I'm just holding on."

"......."

"You haven't forgotten about Charlotte's case, have you?"

Reinhardt was silent at Lucinil's words.

Charlotte's soul eventually merged with the demon.

The demon's consciousness is gone, so there's no mixing of personalities, but the number of consciousnesses that have now entered Reinhardt's mind is hard to fathom.

"In the long run, your soul will mingle with the spirits within you and become one."

Reinhardt's face didn't change at that, but Olivia, who was standing next to him, went white.

"Well, then....... What happens?"

"I've never done an experiment this big, so I don't know the details. But I can tell you that you're not going to be yourself, you're going to be a different person."

It remains conscious for now, but as it begins to assimilate with them, Reinhardt disappears like a handful of sand in the desert.

It doesn't die, it just becomes something else.

At that, Olivia's complexion went from white to blue.

Lucinil is the mage who has dealt with the most souls in the world.

That's why I've experimented with it time and time again.

If Lucinil says it will, it will.

Reinhardt, hearing Lucinil's warning, only looked tired and said nothing.





