Episode 504.





Charlotte, Herriot, and even the Senate, including Eleris, realize that Reinhardt is in serious trouble.

And as time went on, Reinhardt's condition was getting progressively worse.

Vomiting, fever, chills.

The physical symptoms were eating away at his body along with his mind.

That wasn't all.

"Huh!"

Plagued by nightmares, he woke up too scared to fall asleep.

Unable to sleep, the succubus queen, Airi, has also taken up residence in the castle at the request of Olivia, who is in charge of Reinhardt's care.

"Bali......."

"......."

Airi looked into the demon's bloodshot eyes and found herself at a loss for words.

Demons that control dreams.

Airi soothed the demon's dreams so that he could at least get some sleep.

In the end, however, even Airi's powers could not restore the demon's sleep from the torment of the spirits that consumed his mind and body.

Everyone knew.

The Devil, dying.



* * *



Consciousness is like a rubber band.

It occurred to me that the moment the taut, stretched string of consciousness snapped might be my last.

What I thought was a one-size-fits-all, turned out to be a one-size-fits-all.

You've already accomplished the impossible by not being cannibalized.

But it doesn't change the fact that as long as you're here, you're in an eternal battle with the spirits.

Is that even possible?

I was already feeling myself becoming increasingly dominated by physical symptoms.

-Bam!

"Reinhardt......."

"......It's okay, my hands were just shaking."

I stare down at the shattered cup, which has fallen to the floor after trying to drink water on its own.

What's the fight.

Daily life is impossible.

Humanity's hatred and resentment toward me is being replaced by my spiritual pain, and it's affecting my physical body.

As soon as you loosen the strings of your consciousness a little bit, the words of hate start rattling around in your head.

I'm afraid to fall asleep. Airi is protecting my dreams, but I wonder how long that will last.

After a certain point of falling asleep, you never wake up again.

Then what will the ideas that have taken over my body do with my body?

Will I let my hands, the things I love, destroy themselves.

"......."

We can't tolerate that.

In this way, I don't want to and can't fall apart in a moment like this.

But how.

I was determined, but I couldn't think of a way.



* * *



The royal council has been called. Except for the Demon King.

Liana de Granz, Airi, Olivia Ranze, Herriot de Saint-Hilaire, and Regent Charlotte de Gradias.

And Senate power.

Sarkhegar, Elise, Lucinil, Lerouen, Galarsch, and Antirrhinus.

All of the most important people in Edina were there, except for the Demon King.

Everyone's faces remained stoic, knowing that this wasn't anything serious.

The Devil holds within his soul an unfathomable amount of souls.

For now, he's holding on with superhuman mental strength, but at this rate, he'll never be the same.

What happens when the souls of those who hate the demon, who hate the demon, take over the demon's body and fuse with the demon's mind.

No one knows. What's important is that it's clear that it would have very dire consequences, and we don't want that to happen.

"We need to do something about it."

Charlotte said with a stern look on her face.

While not on the same scale as Reinhardt, Charlotte has had a similar experience.

As a result of fusing with part of the demon's soul, Charlotte's body has been permanently altered. This happens with one-on-one fusions, and it's hard to imagine Reinhardt's mind and body surviving a fusion of that magnitude.

"Our first priority is to separate the demons from your soul."

While everyone recognized the importance of Reinhardt, it was Sarkeghar who was the most nervous and anxious at the prospect of Reinhardt's spirit being extinguished.

"Assuming that's possible, what do we do about what happens after that?"

That was Lerouen's question.

"I've heard that the spirits split off on their own, taking over the minds of paladins and priests, or killing those whose minds could not withstand their control. Is that correct?"

Hearing Lerouen's words, Galarsh turned to Olivia, who had just seen the scene.

"Yes, I did."

Either you are dominated, or your body disintegrates because you can't stand it.

Olivia was able to resist to some extent, but even that was only partial. As the spirits' bodies seeped into her mind, she was unable to hold out and fell.

"They're no ordinary people, they're ruled by priests and paladins who have mastered divine powers, and if something like that starts rampaging in Edina, I don't know if we'll be safe, let alone ordinary beings."

Galarsch's doubts were reasonable.

To save Reinhardt's soul, we must extract the soul that has already entered his mind.

But here's the catch.

"So, let's leave the charge as it is now, is that it?"

Sarkegar gritted his teeth and glared at Galarsh.

"I think you need to calm down a bit. I'm just trying to point out that if you don't prepare for this, you might end up in a lot more trouble."

"......."

Sarkegar's anxiety was something we all felt.

But Galarsch is right.

If you act rashly in hopes of saving the demon, the last thing the demon wants is for you to die. In effect, the demon has accepted the spirits into his body and sacrificed himself so that they can no longer cause further harm.

"Separating the soul from Reinhardt's mind, annihilating or ascending it with divine power is....... impossible?"

Herriot looks back and forth between Lucinil and Olivia.

Herriot knew that Lucinil had mastered the art of manipulating souls, and so did all the Lord Vampires of the Council.

"We haven't even become one yet, so....... It's not impossible in theory, but it's too big. We could try, but....... after we split it up."

Rusinil was hard to pin down.

"I'd like to say it with confidence, but I don't have the confidence to extinguish it. I was dominated by it because I couldn't cope with it either......."

As with Lucinil, Olivia realized that it was unlikely to be possible.

"What the....... What is your highness enduring......."

Eleris mumbled to herself in despair.

Charlotte stares at the faces of the people sitting in the Senate meeting.

The Lord Vampires of the Council are some of the most powerful mages in the world, and they've been around for a very long time, so the amount of knowledge they have is far beyond the average person.

Olivia Ranze has access to a level of divine power that makes it impossible to compare her to anyone else at this point.

If you don't have an answer here, you don't have an answer.

Soul extraction is also unlikely.

It's so big that there's no way to kill it.

There is no magic, no divine power, no solution.

Charlotte thought of another way to do that.

Witchcraft, an ancient form of magic.

If you're a Detomorian, there's a way.

However, witchcraft is a force whose intentions and conclusions are unpredictable.

Not only do we not know if the power of the Dettomorian can help the Demon, but there is no guarantee that he will.

Almost everyone lost their homes, and the Dettomorians are no exception.

You may have a greater desire to harm the devil than to help him.

It's more likely that we'll end up with a conclusion that puts Reinhardt at risk again.

As such, Charlotte could not discuss witchcraft.

"So all we can do is hope Reinhardt's sanity is intact?"

Charlotte's words were met with looks of disbelief.

The look on Riana's face was the most devastating of all.

I gritted my teeth, unable to shed a tear, and stared at the table.

Lucinil opens her mouth.

"Reinhardt is already doing the impossible," I said, "originally....... As I heard last time, when souls of that magnitude mix, it's only natural for the body to disintegrate."

Even priests and paladins who end up being dominated already have a great deal of mental power.

Olivia, who was able to resist it, had a more powerful mind than his, and Reinhardt, who was not only resisting it but repressing it within his own soul, was doing something even more impossible than Olivia.

Reinhardt has already accomplished too many impossible things.

"To believe that Reinhardt can do something even more impossible here is to be complacent."

At Lucinil's words, Charlotte nodded in agreement.

It would be complacent to leave Reinhardt alone, thinking that because he's done the impossible, he'll do the next impossible.

So, you have to do something.

"Not Edina, but....... Somewhere far, far away on the continent, why not release the spirits of Reinhardt's soul?"

Airi said after a long moment of silence.

After performing a ritual in a remote part of the continent that is too dangerous for Edina, they flee before the spirits can infiltrate someone else.

In other words, you're returning to Edina having left a dangerous bomb in the world.

"Those spirits roam the continent, absorbing other spirits and growing larger and larger, until they eventually attack Edina."

Everyone agreed with Eleris that unleashing the spirits on the continent was a palliative measure, a way to postpone the current threat to an absolute threat later.

It may be a temporary measure, but in the long run, the larger swarms of spirits will overwhelm Edina and the Demon King.

If it does, there is no next time.

Edina will be doomed, and the demon cannot survive.

Everyone is at a loss. Charlotte stares blankly down at the table.

I've always gotten nothing but help.

Reinhardt always bailed him out.

He even cursed Reinhardt for not trusting him, for doing something that was tantamount to betrayal, for suffering the most in the world, and for dying.

Nevertheless, Reinhardt redeemed himself again.

However, with Reinhardt in danger, we can't be of any help.

He ends up getting help, but he can't help Reinhardt when he needs it.

They were all feeling the same way, albeit in different ways, that Charlotte was feeling right now.

Soul.

Souls on a grand scale.

What kind of magic, what kind of divine power can purify or remove it?

The moment when everyone is in despair.

"What about transitions?"

The old vampire, Antrianus, cautiously voiced that opinion.



* * *



"What do you mean, transition to ......?"

Regent Charlotte asks, and Toyo's lord, Antrianus, smirks.

"Isn't the crux of the matter that if you release the spirits into the world, they will attack the demons and the world, and if you leave them alone, they will assimilate with the spirits of the Archdemons?"

"......That's right."

"In that case, I suppose it's just a matter of the beings who will be taking them into their own souls."

The mood in the room froze at Antony's fairly straightforward, brutal conclusion.

To save Reinhardt, you have to let someone else carry that heavy, gigantic burden.

"Wouldn't it be better for someone to be the scapegoat than to lose our leader here?"

You're right.

But the wording was overly malicious and creepy.

Find a scapegoat to carry Reinhardt's burden.

"I'm......."

Riana looked up.

"Let me, I'll do it."

As if it's a problem that started with you, so it's only right that you take it on yourself.

Feelings of self-doubt and guilt about not being able to do anything to help resolve this situation plagued Riana.

"Not everyone can handle it, you might die on the spot."

But Riana's words made Olivia shake her head.

You can find a scapegoat and make them carry it for you, but how many people can afford it. You can't make a scapegoat out of just anyone.

There are plenty of people willing to volunteer.

However, it's doubtful that anyone can actually pull it off.

"I have to do it. Because I'm not dead."

Reinhardt had survived, but Olivia, though dominated, had not died, so when Olivia said she would bear their spirits, the room fell silent, and Riana shook her head again.

Once again, Olivia is saved by Reinhard and is ready to die for him.

Antony smiled at Olivia, who said she would take it back.

"Whether you can afford the transition or not, once you do, the scapegoat has no place in Edina."

"......Yes."

As soon as you have accepted the spirits into your body, your self will be transformed and your soul will be fused, and you will not be the same person you were before.

"But if I'm the only one who can get through it without dying, then I have to do it."

You want to save Reinhardt, even if it means sacrificing yourself.

Even if you never see Reinhardt again, even if all you have is a future where you wander the world carrying that heavy burden.

Olivia was ready to accept it.

"Gee....... But you have a very important position in Edina. The Great One wouldn't allow such a thing, and even if He did, there would be a very big hole to fill."

Antirrhinus shook his head as if to say that such a thing would be very difficult.

"Furthermore, even if you can handle this, who will be our spearhead in the future?"

Antirrhynchus says, calmly.

"The same goes for everybody else in this room, they're irreplaceable, they're a very important part of Edina, and there's no reason why we should have to suffer such a catastrophic loss."

Four thousand kings, including regents.

And the Senate.

Each and every one of them is exactly what Edina needs.

So whether they could afford it or not, and even if they could, they shouldn't, was Antony's opinion.

Charlotte stares at Antirrhinus.

"So, Lord of Toyo, what are you trying to say? That in order to resolve this situation, someone has to carry Reinhardt's spirits, and it can't be anyone in this room. If it's impossible for anyone in this room, it's impossible for anyone else in Edina. If there's anyone else who can carry them, you're saying......."

Charlotte's face turned white as she said it.

Because I realized it while I was talking.

Why Antirrhinus said what he did.

You said you needed a scapegoat, but why would anyone in this room sacrifice themselves.

"No way....... No way......."

Antirrhinus looks at Charlotte's pale complexion and chuckles.

He giggles, as if he can't contain himself.

"Warrior."

Everyone in the room turned a deep shade of blue.

"If you were Ellen Artorius, wouldn't you be willing to carry this burden?"

All were aghast at Antony's malicious laugh.





