Episode 506.





Technically, Ellen doesn't have a rank.

Though she has occasionally commanded units tasked with special missions in the wake of the Gate, and is under the command of the Allied General Staff, Ellen is not a member of the Imperial Army.

He had the honor of being the Empress's guardian knight, but it didn't mean much now that she was gone with the demon.

The Imperial Emperor, Bertus de Gradias, gave Ellen no rank or affiliation.

-The warrior is here!

-The warrior is back!

But every soldier who encountered Ellen, who was supposed to have no rank, saluted her when he saw her, even at a distance.

That's true up and down the chain of command.

Every single soldier, platoon leader, company commander, and even the commander himself saluted Ellen with reverence and respect.

Ellen doesn't have a rank because it doesn't mean anything to her except to annoy her.

If you haphazardly give her a rank, you'll end up with a superior to Ellen.

But if you give her the rank of Commander-in-Chief, you'll find that Ellen, a formidable fighter, will be called to all sorts of meetings.

You could simply give them an honorary rank, but Bertus didn't do that.

She has no affiliation, no rank, but she has access to everything the military has to offer: she can be recruited, she can be drafted.

Now that the troops are stationed, they've been clearing out the monsters along the marching route and in the troop neighborhoods.

By nature, Ellen didn't wear laments and rappels all the time.

But when she began living long-term on a military base where people could see her anytime, anywhere, Ellen made a ramen sword and wore it around her waist.

Sometimes, it was the soldiers who were so excited to see Ellen in real life that they were rude enough to ask to see her ramen and lapel pins.

But to be more precise, he wanted people to be able to see him everywhere.

The sight of Ellen, even at a distance, visibly boosts morale.

So when she read that her military commanders wanted her to wear it openly at all times, she began to wear it even when she wasn't in combat.

Those who have reached mastery prefer to be unarmed, with only light armor or weapons. Why wear plate armor that restricts your movements when you can defend yourself with Auror armor that is harder than steel.

Ellen doesn't need to wear plate armor, and it's not like she needs to wear a fancy plate armor to carry around a holy relic.

Of course, that doesn't make this plate armor completely useless.

This is the ceremonial armor that Adelia and her researchers made for Ellen to wear when she goes out in public, which doesn't happen very often.

Armor made only for warriors.

Of course, just because it's for show doesn't mean it's not practical.

The armor itself is a national treasure artifact with tons of enchantments, including lightweighting.

But it doesn't change the fact that it's still a show.

It's not that Ellen enjoys the stares.

The more people projected their desires onto themselves, the more they knew what the end goal was.

Demon Death.

Every time she read the wishes of those who wished for it, Ellen felt as if someone was strangling her.

Everywhere you look, there are soldiers, and they are charged with the enormous responsibility of saving humanity. And of all these soldiers, Ellen had the most important responsibility. Perhaps even more than Savior Tana.

As a result, Ellen felt even more stares and pressure than usual.

There are ironworks at any age.

It's not just the soldiers who are resting in their own private tents, hoping to catch a glimpse of Ellen.

It wasn't just the Imperial Army, but all the elite soldiers and commanders from other regions and nations, including the Empire.

In the early days of the expedition, there were more commanders and knights who wanted to know who they were and say hello than there were unsuspecting soldiers.

Ellen couldn't turn them away, and when Saviolin Tana heard of the situation, she moved Ellen's barracks and ordered that no outsiders be allowed in.

After that, at least Ellen would not be disturbed by anything while she returned from her mission and rested in her tent.

Such a garrison, where Ellen's barracks are located.

Ellen handed the reins of her horse to a soldier and walked inside, receiving a salute from the soldiers who stood guard to ensure that no outsiders were allowed inside the garrison.

Quite an unusual and special area of the Garrison Barracks.

For Ellen, this garrison area was still better than the alternative.

"Uh, Ellen. You're here?"

"Yes. Adelia."

"Good work, Ellen."

"Thanks, Louis."

Ellen nodded as she was greeted by Adelia and Louis Ankton, who were moving about with their magical supplies.

Where troops drawn from the Temple reside.

A little further in, a garrison of troops from the Royal Class.

No one here calls Ellen a warrior.

As a result, Ellen sometimes felt like she was returning to a moment in her past that she could no longer return to.



* * *



Not every student at Temple was drafted into the military. Not everyone had a combat-related major.

The Temple Royal Class, however, was almost entirely wiped out, with the exception of Bertus and Reinhardt, who were in their second year of Royal Class when the gates opened.

Everyone had a job to do and a role to play, if not as much as Ellen.

"Kaier, I told you to keep the arc crystal charged!"

"I'm doing it! I'm going to eat first!"

"How many times have I told you to do it ahead of time when you don't know when you'll need to use it?!"

"Ugh, it's always chattering like a mouse."

"What, a rat? Did you finish telling him?"

"You don't even go to classes at Temple, what kind of senior are you, you don't call me brother?"

"Why are you my brother, you bastard!"

Ellen watched from afar as Redina and Kaier bickered, still children, though quite tall in their two years.

Lydina, aka No Casting.

And Kaeir, the giant magic talent.

The two had been partners in battle for quite some time.

One can shoot magic without casting, but has a paltry amount of power, and the other has tons of power but can't cast magic.

So, ever since Adelia created the Arc Crystal, which is a giant version of a power cartridge, it's been a long-standing practice for Kaier to charge it whenever he has time, and for Redina to draw on that charged power to do her magic.

An arc crystal designed to draw mana from Khaier who is unfit to use it.

It can only be used by Kaier, and the magic within it is designed to be used by Redina. It's a very large artifact that Adelia created for that purpose in the first place.

It's so huge that you can't move it by hand, but as a base defense strategy against a massive onslaught of monsters, I couldn't think of anything better.

Only those who have seen it in person know the spectacle of thousands of fireballs falling from the sky and wiping out waves of monsters.

No matter how much energy an Arc Crystal has, Redina can use it up in a short amount of time.

As a result, the Arc Crystal will always be low on magic.

There's no better match for their abilities, but their relationship was deteriorating the more they worked together.

"Huh? Ellen's here?"

"Yes, sir."

When Redina saw Ellen watching from a distance, she sidled up and pointed a finger at Kaier.

"Say something to that asshole, because I told him to pre-charge his phone and he didn't do it right?"

"No!"

Kaier glanced at Ellen in the distance, tilted his head, and barked back at Redina.

"I'm a human being, stop treating me like I'm some kind of energy charger!"

"So what are you, an energy charger, you bastard, and what do you do with your research because I want you to go into combat like Ellen, and is it so hard to hug an arc crystal for a few hours?"

She's not being playfully angry or scolding.

They are genuinely upset.

"Do you know how many people died the other day because their perimeter was breached? Is that hard for you to understand? What do you think you're doing? If you'd just put a little more charge on it, none of this would have happened!"

Kaier is not pleading for moderation either.

It was Caierdo who was genuinely upset.

"I almost died a couple of times last time because I ran out of energy. Do you know that? Do you think I play? Do you think I have nothing to do? Do you think you're anything without me?"

This is a war against monsters.

People actually die, and Redina has to watch people die because her arc crystal doesn't have enough power to deal with the monster.

Kai'er, the Massive Magic Talent, also does not have an infinite amount of magic. You'll have to wait for your depleted energy to recover before you can recharge your Arc Crystal.

I'm working on it.

However, I didn't love it because of the things that happened that were out of our control.

They don't get along.

And it's getting worse.

When the words finally started to come out, Ellen gently placed a hand on Redina's shoulder.

"Stop, stop, stop, senior."

"......."

"Kaier, go eat. Get some rest."

"......."

Ellen intervened and they stopped fighting.

Redina gritted her teeth and stared at the dirt floor of the garrison.

A little more.

A little more.

If I could have done something.

They didn't have to die.

The thought makes her angry at Kai, her most important supporter.

Even though I know it's stupid.

Eventually, Redina covers her face with both hands and lets out a stifled groan.

"I feel like....... I feel so stupid......."

We know we're doing the best we can.

We hurt each other by saying things we don't have to because we're saddened by someone's death.

"......rdina?"

In the distance, a man wearing a paladin's insignia sees Ellen and Redina and approaches.

"Adriana......."

Adriana left the Temple, but after the events of the Gate, she returned to the Order of Tuan to fulfill her paladin duties.

Despite her problems, including alleged ties to the devil, Adriana received a pardon, not a commutation.

We don't know the truth about everything that happened, and it's frustrating and heartbreaking, but Adriana was fighting this war like everyone else, doing what she could.

"What's wrong, did you and Kai get into a fight again?"

"......."

Adriana looks at Ellen as she gently puts her arm around Redina's shoulders as she releases her pent-up tears.

"Get some rest, Ellen. You must be the most tired."

"It's ......, sir."

Ellen watched as Adriana picked up Redina and carried her to the tent.

Ellen knows there's a shade on Adriana's face that she can't erase.

Someone Adriana cared about, Irine's wild dog.

In the end, he played the most direct role in Loyar's death, and Adriana was by his side.

I don't think there's anything to be said for resentment, but Adriana never once resented Ellen.

War.

The war against monsters was destroying people.

That was true even for students from the royal class.

Ellen herself was no exception.



* * *



Even non-combatants from the Royal Class have a role to play. Adelia, for example, was a non-combatant who used her unique talents to design the power cartridges that are so critical to this war, and she continues to make improvements.

Others, like Kono Lint, have no combat skills, but are tasked with spatially moving around the battlefield, teleporting mortally wounded soldiers to the rear or bringing troops into battle.

Some, like musical talent Lanyon Sesor, were busy conducting military bands and performing comforting concerts and other morale-boosting activities within the garrison.

Everyone had a role to play in the Gate crisis, and everyone was doing their part in this final push.

Ellen ate in the communal dining tent at the Royal Class Garrison.

They could have eaten in a private teepee, but Ellen didn't want any special treatment.

While Ellen was sitting still and eating, someone sat down across from her.

"I see you're back. Ellen."

"Ah....... Yeah."

It was Ludwig.



* * *



Due to the effects of Moonshine, all Royal Class melee majors now know how to enchant.

But Ellen is the only one who made it to the master class.

But Ludwig is also one of the four who realized the power of magical enhancement on his own in first grade.

Ellen, Reinhard, Klippmann, and Ludwig.

Each has their own role, and while Ellen is so advanced that she tends to go solo on missions, the Royal Class students work in groups based on the number of people needed for a mission.

The Royal Class students tended to move together, partly because they were from Temple, partly because they were good, and partly because of the bonds that came with it.

While there are stories like Redina and Kai'er, student mobilization usually has a positive effect.

In such student combat operations, two close-combat majors stand out the most.

Klippmann was the combat talent, and Ludwig was the stamina talent.

The soldiers knew that Ellen's level was too high, but they also knew that the two of them were incredibly skilled.

"When do you think the next march will be?"

At Ludwig's question, Ellen pauses to consider the bread.

"Maybe in four days or so....... I think."

"Four days....... Yeah, right."

Ellen doesn't know much about Ludwig.

However, I knew he was always cheerful and a little irritating.

At some point, however, Ludwig stopped smiling at all.

The ravages of war.

And that the devil was there all along and you just didn't know it.

That made Ludwig lose his smile. Not only had he lost his smile, but his face and eyes were filled with anger and hatred.

Not long into the march.

B-4, Ashur with the Divine Power talent was killed in the Garrison Defense.

After that, the glow of hatred and anger in Ludwig's eyes was unquenchable.





