Episode 507.





Someone is bound to die.

A lot of people had already died, and so had the Royal Class students.

A swarm of flying monsters attacked the rear area where you were healing wounded soldiers in a base defense battle.

Ashur was torn to pieces by the monsters on the spot.

It wasn't that long ago.

So the melancholy and sensitivity that pervades the Royal Class garrison has only intensified since Ashur's death.

A classmate died.

We all knew that dying was an inevitability of the Gate crisis and the war, but the death of someone close to us was bound to shock everyone.

Everyone is grieving, and some are still grieving.

But what Ellen saw in Ludwig's eyes was not sadness.

In the midst of all that anger and hatred, Ellen could sense that Ludwig wanted revenge.

Though she didn't watch Ashar die, Ellen was just as shocked.

And the death comes back to Ellen as guilt, not resentment and hatred.

Who will be dead and who will be alive at the end of this final march.

-degree

Ludwig takes a bite of the sausage and puts it down on his plate.

"You."

"......?"

"Last time, when Reinhardt was in the ecliptic."

Ellen felt her heart tighten at the words.

The Demon Invasion of the Zodiac and the Capture of the Empress.

Everyone knows the story. The story ended with Ellen defeating the demon, so the damage was done, but the morale of the zodiac was through the roof.

Ludwig tells the story.

It was an event that left a huge scar on Ellen's heart.

"On purpose....... you didn't fight properly or....... or something like that?"

Ellen's hand trembled slightly at the words.

"......."

Under Ludwig's gaze, Ellen felt like she was being interrogated. After looking at her for a moment, Ludwig shook his head.

"......No. You wouldn't do that. You wouldn't do that."

"......."

Ludwig stares at Ellen with eyes as deep and dark as the abyss.

"That can't be right, can it?"

"......."

"You're a warrior, chosen by the gods, chosen by two holy objects, chosen to defeat a demon."

Ludwig looks at Ellen and says.

"Warrior."

To Ellen, Ludwig's words sounded like a threat.

"Sorry, that was rude. Presumptuous. It's not my place. How dare you talk to me."

Ellen felt goosebumps all over her body as she watched Ludwig muttering to himself.

"I've never beaten Reinhardt."

So defeating the devil is not something I can do.

As he says this, Ludwig looks at Ellen.

"But you, you've always been stronger than Reinhardt, so it's kind of....... Weird......."

What I can't do, because I can't.

Things you can do, but don't.

It was a penetrating stare, like he was questioning whether or not that was the case.

"Ludwig."

"......, Scarlett."

A calm-faced redheaded girl eating next to him calls out to Ludwig.

"Don't put pressure on Ellen."

"......."

"At least you're comfortable here, Ellen, it's going to be the hardest for you."

Ellen is already under intense pressure from many quarters.

Ludwig nodded slowly at Scarlett's cautionary words, as if to say that to Ellen, here, now.

"Yeah. I guess so."

Ludwig looks at Ellen.

"I'm sorry, Ellen. For making you uncomfortable."

Ellen kept her head down, shaking her head horizontally.

"No....... It's okay."

Ellen said nothing more, except to stare at the hand holding the bread.

In the end, Ellen didn't eat well.



* * *



In the Royal Class garrison, Ellen's barracks aren't exactly the biggest.

The largest barracks are those of Adelia and the alchemical talent Christina. Setting up and taking down the barracks requires a significant amount of manpower, as do the materials needed for magical research, so you'll need several wagons for your personal research supplies alone.

While Adelia doesn't participate in the battle itself, the artifacts she develops and improves are the most important in large-scale battles.

Christina and Adelia.

If the Gate debacle was ever fully resolved, and humanity was ever able to rewrite history, their names would be mentioned in the same breath as Ellen's.

They had a lot of necessary research supplies, and Ellen didn't really have any personal items aside from two holy relics.

Ellen has never been much of a room decorator.

As such, Ellen's tents are quite spacious and compartmentalized, with amenities to make her stay as comfortable as possible, but nothing fancy.

Nightfall Garrison.

Ellen disarmed her plate armor before reaching the barracks.

-Chulkuk

Ellen watched as the armor's seams unraveled of their own accord, floated through the air, and reassembled in its cradle.

This type of armor requires someone to help put it on and take it off, but the specially made silver plates did not.

"Whoa......."

The armor is designed to keep you as active as possible, but it can't help but be uncomfortable.

More than the actual discomfort, I was stifled by the gravity of the act of walking around in such fancy armor.



* * *



Ellen sat still, soaking in a bathtub in a tent that doubled as a bathroom.

A few times.

Ellen splashed hot water on her face.

Pressing her thumb and forefinger firmly into the corners of her eyes, Ellen takes a deep breath.

"Hah......."

Again and again.

"Hah......."

Again and again.

Several times a day, I feel like I'm going to suffocate under the pressure.

It's true that we're doing what we can.

I'm better than everyone else, I can do more than everyone else, and I'm actually carrying a heavier load than everyone else.

But people's expectations are too high and too big.

And the last thing they want to do is to do it with their own hands.

If you'd rather be dead.

If you disappear from the world.

If I die in the middle of a mission, I don't have to feel this way anymore.

Ellen thought about it dozens of times a day.

But he also knew that he wasn't allowed to do that.

Live.

Just knowing you're alive keeps people hopeful. You can't die.

If there's an end to be reached, you're alive until that moment.

Even if you don't know what to do with it.

It must be alive.

Ellen resolves.

A bleak future awaits, but it's only bleak for you.

For now, we need to finish the march.

Destroying a continent's warp gate can only be a good thing for the world, and it has to be done.

Until then.

What happens next is what happens next, and I'll think about it then.

"Hoooooo......."

Ellen takes a deep breath and somehow manages to calm her confused, dark mind.

Once she had calmed down enough, Ellen took a bath and changed into her new clothes.

When her hair was properly dried and she stepped out into the center of the barracks in a towel, Ellen couldn't help but be impressed.

"!"

Even though she was dressed properly, Ellen reflexively opened the collar of her shirt and looked at the unannounced visitor.

Ellen's tent is enchanted, so if you activate the lock, no one can enter. There have been some rude people who have tried to enter the barracks.

However, someone has entered his tent with the lock activated.

Someone in a robe, a little shorter, sat there as if waiting for Ellen.

"......who."

Feeling a sense of foreboding, Ellen immediately summoned Rafelt and Rament and pointed them at the mysterious figure.

But Ellen soon found herself gaping.

In-young, wearing a robe, removes his hood.

"It's been a while since....... in a while."

"Herriot......?"

Herriot de Saint-Ouen looked at Ellen with a sad expression on his face.



* * *



A few months earlier, Herriot and Ellen had crossed paths.

During the Demon's attack on the Zodiac, Ellen and Harriet made eye contact for the briefest of moments.

Of course, we didn't have a conversation.

Inside Ellen's tent.

Harriet looked at Ellen with a sad expression on her face.

Herriot came to her. Ellen recalled her laments, but they were facing each other with some distance between them.

They were friends.

After the events of Reinhardt's disappearance, Ellen and Harriet were able to call each other friends.

Herriot hated Reinhardt, but cried in the rain when he was gone.

Ellen thought Reinhardt was gone because she said something she couldn't say to him.

Together they went in search of the missing Reinhardt.

We became friends after that.

And now.

The two ended up in a strange relationship where they could not and would not call each other friends because of Reinhardt.

Ellen still doesn't know what Herriot's purpose is for coming to her.

However, they have the wrong idea.

Are we friends, yet.

Ellen kept her eyes down.

I'm not sure if Harriet is thinking the same thing, and I can't quite meet Ellen's eyes.

"I'm not in that situation, but......."

Herriot cautiously opens his mouth.

"Do you want to go for a walk?"

"......."

You've already cleaned up the surrounding area.

"Yes."

"I'll be waiting for you on the southern outskirts of the garrison."

Ellen nodded, and Herriot teleported away.



* * *



At Herriot's suggestion, Ellen ventured south of the garrison. There was no one to stop her.

On the southern outskirts, Harriet waited for Ellen in a moonlit clearing.

Herriot and Ellen walked through the moonlit fields.

The corpses of the monsters were strewn about.

After stationing there for a while, you take care of the monsters in the area and get your troops moving again. Arrive at the next destination, destroy the gate, and head to the next gate.

That's how the last of humanity's armies will move until the last gate is destroyed.

"Saying "how are you" is not a good time to say....... to say how are you."

Herriot smiled bitterly as he tried to rhyme, then realized it was a bit of a stretch.

Like Reinhardt, Herriot was out there somewhere, keeping an eye on the human world, including the ecliptic.

Ellen had a lot of questions. Where she'd been and what she'd been doing. How everyone was doing.

Somehow, some way, we're all getting along in this wretched world.

But Ellen couldn't bring herself to ask the question because she didn't think she was qualified to do so.

They walk for a while without talking.

The fact that you have to choose what to say to each other is already a sign that you've drifted too far apart.

You don't want anyone else to see you having this conversation.

Heriot may not be the devil, but he's hated just as much.

This coalition is the last and strongest army of mankind.

That's why the immediate garrison includes the Grand Duke of Saint-Tuan and his mages.

Ellen was somewhat aware of the situation of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, whose daughter had betrayed humanity, and who had been blindsided by the end of the war.

Although he was a brilliant wizard and had already achieved great things, his soldiers and commanders treated him as a quasi-spy, ready to betray the Grand Duke of Saint-Tuan at any moment.

Herriot would know that his father and his father's army were in that garrison.

"Our coworkers are....... How are you?"

Herriot asked about his peers, not his father.

Ellen's breath caught in her throat at the question.

So far, everyone, somehow, is safe.

But one person.

"Ashur is....... dead."

"ah......."

It wasn't a motivation that I would characterize as close to Ellen, or even to Harriet.

Class B, number 4.

Ashur, who was gifted with divine power.

All she knows is that he was a good-natured, timid guy.

Ellen knows that Ashar has saved many lives with his talents in rear support after the Gate, even if he hasn't been in combat.

The death of a classmate who wasn't so close.

Hearing the story, Herriot walks away with a puzzled look on his face.

The deaths of your classmates will only be the beginning. Whether by accident or by too many monsters.

One by one, one by one.

It will die.

Both Ellen and Harriet knew it would be.

Herriot didn't mourn or cry over his death.

I just walked around in a daze.

Usually, when you meet someone you haven't seen in a while, you'll start with a nice little story and then get down to business.

But that's a world where there is no such thing as an appropriate topic.

Speaking of classmates, I have to tell a story about a classmate who died.

It's hard to bring up a lighthearted topic near a garrison of troops deployed for war, and when you do, it's only going to make you feel more disconnected from reality.

It's impossible to talk in moderation and get to the point.

Herriot finally stopped, looking determined.

Depression and sadness in those eyes.

There was a lot of self-loathing about having to bring up things that I couldn't be responsible for or afford, hoping that someone else would sacrifice.

"Ellen."

"Yes."

When Harriet stopped, Ellen stopped, too.

"Reinhardt is....... might die."

"......what?"

For the first time, Ellen realized that certain words could make her heart stop.

Turning to Ellen, who was lost in thought, Harriet began to talk.

Herriot couldn't tell the whole truth, because he couldn't tell the important story, the story of the demon kingdom built on the Edina Archipelago.

Feeling self-conscious about it.

A story of so much death in the world that the spirits of those who have died have coalesced into one, growing larger and larger.

The story of how Olivia Ranze was possessed by it, but Reinhardt banished the spirits and absorbed them instead.

As a result, the story goes, the demon is slowly dying under the pressure of spirits with hatred and resentment toward him.

Ellen was stunned by the revelation.

And I could only gape in disbelief at the unbelievable story of how she had taken it into her body because of the harm and damage it would cause.

When he finished, Herriot rolled his eyes.

His eyes were red and bloodshot.

If you can do it, you want to do it.

If there is another way, I'd love to find it.

However, the sight of Reinhardt dying in real time was a clear indication that he didn't have much time.

I can't save you, so you save me.

I feel sad, miserable, and shameless for having to say that.

You could have sent someone else.

Antirrhinus, who suggested the job, could have come himself.

However, Herriot chose to come in person.

I couldn't put this request in someone else's mouth.

At least you're a friend.

No matter how miserable and tormented you feel about saying this, you feel like it's your duty to ask Ellen for this favor.

"Reinhardt to....... Save me. Save Reinhardt....... Save Reinhardt."

"......."

Ellen looks at the sobbing Harriet.

He wonders how he can save Reinhardt.

Ellen thought she knew what Harriet was talking about.

"Well, if I can handle it, I can make....... I don't know how, but....... that I can do that?"

"......."

Harriet stares at Ellen, still.

-nod

I can't bring myself to say it, so I just nod, crying.

"I'll do it."

Without a second thought, Ellen nodded. The fact that Ellen said it so casually puzzled Harriet.

"Ellen....... I know I asked you to do this, and I know it's ridiculous to say this out loud, but....... too much, too fast....... It's not your call."

"I'll do it."

"Ellen......."

Ellen doesn't really know what she's getting herself into, and so rather than deceive her, Harriet has to explain how dangerous it is and what it will bring.

"You'll die. Your soul will disappear. You'll be eaten by those spirits and your existence will cease. Or you'll become something else entirely."

Death, or the cessation of existence, or the permanent transformation of the self.

"Well, let me ask you a question."

"......Yes."

"If I accept them into my body, if I allow them to dominate my body....... I, Reinhardt....... hate him?"

Ellen Artorius is gone, and a new Ellen Artorius is born, consumed by demon-hating spirits.

"Maybe....... It will."

"To the point where you want to kill them. To the point where you actually try to kill them....... right?"

"Maybe......."

The warrior who loves the devil is gone.

All that's left is a puppet of hatred and resentment, one that hates the demon so much that it wants to kill him.

"Does it have to be that way?"

Ellen asks, and Harriet purses her lips.

Just a possibility.

Ask about the likelihood of your self surviving without being annihilated.

"I don't know....... I don't know the details either....... But I do know that Reinhardt....... is somehow hanging on right now....... maybe you won't go away either. But....... I can't be sure. No one really knows what's going to happen......."

Nor can we say that it is necessarily possible for the self of Ellen Artorius to remain unassimilated with those spirits.

Reinhardt has already done the impossible, and Ellen Artorius can do even more impossible things.

There are no absolutes.

It's just that it's never really close.

Ellen thinks.

If she disappears, Ellen will one day fight Reinhardt.

Ellen's body, possessed by the will to hate the demon, will do just that.

Obviously, I don't want that.

But if you don't do something about it now, Reinhardt will die.

There may be another way, but I don't have the time to find it right now.

He saves Reinhardt by bearing the hatred of men. It's not ideological, it's practical.

They really embrace hatred and resentment, and later become the devil's enemies.

If it can save Reinhardt.

If we can save Reinhardt now, we can save him later.

May I disappear.

Is it okay to die.

Is that the price of distrust.

It's not a total get-out-of-jail-free card.

However, I live for a little indulgence.

There are no guarantees that you will disappear completely.

Even if it's a remote possibility, there's no reason not to bet on it.

There's no guarantee you'll die.

And the words I once said.

When you said I'd die for you.

Beyond time, the moment has come for me to live up to those words.

The moment had come when I could repay Reinhardt, at least a little, for his distrust.

"I thought I would die for Reinhardt. Go on."

"By the way."

"On the subject of."

"When it mattered, I put Reinhardt in more pain than death because I didn't trust him."

"To me, something like......."

Ellen smiles sadly.

"I'm glad I can do something like this."

"......."

"It's a good thing, even for me, even for this....... there's at least one thing I can do for Reinhardt."

Ellen sees Herriot crying.

"There's something I can do for Reinhardt, thank you."

Eventually, Harriet burst into tears when she saw Ellen like that.





