Episode 510.





The Devil has called a meeting.

Razak's Royal Chamber.

In the presence of the Senate, the Regent, and all the other dignitaries, the Demon King gives a brief instruction.

"Organize an elite unit."

Reinhardt didn't mention Ellen Artorius' work at all, as if to say that this wasn't a rebuke or a lesson in everything that had happened, but rather a discussion of what was to come.

"The goal is pre-emptive action against monsters in the path of the Allies."

Fort Mokna is being withdrawn. And since Edina doesn't need as many troops to defend it, a significant number of troops remain.

Despite losing a significant number of paladins and priests during the last purge, Edina's power is not that great.

There were still quite a few troops left.

Now the last army of humanity is marching to break down the gate.

But it's a slow process.

After advancing a certain distance, you set up a garrison and focus on making the path around it safe. Then you advance, set up a garrison, and repeat.

With an entire continent at risk, it's a no-brainer.

"If the troops march faster, they'll be able to deal with each gate faster, and we'll be able to end the gate crisis a little sooner."

So the Demon's Army does what Imperial scouts and extermination troops are doing now, but a little further ahead of time.

In other words, an escort force unknown to even the allied forces is leading the way.

"In such a way that once we have a path of advance, we cooperate in the gate-breaking operation?"

At Regent Charlotte's question, the Demon King shook his head slightly.

"It's going to depend on the situation, because if we run into them, they might attack us. There might be situations where we can help, and there might be situations where we need to stay out of it."

Herriot nods at the demon's words.

"Yeah, if we get it wrong, it could be a three-way tie, and that's not a good thing."

With the priority of destroying the gate, if the human army senses the presence of a demonic force, things can get really weird.

So we move in ways that support them where the armies of humanity can't see them.

Just clearing a path of advance would be a massive undertaking.

Leave the gates in the hands of humanity, and help when necessary, but your primary mission is to ensure the safety of the march.

"It's the kind of thing you could secretly negotiate with the emperor if you had to."

A complete end to the Gate situation is something that both the Empire and Edina need, so it's entirely possible to conduct such negotiations underwater and keep the rank-and-file soldiers in the dark about it.

"I want my sister to organize the army."

The Devil looks at Olivia Ranze and says.

With the Holy Order controlling the bulk of Edina's military power, it makes sense for Olivia Ranze to organize the army.

"Yeah, okay."

Olivia nodded with a stony expression.

"I need all of you to cooperate in this operation. Is that possible?"

The five gajus nodded at the demon king's words.

A devil who has nothing to say about what needs to be said.

So, everyone is in debt to some degree.

As a result, they were more inclined to follow his instructions and commands than ever before.

And just like that, everyone was racing to end the gate debacle once and for all.

"That's the end of the meeting, but stay with Airi, we have a story to tell."

The meeting was dismissed at the Demon King's simple command, and as instructed, the succubus queen, Airi, remained in the room.

Airi stiffened and moved to the demon's side.

The last time it happened, Airi was the one who put Reinhardt to bed.

So I was on edge because I didn't know what I was going to hear.

As children, Airi and Bali were enemies.

And in reality, Airi was in the position of beating up Valerie.

But now, many years later, Valier was undeniably a demon, and he had demonic powers.

Now that she has her horns back and can harness magic, Airi is stronger than she was before she lost her horns and can wield many powers.

But after what she'd done, Airi was as small as a mouse in front of a cat when the demon told her to stay.

Looking at the Demon King, who is silent for a moment, Airi speaks up, her lips trembling slightly.

"That....... If that's what you asked me to do last time, I'm at least trying it out......."

Implementation and artifactualization of dream magic into regular magic.

I asked Herriot to do it, but I needed to get Airi's cooperation, and she was already working with Herriot on that.

"Really? Do you think you can do it?"

"I'm not sure yet, but the scribe says....... I think I'm onto something."

It's not the magic of the demons, it's the inherent power of the demons.

He hadn't thought about it, but he seemed to have a sense of what Reinhardt was asking him to do.

A country where everyone is guaranteed a comfortable place to dream.

I don't know if that really means much or not, but if there are a lot of hurting people out there, it's bound to help a lot of people.

"Good, then."

The demon smiled, as if he'd just been pushing his luck and hadn't expected it to work.

But that's not what he's here for, and he looks at Airi.

"Anyway, there's nothing for you to do now that we're not searching for refugees, right?"

"Huh? Ah....... Yeah. Actually, yes."

Airi's original mission was to take care of the psychological state of those who arrived in Edina. This included practical counseling, encouraging them to dream, and more.

The early days of Edina's founding were hectic, but as the number of evacuees dropped off dramatically, Airi was able to slow down a bit.

And now that Port Mokna is completely shut down, there will be no replenishment of evacuees.

So I could leave the traditional counseling and dream care to the other succubi.

So in the long run, Airi may have to take on a different role.

"You know, the last time you saw my dreams."

"Ah....... Yeah."

"Pretty good, for sure."

The Demon King has never experienced firsthand what it means to have a succubus queen take care of your dreams. The last time was the first time he'd felt her power in the first place.

The fact that he was able to somehow hold on to his dying mind was a testament to Airi's power.

"So I want you to see my dreams in the future, preferably every day."

Airi suddenly understood what the demon was talking about.

No matter how much you pretend to be okay, your mind will be in turmoil and filled with anger.

The spirits that haunt her soul and mind may be gone, but Ellen has taken them with her.

So the demon was just holding in all the negative thoughts and words, and it was very painful. Even though the spirits are gone, it's very possible that they're still having nightmares.

So you can tell them to take care of their dreams.

It's not an accusation or a reprimand, it's a request for help.

"Yes, you can, and I'll make sure you have a good dream."

Airi nodded, somehow overwhelmed by the thought that there was something she could do.

Not to get energized, but to help Reinhardt regain a calm state of mind in a peaceful dream.

Hearing Airi's words, the demon shook his head.

"Well, ....... I know what you're thinking, but it's different."

"...... is different?"

The Demon King looks at Airi.

"I don't want a good dream, I want a nightmare."

"......?"

Airi's mind seemed to freeze at the Demon King's nonchalant words.

Not a peaceful dream, but a nightmare.

I want that.

Why?

"Let me dream that Ellen is trying to kill me. Every day from now on."

Airi didn't know what she was hearing, didn't understand.



* * *



Through Airi's power, I somehow managed to hold on to my shattered spirit.

But the spirits that sought to destroy and consume me were no longer in me, they had metastasized into Ellen.

So I don't need to try to get that calm image anymore. I already know how to do that in Lizaira.

A succubus is a dreamer.

A monk essentially enters someone's dream and takes their energy.

The squadron's succubus queen, Reina, has put many soldiers to sleep in this way. Soldiers who were unable to overcome their drowsiness were unable to focus on the battle, and if they fell asleep, the succubus queen would drain them of their energy and they would never wake up again.

Right now, Airi and our succubi are anomalies, using their powers much differently than they were intended.

It is usually used to seduce someone to absorb their energy, or to give them peace of mind.

Then you can do the opposite.

If you can make someone have a good dream, completely independent of regular absorption.

Completely unrelated to regular absorption, it could give someone nightmares.

The moment you have to fight for your life with Ellen.

I need to get used to the moment itself.

Even if it's just a dream, if I can get used to it, I'll be able to stay calm in the situation, and the work of changing the future will start with that.

From that day forward.

In the bedroom where Harriet and I slept, Airi began to keep watch.

Both Airi and Harriet looked at me wistfully as I asked for a nightmare on purpose.

You can only imagine what I'm trying to accomplish with this.

There is no set future.

There is only a future to be determined.

I change the future.

I've changed it over and over again.

I realize now that the future, which is so important, never changes.

I, will change.

"How....... do that?"

"How do I do that?"

Airi looks at me with shaky eyes at my question.

"Pain or....... these things....... to not be felt, to weaken......."

"You need to make it stronger."

"......."

As if she knew I'd say that, Airi looks down at me in bed and bites her lip slightly.

It's a fight in a dream, a wound in a dream, a death in a dream.

The more pain the better, as long as no one actually gets hurt.

He was looking at me like, "Do we have to do this?

Airi puts her hand on my forehead.

Airi's hand on his forehead was warm.

But those hands will plunge me into a deep nightmare I don't even want to think about.

The Succubus Queen.

If Airi were to subside someone with malicious intent, she could plunge them into a sleeping hell from which they would never awaken, regardless of regular absorption.

"Good night....... Bali."

I heard Airi's shaky voice in my ear.

I drifted off into a deep sleep.



* * *



Dreams are inherently unconscious.

When you are aware, your brain is awakened and pulled into reality.

Lucid dreaming is very difficult to do artificially, and it's hard to control.

But the dream I'm having now is very special. In my dream, under the control of the Succubus Queen, I was dreaming in my waking state.

A vast reedy forest.

Time is day.

Is the season fall.

Season, time of day, and location.

I don't know if it's Airi's idea or mine.

But maybe, just maybe, it's just my imagination.

What I asked Airi to do was to give me nightmares of Ellen trying to kill me.

But Airi doesn't know much about Ellen.

So the Ellen that appears in the dream will be the Ellen that is constructed based on my understanding.

Ellen Artorius as I imagine her.

Then Ellen moves with the intention of killing me.

What if Ellen had been so completely assimilated by the spirits that inhabited her that her sense of self had disappeared, and she had become a puppet whose only desire was to die.

The Ellen I see in front of me now, and the Ellen I will see later, will be the same person, regardless of her actual skills.

A shell of Ellen with no self, only the will to kill me.

I summon it in my dreams and.

Later, you may have to actually fight such an Ellen.

-pot!

Amidst the reeds that obscure the view, a figure rises up.

In midair, Ellen, clad in Voidblade and Cloak of the Sun, slashes at me.

-Quack!

You duck back, and the shockwave from your sword slash blows away some of the reeds.

The Ellen Artorius of my dreams, vacant-eyed, charging straight for me.

-Bam!

The clash of the Auror-bladed Alsbringer and the Voidblade sent another shockwave through the air, and this time Ellen and I both bounced off each other in the recoil.

Ellen as I imagine her.

I've never really beaten Ellen.

How good is the real Ellen and the dream Ellen?

I still remember the inscription on the lapel.

Immortalized by hatred.

This is Ellen, carrying all the hate in the world.

Ellen would then be able to wield the true power of the Rapelt.

We don't know what that force is specifically.

I can only speculate that it's some kind of fire-related force.

So I don't know much about Ellen now.

So, the Ellen of my dreams will be weaker than the real Ellen.

I don't know how strong Ellen is, having unleashed the true power of the two holy objects.

-pot!

Darting through the reeds, Ellen's Voidblade stabs me in the chest.

I parry his blade with my Alsbringer and stab him in the nape of the neck.

At this rate, you'll be able to punch Ellen in the throat.

Strike.

That.

In my dreams.

Is this okay?

I.

Ellen?

That moment when I find myself afraid to watch Ellen die, even in my dreams.

Already the sword has slowed, and its grip is slipping.

The power in my sword is weakened, and the hesitation of the moment is not lost on the being in the dream.

A brief hesitation.

Taking advantage, Ellen spun around, striking Alsbringer with her left elbow.

Swinging a Voidblade that bounces back along its trajectory.

-skuck!

It blew my head off.



* * *



Died six times to Ellen.

The real Ellen would be stronger than my imagination, which means that if the later fight had actually happened, it would have played out exactly as it did in the preview.

When I died six times, it wasn't because the Ellen of my dreams was too strong.

I've had my fair share of dueling with Ellen. So even if it's just my imagination, I'm no stranger to crossing swords with Ellen.

However, against Ellen, who was attacking me with the mindset of killing, I realized how difficult it was for me to swing my sword with sincerity.

It's a dream, so there's no harm in hurting her, but the moment my sword is about to touch Ellen's body, my body freezes up on its own.

Ellen in my dreams moves only to kill me, of course, and I'm afraid to hurt her, even in my dreams.

Aside from the question of skill, aside from the question of how strong I imagine Ellen to be.

Faced with the prospect of ending Ellen's life, I stiffen in terror.

Since it's a dream, it won't have any real-world consequences, so you don't have to hesitate to hurt Ellen.

But what if you get too used to it?

Could it actually end up hurting Ellen, or even taking her life?

Your darkened vision returns.

This time, the backdrop was a magical star at night.

The central garden of the ruined Mawang Castle.

The site of the fight between Lagan Artorius and the Ancestral Valier.

Across from me, Ellen stares at me with her Voidblade.

-pot!

In the end, it doesn't change the fact that you have to get used to this situation while dreaming about it.

-Bam!

The Voidblade and Alsbringer clashed, scattering stone dust in the echoing shockwave.





