Episode 512





Riana squatted on the beach, head down, speechless.

-Rumble

"I don't think that's a coincidence, do you?"

"......Yes."

The sky, which had just been a brilliant blue, was now dark with dark clouds, and I could hear thunder rumbling in the clouds.

If there's anyone in Edina right now who could kill Riana with words, it's me.

It's all because of you.

With those words, Riana stared blankly at the grains of sand on the beach.

I'm not serious.

Riana wanted to find out for herself if she could really change the weather when she was in an extreme mood, so she said something she didn't mean.

And that back view.

That's what you were thinking.

It's more painful to me.

Riana stares at the sand for a long time, then lifts her head to look up at the blackened sky.

I can't help but notice that it's definitely working.

How long has it been.

Riana gets up, dead-eyed, and walks over to me.

"Some more."

"......?"

"More, say something."

No.

I know what you're thinking!

"...... is so perverted you guys."

Lucinil looks back and forth between the dead-eyed Riana and me with an exasperated expression.

"Is ...... okay?"

I'd do it if I had to, but I'm afraid I'd be stomping all over Riana's already half-dead psyche.

It looks like it's going to crumble if you tap it.

"No, it's not good, it's not good, I want you to do more."

It's definitely working, so beat it some more.

Is this okay?

As I listened, I wondered if Riana was going to strangle herself.

Tearing a kid's mind apart verbally, even if it's for the sake of awakening their abilities, when they're already mentally unhinged....... I already did it, but is it okay to do more than this?

"......Okay."

After all, Riana is asking for it.

In the end, hearing some words of rebuke from me may be part of the process for Riana to come to terms with herself.

Maybe it's better to be criticized than to hear nothing at all.

I don't know, but Riana may need my criticism, regardless of her awakened powers.

I got yelled at, and I paid the price.

I don't think so, but it might make her feel a little better.

I sat down next to her, leaving Riana in the sand for now.

And talk about things that are terrible to say.

"To be honest, it's not all you."

Once you've decided to do it, you don't want to do it in moderation.

"This is what happened because of this and that, right?"

"......."

"Well, a lot of people died, and....... Olivia's sister had a rough go of it, and I almost died, too......."

"......."

"Later, it became a matter of me killing Ellen, or me having to kill Ellen......."

"......."

"So, for the past few days, I've been having nightmares about Ellen killing me on purpose, so that I won't be so easily killed later."

"......."

"So....... all of this."

"......."

"How did this happen, and is it all because of you?"

Riana's lips quirk up.

Eventually, Riana burst into tears, her whole body shaking.

"Sorry....... Sorry....... Sorry....... Sorry, Reinhard......."

Even though she knew I was doing this on purpose, she couldn't help but be distracted by my words.

"I....... I did it all wrong....... It's all my fault. It's all, it's all my fault....... It's all because of me......."

I put my hand on Riana's shoulder as she shivers, and whisper in his ear.

"You said it's all your fault. You didn't say you did anything right, did you?"

Never.

"Well, what did you do right?"

"Black....... ugh....... ugh! ugh......! ugh!"

I didn't want to do anything half-assed.

Soon, it started to rain.

-Kurrrrrr

The rain soon became a storm.



* * *



-Shoot!

A storm was brewing with fierce winds.

The waves roared, and the thunderclouds raged, sending sharp bolts of thunder to the earth.

At this point, it's clear.

Riana is right to realize that she has the ability to control the weather.

Not even a goblin.

When you cry, it rains.

I stand on the beach, facing the raging sea and the pounding rain.

-Hey, you know Valerie doesn't really think that way.

-Ah, I know....... I know....... I know. I know....... I know....... ugh....... Ugh.......

-Uh-oh. Let's be gentle with him. You've completely destroyed him.

Lucinil had Riana under a palm tree and was patting her back, trying to soothe her somehow.

You realize you've said more than that.

But maybe that's what she needed.

Riana didn't pay for her mistake, and she couldn't be held accountable for anything that happened because of it.

So even a little.

Even if it's a rebuke or an accusation.

I'd rather hear something like this than have to pay a small price for it.

It doesn't make me feel any better, but I wonder what it means to be blamed for it.

A storm is brewing, a thunderstorm is brewing.

The harsh sound of the wind against my skin, the raindrops hitting my face in the wind.

Weather changes.

Is that it?

Is that it?

I stand in front of Riana, who is sitting under a palm tree, with Lucinil petting her.

"Archdemon, stop......."

Reading the determination in my expression, Rusinil shook his head in pity.

But I don't intend to stop.

"Riana."

"......Yes."

Riana struggles to lift her head and looks at me.

"Wake up."

"Stop it, you've checked, what else are you going to do here, huh?"

Lucinil shook her head, grabbing Riana by the collar as she tried to get up at my command.

We know that weather changes are possible.

Riana's abilities have evolved.

Riana's expression was miserable and desperate as she tried to hold back her tears somehow.

"What the hell am I going to do with this?"

"......."

"Pull it out a little more."

I point to the beach.

"What difference does it make if we make it rain a little bit?"

Can rain kill monsters?

Can you kill monsters with wind?

Lightning was originally a power that could be used.

"Some more."

"......."

"Show me something more useful."

"......."

"If you're going to take responsibility for what you've done, you're going to have to show me something more useful than this."

"......."

"Do you think that's enough?"

"......No."

Riana shakes her head in disbelief.

I don't know if that's what he meant or not.

Riana has blossomed a new ability, and it's definitely no ordinary one.

But Riana found a new use for herself and reported it to me.

Then some more.

Something more substantial, something more practical, something more useful.

More disruptive.

There should be such a thing.

I said something I didn't mean to say to provoke Riana.

But not from now on.

"Show me. If it's not there, make it happen."

I'm serious.

"If you're going to be held accountable for what you've done, you're going to have to show me something more than this, am I right?"

"Valerie, you are!"

Lucinil finally gets impatient and grabs the hem of my shirt.

"Well."

"......."

Meeting my gaze, Lucinil froze, unable to say anything more to me.

"Am I wrong, answer me."

"......You're right."

You can't kill a monster with a rainstorm.

So something, something bigger.

Something more destructive.

"If you know, do it."

Is it possible to be responsible for sin?

I don't know.

But Riana and I are alive and we've decided to do something about it.

This requires strength.

If hope is power, then we must find it.

If anger is empowering, then you should embrace it.

If desperation is strength.

You should eat despair.

At my harsh command, Riana stares at the beach with dead eyes.

I don't know if it was the power of my words or the despair and depression that my words stirred in Riana.

-Currrrrrrr!

In the distance, I could see a giant molten rock rising, sucking up the seawater.

Lucinil stared at the disaster, open-mouthed, beyond the overwhelming weather phenomenon.

I didn't settle for a storm, and when I dug a little deeper, I found this power.

Power enough to cause a disaster beyond a storm.

Riana may be the most powerful psychic of them all.

That's it.

I'll need to get more comfortable with the force here before I can use it in the real world.

By the way.

But you know what?

"That....... I know that's not what you're going to say after all this shit......?"

"......?"

I could feel Riana's panic as my tone returned to normal after all the commanding and berating.

No.

I tried to get the ability out somehow, and it's good that I did.

-Currrrr!

I could practically feel the violent storms generated by the giant lava flows.

"Can you get rid of that....... Can you get rid of that?"

I was thinking about pulling it out, but not at all about how to get rid of it.

Riana and I lock eyes.

"......."

"......."

It's no wonder I'm helpless, and it's no wonder she's helpless.

Even if it's a deserted island.

What the heck is going to happen when that tornado touches down in a populated area?

Eventually, the last card.

I couldn't help but look at Lucinil the Archmage.

"Well, my lord. Can't you do something with your magic?"

"...... I know the magic of calling a tornado, but do I know the magic of dismantling a naturally occurring tornado, and the magic of calling a tornado can't even bring me back from the dead on that scale."

Lucinil was equally helpless.

In the end, it comes back to the basics.

This is a weather phenomenon created in response to Riana's depressive imagery.

That said, once Riana's sanity is restored, the storm and the maelstrom disappear.

"You do realize this was all just talk, right?"

"......."

Riana's face contorts at my words, and she begins to burst into tears again.

That's it.

You know, the one where you get scolded by your parents and can't even cry, but when they pat you on the back, you burst into tears.

"ugh....... Ugh....... Hmph!"

"Whoops, yeah. Cry. I felt bad."

I start patting Riana on the back. Lucinil, drenched in rain, looks at me with a frightened expression.

"Bali, are you really....... You're a real piece of shit."

"......."

Anyway, me and Lucinil soothed Riana all the way through.

Fortunately, the molten metal quickly dissipated.

The storm continued to fall.



* * *



Since we still had quite a bit of time before deployment, Riana, Rusinil, and I were able to spend a little more time training on the desert island.

Of course, we weren't eating and sleeping on a deserted island. I'm training with a mass-teleporting archmage, and there's no reason why I should be.

"You go home and sleep tonight."

"......home?"

"Go to your mother's and sleep. Come to the castle tomorrow before noon."

I instructed Riana, who looked puzzled. Riana shook her head, her expression still grim, as if it was necessary.

"Go hold your mom's hand and go to sleep. Why do you have to be in a bad mood all the time, even if it's the strength that comes from being in a bad mood?"

"I'm just doing this for ......, aren't you?"

"How did you know?"

I chuckled, and Riana looked like she was going to cry again.

I'm rather impressed with your puns, as usual.

"Yeah, I'm going to go home and cuddle with my mom because I'm depressed, dammit."

Riana smiled wistfully, almost self-deprecatingly, and strode off.

"Hah, powers that come from being depressed. Being a superpower is complicated."

"Still, it's better than no power."

"......Yes."

Lucinil looked wistfully after Riana as she walked away.



* * *



That night.

"Riana?"

"Uh."

Today was one of those days when I didn't call for Airi, so it was just me and Harriet in the bedroom.

"Manipulating weather events....... That's crazy."

Harriet sat up in bed, her eyes shining with excitement as she scribbled in her journal.

You can even call a tornado.

But it doesn't end there, and Riana's abilities certainly have more potential.

You can make it cloudy, you can make it rain, you can make it snow, you can make it hail.

Taking it a step further, what about natural disasters like earthquakes?

We don't know the full extent of Riana's superpower potential.

For now, we'll focus on developing Riana's abilities until she's ready to go.

"So Riana's powers only manifest when she's depressed?"

"Uh, so the harsh words made me feel like I was depressing not only her, but also myself."

"Harsh words?"

"What....... You know, this thing......."

"ah......."

Herriot nodded wearily, as if he knew what she meant without being told in detail.

Not for me, who had to say it, not for Riana, who had to hear it, and not for Lucinil, who had to watch it unfold.

We couldn't hammock each other.

"That must have been hard....... You, too, Riana."

I couldn't help but feel horrible, wondering if I'd have to do this again tomorrow.

She was writing something down in her journal, thinking about it, writing it down again, thinking about it, writing it down again.

"Well, ....... But, come to think of it, do I really need to?"

Harriet looks at me as if she's remembered something.

"Do you have to....... What, do you have to say something you don't like?"

"Yeah, do I have to?"

"I couldn't care less because it seems to give me strength when I'm depressed......."

"No, if being depressed is a condition, I don't need you to....... say something you don't even want to say."

"So how do you make it depressing?"

This whole situation is weird and awful in and of itself, seriously talking about how to make your friends depressed, but this.

"I thought medication would be enough?"

"......?"

What is.

What does that mean?

"Wouldn't it be enough to mix up a mood-lowering drug? Why do you have to say such....... hurtful things to say."

"No, that....... that....... bad?"

The word "medication" makes me cringe, so I couldn't help but think that Harriet's words sounded harsh.

"As long as there are no side effects."

"......, right?"

"A drug that makes you feel depressed, except for the addictive part and stuff. I guess there's nothing you can't do if you want to make it."

While Christina was responsible for the creation of the Moonshine, which, in retrospect, is the secret of alchemy, Herriot played a role in the creation of the Power Cartridge as well as the Moonshine.

So it stands to reason that Herriot must have some knowledge of alchemy as well.

Herriot scribbled something in his research journal, then tore off a page and handed it to me.

"I'll show it to the Lord of Demand, and he'll know what it is, so you can mix it up and feed it to him."

"Well, it's still medicine....... Are you sure you're okay?"

"...... You don't believe me?"

"That's not true, but......."

At the mention of drugs, Harriet's eyes widen in horror.

If you're going to beat me up and make me depressed, you might as well do it with drugs, because when the drugs wear off, I'll feel better.

If Herriot is right, and there are no side effects, I think this might be exactly what Riana needs.

No.

But to be prescribed antidepressants instead of antidepressants later in life is just ridiculous.

Is this right?

"As with all medicines, long robes are a no-no, just so you know."

With that, Harriet turned her attention back to her journal.

Power is nice, but you can't hurt someone with words like this.

They'll just end up eating each other.

So use drugs instead.

That was Herriot's prescription.





