Episode 514.





After the Gate debacle, Ellen asked Tana and Bertus to kill her.

"You can't do that.

'There has to be another way. Ellen.'

Naturally, they had no intention of granting Ellen's request.

It's the hope of humanity, and it's not for nothing that Ellen should remain a symbol of hope for the rebuilding of humanity after the Gate is over.

Because I don't think Ellen deserves to die that way.

Bertus said he would find a way. Gather the remaining Five Lords and perform a cleansing ritual or whatever.

He said he would do anything to get Ellen back.

Bertus immediately set up a meeting with the five patriarchs who were inspecting the garrison.

"Is this what you mean when you say the warrior is possessed?"

"We don't know why, but it's eating away at the warrior's ego, and we need to gather all the priests for a purification ritual right away."

Bertus didn't mention that Ellen had voluntarily accepted the spirits, because he didn't need to.

The strongest army in the world, it is home to the majority of the priests and paladins of the Crusader Order.

With the power of the priests of the Five Great Houses, they cleanse Ellen's body and soul of spirits.

Whether it's possible or not, you should try.

"Do I really need to?"

"......What?"

Bertus narrowed his eyes at the Cult of Alth pontiff's words.

"If the spirits are more than even a warrior can handle, and he ends up losing his self. Doesn't that mean they are reborn as someone more suited to be a warrior?"

This time it was the Pope of the Tuan Order.

The worship of the God of Purity is actually an affirmation of the warrior's situation, as he is being consumed by unclean spirits.

"I have heard that the warrior has awakened new powers and is more powerful than before. If so, it is because of the added power of the spirit within him. What could be more right for mankind than for the warrior to be stronger?"

Bertus gritted his teeth at the Cult of Als pope's comment.

Tuan and Alth's Relics chose the Demon.

As such, they are in a very bad position compared to other denominations.

It's no wonder the crowds shun the two denominations, and priests and paladins find themselves on the outs even in this garrison.

It is Tuan and the Cult of Alth popes who most desire the Demon's demise.

Once the Demon is dead and gone, we can dream of rebuilding the Order.

While it's true that the newer religion, the Cult of the Champion, has the most support right now, the two Orb Lords who chose the Champion, Mensis and Shalam, are also very popular with the public.

The Cult of Riter, the God of Courage, has nothing to do with demons or warriors, but at least they're out of harm's way.

Thus, as the Demon rises, the Cult of Riter and Mensis gains support.

It is ironic that the popes of the Alsatuan Order, who can only dream of rebuilding the Order if the Demon dies anyway, must hope for the Demon's death even though their god has chosen him.

So, regardless of the circumstances, I'm in favor of Ellen Artorius being reduced to a demon-hating shell of a warrior.

Just as the popes of the Tuan and Als wish for the death of the Demon, so do the popes of the other three orders.

Only when the demon is dead, and the warrior has fulfilled his role and lost his symbolism, will the religion of the Cult of the Warrior cease to exist.

Only then can the Five Great Houses regain control of the continental faith.

The popes of the Five Great Houses of God had hoped for the death of the Demon King.

"You know what the devil intended, don't you?"

Most importantly, they were among the very few people who knew the truth about what happened at Gate.

The popes of the Five Great Houses were present when the demon Reinhardt was interrogated.

As such, he knew that the warrior Ellen Artorius would not be able to truly kill the demon.

At that, the Pope of the Order of the Ritter stares at Bertus.

"Isn't the Imperial House of Gradias the biggest culprit in causing the Gate to happen because they don't trust the Devil?"

"......."

"Now that you know the demon is good, do you feel some sort of obligation, some sort of duty, to try to prevent more sad things from happening to the demon and the hero?"

Bertus was speechless at this.

Because, as the Pope of the Order of the Ritter says, it's all horrifyingly true.

"Your Majesty, there is no point in regretting something that has already happened."

"Whether the devil is good or evil, it doesn't matter now."

"Before Gate happened. If we had believed that about two years ago, a lot of things would have been different."

"It's too late to believe the devil, so our caring for him won't change anything."

"After Gate, good and evil have become meaningless, and the only definition is survival, and nothing more."

"What's good and evil in a fight for survival?"

"The devil must die."

"Not because it is good, but because it is necessary for the survival of humanity, the empire, and the Five Great Houses."

Bertus was speechless at the words of the Pope of the Order of the Ritter.

Bertus could not utter a single word of rebuttal to those truths that seemed to stab him in the heart.

I should have believed it sooner.

Now, if you believe in the devil, nothing changes.

It was all true, and Bertus could only remain silent in his misery.

"Since the warrior was so close to the demon and she knows the truth about all of this, everyone in this room knows that she is someone who cannot truly harm the demon."

The people in this room know things that most people don't.

Those who know the truth know that warriors are not the ones who can fulfill people's faith.

He knows that the warrior cannot fulfill his desire to defeat the demon.

But things have changed.

The warrior's ego, his inability to hate the demon, will be gone, and once the spirits have consumed him, the warrior will be able to do what he truly needs to do.

The popes have no reason to help cleanse Ellen's soul of the spirits, whether they can or not.

"So the way things have turned out, it can only be a good thing for humanity."

Berthe and Tana look at the five popes.

No one is willing to help.

The Crusaders are ultimately driven by the orders of their leader, Elayon Bolton, and the Five Primarchs.

And is this really a bad thing for humanity.

Bertus couldn't argue with that.

And you're the one who caused all of this by not trusting Reinhardt when you should have.

When Reinhardt was interrogated, the five patriarchs were practically bridesmaids.

Saying that the real blame lies with the Imperial House of Gradias is not a provocation, it's simply the truth.

As such, Bertus knew best that he had no right to blame them.

In the fight for survival, there is no right or wrong.

The great patristic popes were no longer followers of God.

A man who fought only for the survival of the Church and its authority was not worthy to be called Pope.

But in the fight for survival, it's not about survival and rebuilding humanity, it's about heroes and demons.

To feel sorry for them is to prevent their predestined futures, which have nothing to do with the survival and hope of humanity, and to seek coexistence with an unrealizable demon.

Does he really deserve to be called the Emperor of Mankind.

The popes weren't popes.

The emperor was also not an emperor.



* * *



After the meeting concluded, the popes began inspecting the garrisons again to encourage the Crusaders.

In the command center barracks on the hill, Bertus was perched on one of the scattered wooden crates, looking out over the garrison.

"Your Majesty......."

"......."

Saviolin Tana looked at Bertus with concern.

Bertus stared out at the garrison with a stony expression, and said nothing.

The popes weren't wrong.

The true cause of every problem is complex, and it's impossible to say who is the real culprit.

However, there's no denying that the Gradias Yellow is a very large part of the reason.

In the words of the Pope of the Order of the Ritter, there's no point in believing now because you didn't believe when you should have.

Bertus knew better than anyone that he wasn't wrong.

For humanity, the devil is better off dead.

And if you're going to die, you might as well die a hero's death.

In the death of a demon, people will find hope, and no matter how dire the situation is, they will believe that the last demon is dead and that only prosperity lies ahead for humanity.

Hope and despair are ridiculous concepts.

Both have no practical use in saving or killing people.

But despair actually kills people, and hope actually saves people.

Just two for that hope.

Reinhard and Ellen Artorius.

Let them wallow in their own despair.

Is it right that they should take all the despair of others for the sake of humanity's survival and reconstruction?

One ceases to exist, the other loses his life.

They are both idols.

An idol of hope, a warrior.

The Devil, the idol of despair.

It is the emperor's right to sacrifice the two idols to anesthetize the people with false hope so that he can rebuild humanity and reestablish the Five Great Houses.

No one comes and goes.

The area around the command center barracks has been cleared of people and the popes have left, so it's just Tana and Bertus here now.

"Lord Tana."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"I thought I had the qualities of an emperor."

"......."

"He may not be the greatest emperor of all time, but there's no one like him in his time, or so I thought."

Bertus smirked.

"When Charlotte came back to life, I did quite a few pictures in my head."

"If it was a picture, would it be......?"

"A painting where I could be emperor."

Bertus looks off into the distance.

The blue sky was clear and clean, as if oblivious to the tragedies of the world.

On the ground, you can smell the smoke of cooking meals and hear the banging of weapons.

Even as funerals for fallen soldiers continue to be held.

The sky doesn't know it.

"When I'm better positioned than Charlotte, when I'm less positioned than Charlotte. Or when my position was irreparably compromised. I had thoughts about all of those cases in my head."

Bertus was already emperor, but before he became emperor. He had many plans in his head to become emperor.

"When Charlotte returned, I felt a great sense of crisis. Emperors aren't elected by the people, but they can't be ignored. The position of a princess who had been captured by the devil and returned from her ordeal was bound to have a great deal of influence."

The surviving Charlotte de Gradias was a very strong contender for Bertus.

"When they even managed to pull a stunt and get a temple, a royal one at that, I thought they were going to take it away from me."

"......You did."

"But what the heck."

Bertus chuckles.

"Lagan Artorius's sister is in my class."

If Charlotte hadn't survived, Ellen wouldn't have meant much to Bertus.

But with Charlotte's presence, Bertus needed a symbol that would threaten her political position.

Saviolin Tana seemed to know what Bertus was talking about.

"How Ellen Artorius and I ended up getting married. I mean, that was one of my schemes."

"That's right......, that's right......."

Arranged marriage.

Even better, if she was the warrior's sister, she would have a solid political position.

"But they looked at me like I was a rock rolling on the side of the road."

It's not exactly ignored.

However, I didn't really pay attention to it.

Ellen Artorius was such a person.

Everyone was fairly indifferent.

"It was a political necessity for me, not a personal interest at all, and it was just something I had to do anyway. I didn't make a big deal out of it."

"......."

"And then, at some point, you're stuck with Reinhard, the beggar, all the time."

Temple, Royal first year, Class A.

Ellen started hanging around Reinhardt, who had no talent, all the time.

Ellen, who had been indifferent to all of them, was strangely interested in only one.

At the time, Ellen didn't know who Reinhardt was.

Whether or not Reinhardt knew who Ellen was is beyond Bertus' knowledge.

The warrior's sister who was never interested in anyone.

Reinhardt was a beggar, an incompetent, a bad-tempered bastard, but he had a secret: he was a demon.

They gravitated toward each other.

There was no reason to be friendly, but we were.

"All the plans I'd made were worthless and unused, all the pictures I'd painted were gone, but I was still emperor."

In a way I never wanted to.

The previous emperor had died of overwork, and the empress was unable to take over the throne.

Bertus was never able to write the many drawings to become emperor, but he did become emperor.

"I think there's a certain inevitability to the two of them."

They were the first to get to know each other.

Now, it's the furthest away.

They value each other, but are forced to antagonize each other.

Bertus feels a certain inevitability in this malicious painting.

Each was a part of that inevitability, and each did its job in its own way.

Bertus stares out over the vast expanse of the garrison.

"The emperor should do what his head convinces him to do, not what his heart convinces him to do, or so I think."

"......."

"Especially at a time like this."

We should follow the path of reason.

Especially during these challenging times. Because it's foolish to pick the option that appeals to you.

When you don't know if the path of reason will lead to a good outcome or not, it's all too easy to see the consequences of making an emotional choice.

"I know that the words of bullshit popes may be dirty and messy, but they're not wrong, and I know that I have no right to condemn them."

The choices of the popes of the Church of the Lord can be cruel and vicious.

But there's no denying that it's a reasonable choice in this situation.

Bertus knows best that the Imperial House of Gradias has the most to answer for.

Saviolin Tana stared at the Emperor's weakness.

"What is the best....... what?"

"......."

The emperor's question was short, but overly difficult.

The best is easy.

It's best to let Ellen Artorius, now that her weakness is gone, kill the demon.

But that's just the best we can do at the moment, and we don't know if it's truly best or not.

"When I found out Reinhardt was the Devil, the best thing I could do was not to believe him. There were so many lies out there, and if you believed in the Devil then, you were crazy."

"...... did."

"The best I could reasonably do was not to believe Reinhardt at the time."

What was best then, was worst now.

The best you could do with your head at the time doesn't change what you think now.

The devil was not to be trusted.

So I didn't believe it.

But that choice brought the worst of the worst to the world.

Gate is a case of the best choices leading to the worst consequences, and a lot of people being held accountable for something that wasn't their choice.

"If the best thing for Ellen now is to leave her alone, is it a leap to think that it might be the worst thing for her later?"

"......."

"It's a leap."

Tana didn't answer, but Bertus was smiling bitterly, as if he knew without being told.

There have been times when the best choice has led to the worst outcome.

It's just a leap of faith not to choose the best, because the best choice you make now may lead to the worst outcome.

Bertus just knows it now.

What's best for you now could easily be the worst for you later.

A choice is a choice, and we don't know if it's for the best or for the worst until time reveals the consequences of that choice.

There is no best or worst.

There are only choices.

"I can't leave them alone like this."

Bertus couldn't leave Ellen alone like this.

We don't do this because we believe it will be best later.

It's just something that you choose to do because you want to do it.

Emperor qualities.

That's why Bertus doesn't think he has it in him anymore.





