Episode 515.





The Five Great Houses refused to cooperate, so cleansing Ellen of the demons in her soul was not even an option.

Then your only option is magic.

Bertus summoned the imperial wizards.

"It's impossible....... ."

Bertus' face hardened as he listened to the archmages' opinions during their discussions with the imperial mages.

"Visions that deal with souls are extremely rare, Your Majesty."

Magic that deals with spirits.

It was never properly studied because it was categorized as alcohol in the first place.

The art of betrothal, which was studied to improve the condition of the princess, is just one of the spells that deal with the soul.

"It's not that there aren't wizards who have studied and understood conjuration, but....... but they are extremely limited in what they can do."

After listening to the tales of the imperial wizards, Bertus could only feel sorry for himself.

Magic that deals with souls is extremely rare.

Those who have reached the level of Archmage are able to apply their understanding of conjuration to work magic with spirits. But the number of spirits inhabiting Ellen is incalculable.

Even the magic to transfer the spirits from the demon's body to Ellen's body was already a miracle.

The imperial wizards' answer was that magic was reserved for those who had studied it for a long time, such as the Lord Vampires, who had lived for unfathomable ages.

The Imperial Archmages are not far behind the Lord Vampires in terms of combat prowess and magical application, as humans are particularly gifted in the Five Elements.

But the weight of time lived is different.

There is a difference in the total amount of absolute knowledge.

As a result, things like large-scale soul transfer, which are only possible for Lord Vampires, are out of the reach of the Empire.

And even if it could be done, it's doubtful that anyone could afford it.

Priests don't cooperate.

There are no magic solutions.

"......."

Was it an illusion that I could do anything?

I can't leave it alone and want to do something about it.

Despite being the emperor, there is nothing he can do for them.

Bertus could only stare at the round table with a stony expression.

Magic.

Divine Power.

Is that really the only way.

Otherwise, it's not really there.

"If it's an ancient secret or mystery that we don't know about, there may be a way to do something about it, but....... We currently have no way of knowing......."

"Ancient rain of......?"

"Yes."

Ancient Rain.

At that, something clicked in Bertus' head.

Spells.

There is such a thing as witchcraft.

Bertus could recall that one of his classmates had a talent for witchcraft.



* * *



No one knows what witchcraft is.

He had the talent to learn at Temple, but there was no teacher at Temple who could teach him the specialty of Dettomorian.

Just as Temple's students were leaving, there were teachers leaving.

Royal classroom teachers are no exception.

While there was a role for commanders in the management of students, it was primarily the responsibility of the teachers.

Royal Class Second Year.

It's been two years, so I should be in fourth grade, but Temple's curriculum is stuck.

I'm in charge of the second year students of the Royal Class, and I'm also in charge of the retiring wizard, Mr. Mustang.

After the death of Mr. Eppinhauser, who was in charge of Class A, siding with the Devil, all of the Royal Class sophomores were under Mr. Mustang's care.

In front of Bertus stood Mr. Mustang.

Bertus is the emperor now, not the student, and so Mr. Mustrange stands before the emperor, stiffly, answering the emperor's questions.

"It's not just witchcraft, it's psychic......."

"Yes, Your Majesty. That, yes."

Despite the fact that his student was an emperor, a pretty bizarre situation, Mustang stood still and broke out in a cold sweat.

A talent for the spiritual realm in addition to witchcraft suggests that the Dethomorian may be able to do things that many archmages and clerics have been unable to do.

Of course, it's not necessarily a possibility, but the mere fact that it's a possibility is enough to make Bertus grasp at straws for now.

B-8, Detomorian.

"You're not in the garrison, are you?"

"That's right!"

Even non-combat majors have their moments. Like Adelia in Magiccrafting and Christina in Alchemy.

Even musical talent Lanyon Sessor is on hand to keep morale high at the garrison.

However, the Detomorians, with their talent for witchcraft, were not in the service.

In other words, it's still on the ecliptic.

Of course, there is no need or obligation for every student of the Temple to enlist in this war. There is no need to force those who are not useful to the fight, and who are not useful to the combatants.

"During the initial march, I was a belligerent, and although I was motivated....... other students and soldiers were anxious, so I decided to leave......."

"Anxious?"

The Detomorian was not originally determined to remain in the ecliptic; rather, it was terminated for a period of time and then returned to the ecliptic after being determined to remain in the ecliptic, Mustang explained.

"Yes....... That, that......."

Mr. Mustang began to ramble on to his student, Bertus, who was a great authority.

As the explanation continued, Bertus could not help but make a face.

First of all, Detomorians do not participate in combat. They don't have talents that help them in combat per se.

But they mumble unintelligible words all day, and when the garrison is set up, they stay in their tents and don't come out.

Worse, it keeps asking for bizarre things.

I don't need raw chicken, I don't need bones, I don't care if it's a field mouse or a field vole, it's just different if it's a mouse.

They're mumbling unintelligible words, bowing to bizarre idols made of bones when someone peeks inside their tents, dancing with lit candles, and other bizarre things.

It's a sinister, unexplained pagan summoning ritual, and it's bound to make the soldiers nervous and start bizarre rumors.

Inevitably, an ominous story spreads that one of Temple's students seems to be possessed by the devil.

"What the hell is that doing?"

"I've been asked many times as a principal, and they say they don't know the exact effects....... So when I asked him if he shouldn't do something like that because it makes people anxious, he said that he can't do it because it's the only thing he can do....... That's why......."

"...... That's what happened."

No one knows exactly what the spells and rituals the Dethomorians mutter mean.

But it's clear that they're practicing sinister rituals, using human sacrifices, and doing other bizarre things.

The effectiveness is unknown, but it's definitely demoralizing.

And morale is a major problem in the military.

Of course, the sheer size of the army means that a single Detomorian can't have a huge impact on the morale of the entire army, but it's definitely having a negative impact in certain areas.

So, at the Temple garrison, the teachers conferred and sent Detomorian back to the Temple.

Bertus and Saviolin Tana couldn't help but shiver as they listened to Mr. Mustang's explanation as he broke out in a cold sweat.

"I hope ...... is okay, Lord Tana."

Charlotte is still in the same class and has some knowledge of the Dettomorian, but Bertus has little idea what the Dettomorian is really like.

There's no way a guy who follows an army around performing bizarre pagan rituals is sane, even if he pretends to be.

Even if all other possibilities have been cut off, can we really put the hope of humanity in the unidentified consciousness of a faceless creature?

Neither Tana nor Bertus had an easy conclusion.



* * *



-Whoosh!

"Hmph!"

"Ellen......? Are you okay?"

After a meal in the garrison barracks, Heinrich von Schwarz checked on Ellen when she suddenly grabbed her head and bent over.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's okay....... It's okay......."

Holding up one hand, as if to say don't worry, Ellen leaned back and chose her breathing.

"You have to go out tomorrow, are you okay?"

"Okay......."

"No, you don't look okay at all."

Heinrich looked at Ellen, who was in serious condition, and clicked his tongue.

"I'm taking over the mission tomorrow, get some rest, you're going to die doing this."

"......."

Heinrich von Schwarz, Pyrokineticist.

Before long, Heinrich was strong enough to be recruited for a large-scale extermination campaign. As such, Heinrich was one of the strongest Temple students to join Ellen's operation.

So over the course of two years, Heinrich and Ellen operated together quite a bit.

Ellen tries to say it's okay, that I can go instead, but Heinrich is already walking away.

Not the kind of pain that feels like your head is going to crack, but the kind that feels like your soul is going to shatter.

Ellen chose to breathe in place a few times.

Repeat as your vision blurs and then sharpens.

There were times when I thought I was going to pass out from the words ringing in my head.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

Those who don't know the details only know that Ellen is exhausted.

Everyone she passes asks her if she's okay, and she can only barely answer the question.

Ellen decides to go on a mission, but Heinrich takes over.

Knowing how much stronger Heinrich's abilities have become, Ellen doesn't worry about that.

But in the midst of a bizarre sense of blurred identity, Ellen desperately tries to stay awake.

It will eventually go away.

I don't want to disappear now.

I want to hold on as long as I can.

We don't know if that will be today, tomorrow, or next week.

I want to hold out as long as I can.

"Ellen......?"

In the distance, through my blurred vision, I saw someone approaching.

It was hard to see, but Ellen could tell it was Kliffman approaching.

Kliffman.

A-5 Cliffman.

Talents are combat.

And.

And.......

"......."

As if a clouded mind could prevent thinking. In her clouded mind, Ellen could think of nothing but Cliffman's name, number, and talent.

What role is Cliffman playing right now.

What you're doing.

Nothing comes to mind.

Suddenly.

Ellen's eyes glazed over.

Very briefly.

It was just a brief blur of vision, like the blink of an eye.

"......Heh!"

However, it was like being submerged in deep water and then being pulled up. With a strange sense of elevation, Ellen came to her senses.

"Huh....... 헉......."

Ellen couldn't help but freeze.

It was like closing my eyes for a second and then opening them.

However, Ellen was stunned by the sudden change in her surroundings.

"Are you awake?"

"Ellen......."

A moment ago, they were in the garrison, and Ellen could see the ceiling in front of her.

The marquee should be visible, but it's not.

It was inside a building.

"Hello, is this....... Here......?"

Ellen opened her eyes, not to the tents of the garrison, but to a familiar ceiling.

At the last second, Cliffman was right in front of me.

But now, on either side of her were Emperor Bertus and Savior Tana, and Ellen was lying in bed.

"Why would I....... temple to......?"

I closed my eyes and opened them, and suddenly it was like I'd skipped forward in time.

Ellen knows what the ceiling is in front of her.

This was the recovery room in the Temple Royal class dormitory.

I closed and opened my eyes, but I was out cold for quite a while.

Ellen stared at the ceiling, wide-eyed and dazed.

"Why would I....... Why would I....... here......?"

At Ellen's question, Bertus and Tana couldn't help but give her a wistful glance.



* * *



Ellen told Bertus that she had been out cold for about four hours.

Ellen fainted in front of Kliffman.

After being taken to the garrison barracks, Bertus and Saviolin Tana received Ellen's recruits and were transported to the ecliptic via mass teleport.

Her mind was as heavy as a soaked cotton ball, but her body was fine, and Ellen was soon out of bed.

Royal Class Dormitory Recovery Room.

Ellen, along with Reinhardt, would frequent the place.

But now that most of the students and teachers had left, the entire dormitory was empty, including the recovery room in the Royal Class dormitory.

Of course, the remaining non-combatants were still in the dorms, and the dorms were being managed by minimal users.

But the Royal Class dormitory, where the students had all but disappeared, retained its splendor, but had a bit of a bitchy vibe.

It's a lot of space, but it's all empty.

The atmosphere is quite different, but the Royal Class dormitory had a similarly somber vibe to the castle of Epirus.

This is what happens when a person disappears.

Take a moment to feel that strange, chilling sensation.

"But....... Why did you bring me here?"

Ellen asked.

He closed his eyes and opened them, shocked at how much time had suddenly passed, but also wondering why he'd brought himself to the dorm in the first place.

"I'm here to see Detomorian B-8."

Detomorian.

Talent is a spell.

Ellen seemed to have some idea of what Bertus was thinking.





