Episode 516.





The only attendant Bertus brought with him on his return to the ecliptic was Saviolin Tana.

The more people who know about Ellen's condition, the better.

Detomorian was in a clubhouse, not a dorm.

Department of Occult Studies.

A club created to study witchcraft, with Detomorian as the sole member and president.

Ellen, not to mention Bertus, hadn't been too close to the Dettomorians in the first place, so this was the first time she'd heard of the occult research department that the Dettomorians had created.

Unsurprisingly, the circles aren't exactly rolling right now.

So with the entire temple nearly empty, it's hard to imagine that there would be any extracurricular activities, and the area with the highest concentration of extracurricular buildings was even more deserted than the rest of the temple.

As soon as Bertus, Ellen, and Tana reached that part of the Temple, he felt a sinking feeling.

"......."

Is this right?

Is it really possible to see the possibilities in this?

While they didn't have the cooperation of the Five Great Houses, the forces of the Devil, who were sure to be with Olivia Ranze, didn't have an answer with divine power either.

Even the continent's greatest archmages had no answers.

And only one student.

Is it right to bring Ellen here because she uses some mysterious power called witchcraft?

Standing in the desolate landscape of the frat house area, Bertus was reminded of how unrealistic his expectations were.

But it's a step forward.

If it's impossible to solve, it's probably worthwhile just to know that it's impossible.

"Let's go."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Bertus followed, with Tana helping Ellen, who stumbled occasionally and couldn't quite keep her balance.



* * *



"I don't have ......?"

Inside the Department of Occult Studies.

Bertus looked at the empty Occult Studies clubhouse and shook his head.

The blackout curtains were drawn, so the room was dark, even in broad daylight. But there was no sign of the Detomorian.

"And what's so dark?"

Bertus approached the curtain to check out the frat house.

"Don't touch it."

Bertus moves toward the curtain, but Ellen stops him.

"If you mess with it, you're going to get....... I don't think so."

"......Yes, Your Majesty."

It's hard to see in the dark, but the interior of the Occult Studies Department is littered with strange idols, just as Mustang had reported.

We don't know if it's just lying there or if it's installed. But Ellen knew that nothing in this room should be tampered with.

No one here knows much about witchcraft, but whatever it is, you don't want to mess with it.

"These are....... What the hell are they?"

Once his eyes adjusted to the darkness, Bertus couldn't help but marvel at the strange sculptures and extinguished candles inside the circle room, as well as the bizarre coven of shamans and unidentifiable traces of research.

If he wasn't a Temple student, the sight alone would have gotten him arrested for studying sinister black magic.

"But where is it?"

Detomorian says he heads to the frat house building every day, but he's not in the frat house.

I wonder if he went for a late lunch.

"Underground."

Ellen says.

"I think it's underground."

"......?"

Ellen's words made Tana and Bertus wonder.

But Ellen was only saying that with out-of-focus eyes, like she was feeling something.



* * *



Just as the upper floors of a fraternity house are unused, so is the basement.

The basement was often used to store equipment for clubs.

At Ellen's uncanny assurance, the three of them went down to the basement of the clubhouse.

-Clunk! Clunk!

"It's locked."

The large door to the basement is completely locked.

"Looks like ...... is locked from the inside."

If the lock is on the outside and you can't get in, it means it's locked from the inside.

"I think they closed it down......."

It could be that the building is unused and the door to the basement is locked.

But Bertus had a strange feeling.

"Well, let's get in there."

With a single swipe of the auror blade protruding from the tip of her index finger, Tana pried the locked door open with a partial slash through the door.

Upon reaching the ground floor, Bertus couldn't help but frown at the state of affairs in the basement, whatever the basis of Ellen's uncanny confidence.

"This is....... what the hell is this?"

Upon entering the basement level, Bertus and Tana couldn't help but feel the hairs on the back of their necks stand up as they saw the strange symbols painted on the hallways and ceilings.

Strange symbols and zines were drawn on the hallways and ceilings, as if the entire space had been written in magic circles.

"Something....... there."

We don't know what it does, but it's clear from Ellen's words that it has something to do with witchcraft, and that the Detomorians are doing something in the basement with the door locked.

Bertus, Tana, and Ellen descended into the basement, careful not to step on or touch the spell circle, in case it had any effect.

The basement was designed to be two stories.

Both the first and second floors were covered with unidentified shamans and symbols.

Bertus stared at them and grunted.

"We didn't build this overnight......."

"It looks like......."

The clubhouse had been unused for quite some time. It was almost certain that the Dettomorians had been drawing and setting up this circle in the basement of the clubhouse, locked away, for a very long time, even before the formation of a large army.

Ominous, ominous, ominous, and it sent a shiver down Bertus's spine, even though he had no idea what the coven meant.

The three soon found the Dettomorian.

A large warehouse in the innermost part of the second floor of the basement.

In the darkened basement, through the open door of a large warehouse, the three could see numerous candles lit.

Hundreds of large candles were strewn about in disarray, their melted wax dripping onto the warehouse floor.

And in the center of those countless seconds, the Detomorian sat still.

In the light of the candles, Bertus could see idols made of bones and numerous shamanic circles painted in blood.

As if aware of the visitors, the Detomorian slowly raises its head and looks at the three standing in the hallway.

"What......."

Bertus looks at the Dettomorian, who sits still, as still as if at the epicenter of an unholy ritual.

"What are you doing here......?"

If it doesn't mean anything, I'm afraid to have it.

I'm afraid that if it means anything, the implications of this mega-shaman are not auspicious.

Bertus exclaims with a narrowed brow.

"What are you doing!"

Always a dark complexioned boy.

Detomorian.

The boy watches them in the dim light of the candles.

Bertus asks the shaman boy sitting among the candles, feeling his hair stand on end.

"Wishes."

Dettomorian says.

"I'm wishing for 'peace'."

In a place that doesn't seem to have anything to do with peace.

Detomorian said he is praying for peace.



* * *



The explanation from the Dettomorian, who was performing some sort of ominous summoning ritual, was simple.

Wishing you peace.

It still looks ominous, it's still suspicious, but Bertus doesn't know witchcraft.

So we don't know what this ominous-looking ritual actually does.

As such, they cannot be punished or interrogated.

You won't be able to tell if a Detomorian is lying or telling the truth.

"You can come in......."

Detomorian said to Bertus, who was hesitating outside the warehouse.

Passing through the candlelight, Tana, Ellen, and Bertus approached Dettomorian.

The warehouse was filled with blood-red glyphs.

Is this how you wish for peace?

Does that work?

Bertus doesn't know.

"Is there such a thing as an origin....... What is it?"

"I don't know."

"......?"

Bertus was dumbfounded by the absurdity of it all.

"I don't....... I don't know."

Detomorian stared at the dying candle.

"Just....... and do what you can."

"......."

"I can't fight, because that's all I know how to do......."

Detomorian stares up at Bertus, his complexion grim.

"So, that's why we're doing this."

The shaman is performing a ritual that even he doesn't recognize.

"Just....... I'm praying, right?"

"That's right......."

Many a helpless man has prayed to the heavens and projected his hopes on a hero.

You're just doing a ritual that may be a meaningless prayer.

"Do you think something like....... will work?"

Bertus looks around the warehouse and stares at the Detomorian in disbelief.

"Maybe not......."

The Detomorian holds a large, half-melted candle in the palm of his hand.

"But....... might be there."

Detomorian stared into the flickering flame of the candle.

Bertus felt his breath catch in his throat at the slowness of the Dettomorian's actions.

In other words, it might not mean anything at all.

"You....... since when do you do this shit?"

"Continue to......."

Muttering strange, unintelligible words.

Bowing and dancing to strange idols.

No matter where he is or what he is doing, Detomorian continues to pray for peace.

For a long, long time after the Gate debacle.

Unable to fight, the Dettomorian continued to raise me up to some unknown power.

Ever since the Gate debacle.

For over two years.

How is this any different from the prayers of ordinary people, only on a different scale.

Bertus didn't know whether to feel small or great when he heard Dettomorian say that he kept praying because it was all he could do.

It might not work, but it might.

But Bertus takes note of the Dettomorian's words.

Not revenge or destruction, but peace.

The Detomorian's words of peace are stuck in my head.

Detomorian's profile has already been passed to Mustang.

From a primitive tribe in the north.

In a world where the fields and plains are filled with monsters, it's likely that the Detomorian homeland is long gone.

The Dettomorian doesn't know the truth, so he can't help but wish for the Demon's death in revenge.

Nevertheless, Detomorian prayed for peace, not revenge.

"So....... your origin was successful. Assuming that makes sense, in what way does peace....... be achieved?"

At Bertus's question, Detomorian shakes his head.

"I don't know."

Detomorian puts down the candle he was holding.

"If peace is not achieved....... my origin will have failed......."

"......."

"If peace is achieved....... my prayers will have been successful......."

This is a consequentialist thought.

"Of course, regardless of the success or failure of my prayers....... peace may come, but......."

Detomorian shakes his head, as if he knows without being pointed out.

"Then....... just because it's a good thing......."

So I kept praying for peace, Dettomorian adds.

"Because adding the possibility of hope....... can't be a bad thing......."

Detomorphic origins can fail or succeed.

Or maybe it didn't mean anything at all.

But at the end of the day, if there's even the slightest bit of promise in the origin itself, there's no reason not to try it.

So I kept praying for peace.

In the basement of an off-the-beaten-path, now-abandoned building.

Strange glyphs, shamanic circles, and idols are set up, bowed to, and endless rituals continue.

As Bertus looked at the Dettomorian, he felt a certain sublimity that he couldn't quite place.

Just as Bertus cannot read the meaning of the shaman's words, he cannot see the value of the Dettomorian's ritual.

But I was convinced that it wasn't something to ignore.

"So....... Why are you here......?"

Bertus suddenly realizes that Dettomorian is speaking to him as an emperor.

Ellen's case is special, but the other students no longer consider Bertus a friend.

Detomorian, however, did not seem to have much reverence or fear for Bertus, who had become emperor.

This shaman only acts and moves with his own set of principles and values.

In keeping with its values and principles, it was praying for peace.

"There's something I need you to help me with."

Bertus still doesn't believe in witchcraft.

However, Dettomorian decided he could trust them.



* * *



Bertus talked about Ellen's condition.

So many spirits have taken up residence in Ellen's body that her sense of self may be lost.

How to get rid of it or make it go away, or how to make Ellen not go away.

"......."

Detomorian looks at Ellen, who is sitting in front of him.

Ellen was straining her eyes, desperately trying to stay awake. But as if it were too much, her eyes were temporarily blurring and then clearing.

As if it's falling apart in real time.

The Dettomorian examines Ellen's complexion.

Warrior, Ellen Artorius.

They never had a chance to talk when Temple was running properly.

Just as Ellen is a stranger to the Dettomorian, the Dettomorian is a stranger to Ellen.

What peace is.

The Detomorian attempts to create that peace through origins, but doesn't actually carry it.

But Ellen was actually carrying quite a bit of the weight of that peace.

"I don't have the skills to touch 'this'."

Dettomorian looked at Ellen and concluded, all too hollowly.

No way.

The despair on the faces of Bertus and Saviorin Tana was palpable as they turned and listened.

Detomorian gets up from his seat and walks away.

Rummaging through his leather backpack, the Detomorian retrieves a small piece of bone.

The Detomorian takes a carving knife of some sort and slowly begins to chip away at the bones.

As you chisel, polish, and grind.

For hours, the Dettomorian carves a symbol of something.

Bertus, Tana, and Ellen.

I watched the Detomorian for a long, long time.

When the Detomorian has finally carved the symbol from a piece of bone, he pierces a groove in it and hangs it on a leash.

Detomorian hands Ellen the finished, crudely shaped necklace.

The moon drawn in the sun.

It was a symbol of that.

Although he says he can't touch such a thing, Detomorian makes Ellen something.

It's just a small symbol, made without much ceremony.

"Is this....... protect me......?"

Ellen asks, staring down at the necklace in her palm.

"Anyone can originate from ......."

The Dettomorian originated with a large circle of shamans, but the truth is that prayer can be done by anyone.

Aside from the authenticity of whether or not it really works.

"Just as I wish you peace......."

Just as the Dettomorian wishes for peace.

Like hoping and praying for something to add to your possibilities, even though you don't have the power to change the world.

"You, too, can....... that you don't disappear."

Ellen can pray that she doesn't disappear.

It's a world where if you believe in something, someone will lend you their support.

Ellen was chosen by two gods, the gods of the moon and the sun.

May you be protected by a greater power, not a shaman like yourself.

Detomorian carves a symbol of a being that can lend Ellen strength and gives it to her.

"May this be a milestone in your soul......."

He promises to pray for Ellen as well.

"May the sun and moon be with you.

Ellen remembers something her mother once told her.

Moon and sun.

Gingerly grasping the symbol, carved from the bones of something.

"Thanks......."

Ellen put the amulet the shaman had given her around her neck.



* * *



After taking the amulet from Detomorian, Bertus, Ellen, and Saviolin Tana left the temple.

Ellen and Tana must return to the garrison.

And Bertus wasn't done yet, so he'd be in the garrison for a few more days.

"Will it work....... ?"

Since we don't know if the witchcraft really works or not, we may have just wasted our time.

We don't know what kind of power Detomorian really has.

I don't know if they have powers or not.

Magic proves its existence by being magic.

Divine Power also proves its existence as it summons the power of the gods.

But the three of them hadn't seen the true nature of witchcraft.

We don't even know if it really works. If praying for peace brings peace, why do we need all the material things?

It's so hard and hopeless, I wonder if I'm just making it up as I go along.

There was a man called the Emperor, a knight called the First International Sword, and a warrior called the Hope of Mankind.

The very idea of relying on the uncertainty of witchcraft is terrifying.

Although he had spoken to the Dettomorian and received an amulet as if possessed, Bertus left the temple wondering what he had done.

This is not going to protect Ellen.

I couldn't help but think about it, and I almost felt bad for leaving the battlefield and bringing Ellen to the temple.

"It might not work."

But Ellen walks on, clutching that shallow symbol around her neck.

"But, just in case."

Detomorian was praying that peace might not come, but that it might.

Maybe the amulet can protect Ellen.

But I might be able to keep it.

"I guess it can't hurt to have something like this."

Just in case there's any chance at all.

As the Dettomorian says, Ellen will believe.

If you pray for this as a signpost for your soul, if you believe in it.

that I may not go away.

If believing that is enough to keep you from falling apart, then the talisman is already working.

Ellen believes.

So it was clear that Ellen was feeling a bit of clarity in her clouded consciousness.





