Episode 518.





Every monster is different.

Some are symmetrical, like a proper living organism, while others are more indescribable.

Some need to eat to survive, others don't.

Some are resistant to cold, others to extreme heat.

Some are so resistant to magic that they can't be killed by it, while others won't even listen to most weapons.

We're not trying to kill all those monsters.

It's slicing.

It's a way to exterminate those who can't stand the cold.

Cold isn't the only thing you can use.

Of course, a very hot climate, like the middle of a parched desert, could dry them out and kill them.

Riana causes climate change over a large area, primarily reducing the number of monsters.

Maybe forty below zero.

Add a blizzard to the mix, and the temperature will be even colder.

And it's not just the monsters that have to endure the cold, we do too.

While Riana used her abilities, we sold our shelter and used Herriot's magic to keep warm.

-Off!

The screams of monsters howling in the cold echoed in all directions.

No monsters approached the shelter Herriot had built.

We spend our days in safe spaces, waiting for a blizzard to freeze the monsters to death.

"Aren't you going to freak out when the Allies come?"

Olivia smirked, hugging the light that Herriot had summoned.

Outside, it was freezing cold enough to freeze my tongue if I tried to spit, but inside the shelter it was warm.

"Well....... I wonder if the snow will be all melted by the time we get here."

"Hmm, do you think so?"

At Airi's comment, Olivia tilted her head in disbelief.

The Allies are aware of our presence anyway.

If we can destroy the gates of a small city on our own, we'll do it, but we don't want to overdo it.

"Everyone go to bed, if the monsters find this place anyway, the alarm will wake them up."

At Riana's words, we were all ready to sleep in the tunnels.

Airi will help us fall asleep. Not being able to fall asleep in an unfamiliar bed is a surefire way to get out of shape.

Airy also has a role.

Riana's powers are extensive, but so is Airi's.

I will put the monsters that should be asleep, into a sleep from which they cannot awaken.

You die in the cold, swallowed by a suma from which you cannot awaken.

How many monsters will walk the earth alive tomorrow morning?

And more importantly.

"Bali."

"......."

Airi puts her hand on my forehead.

Time to dream about Ellen killing me.

I can't even count how many times I've died so far.

There is one thing I can count on.

Yet, it hasn't won once.



* * *



The dreams I have with Airi's help include shadow boxing and more specific image training, which I always lose.

No, you don't lose, you get killed.

Maybe I fell asleep during a blizzard.

In my dream, I could see Ellen in a snowstorm blowing across the frozen landscape.

-Heeeeeeeee!

Ellen looks at me, her dark hair fluttering in the blizzard.

In dream battles, there's always something that happens.

Ellen stares at me for about three seconds.

It's just a mental image I've created that has nothing to do with the real Ellen.

Ellen's hair blowing wildly in a blizzard and her calm expression.

And the unfocused eye.

It never says anything to me, and it always tries to kill me.

I wonder if Ellen's situation isn't so different now.

Or maybe it's hanging on somehow.

As long as I'm aiding the Allied advance, I may run into Ellen at some point.

I wonder if Ellen was the same person then as she is now.

-Woof!

The snow around her explodes as she takes a step forward, and through the wave of snow, Ellen leaps at me.

-Ka-ching!

Strike Ellen's sword with Alsbringer.

I'm afraid to look at the real Ellen.

With the same eyes you have now, with the same demeanor you have now.

I think they would kill me without hesitation.

I'm not afraid of death.

I was afraid of those eyes.

-Bang! Kakang! thump!

A blizzard of shockwaves from the exchange of swordfire.

I'm afraid to face Ellen.

Nevertheless, what you need to do is the same.

Real life Ellen may or may not look like this.

I.

I'll get you back.

At all costs.



* * *



The next day.

The overnight blizzard had left a huge pile of snow at the entrance to the shelter, so Olivia and I cleared a path through the snow to get outside.

-POOF!

"Ugh....... That's not something I'd do often."

"So be it......."

After a moment of grumbling, Olivia and I, as well as the three who followed us, were speechless at the sight before us.

The blizzard had already stopped.

Even Riana herself, who created this situation.

The whole world had turned white.

Literally, all I could see was snow, snow, and more snow.

It was as if the snow had consumed everything in the world. Not a blade of grass, not a tree in sight.

Of course, there were monsters roaming the snow-covered ground.

Large, medium, and small.

Clearly, there were monsters out there that could withstand the frigid temperatures.

"The monsters are almost....... dead......."

However, the number of monsters that had been swarming like bugs had already been drastically reduced.

"It's more than a little effective."

But anything more than that is welcome.

What could only be accomplished after a massive killing spree with an army, a one-night blizzard could do.

Only Liana de Granz in the whole world could do that.

Now that the monsters have been drastically reduced in number, we can destroy the warp gate.

"Umm....... But you know what?"

Olivia shakes her head and points to the ground, where snow has covered everything.

"Warp gate, where is it?"

"......."

"......."

Definitely.

With everything covered in snow, we couldn't even see where the warp gate was.



* * *



Since the monsters kept coming out of the warp gate, we could only assume that the place where they were spawning was near the gate.

Riana wanted to use her powers to melt the accumulated snow, but I restrained her.

I don't want to do myself any favors by taking depressants.

From the blizzard-covered ground, we could learn more about the unexpected effects of climate change.

Most of the flying monsters crashed and died. Their wings snapped and they crashed because it was impossible to fly in that wild blizzard.

Monsters who couldn't stand the cold froze to death.

So far, so good.

But many of them were crushed under the accumulating snow.

A small town on the Riseln border.

It was up to me to figure out where the small warp gates were and break them down myself.

With a direct hit on the source of the monsters, the Allies should be able to get here quickly, as long as they take care of the wandering monsters.

Even without a change in the weather, I was able to melt the snow with the flames of my fire, and we were able to make our way through, but the surviving monsters were buried in the snow.

I hope it dies of its own accord.

"I broke the gate, but......."

In the darkness of the snow, we were able to accomplish more than we set out to do.

Not to reduce the number of monsters, but because I was able to destroy one warp gate, albeit a small one.

"Is this thing going to melt until the Allies arrive......?"

It's still warm out, so the snow should be melting quickly.

We had to come up with something pretty crazy.



* * *



The speed of the Allied advance can only go so far.

So, having succeeded in neutralizing the warp gate of one small city, we've exceeded what we set out to do.

The Allies are still quite a ways away from us, and it would be pointless to clean up a spot so far ahead. If we clean up the monsters now, they'll be burning again by the time the Allies arrive.

So we just need to time it right and clear a spot where we know the Allies will be arriving some time later, at the right distance, ahead of the Allied advance party.

So we didn't have much to do for the time being, other than keep an eye on Allied movements and see how each Lord Vampire unit was doing.

"I think I can stay back in Edina."

Herriot said.

Around Herriot's neck is a necklace.

A bluish cuboid in the shape of a rectangle, a fairly heavy necklace with eight of them in a row.

Power cartridges.

It's Adelia's invention, but of course you can make a Heriot.

As far as I know, Adelia is constantly improving their power cartridges. Not only in terms of performance and horsepower charge, but also in terms of changing the material itself so that it can be mass produced.

I've also heard that they've created a new type of super-sized power cartridge called an arc crystal.

Absorbing Kaier's magic and using it for Redina.

I thought it was a fun idea.

Just as Adelia made her own modifications to the power cartridge, so did Herriot.

Whereas Adelia modified the Power Cartridge for the benefit of others, Herriot modified the Power Cartridge for her own benefit.

Eight power cartridges.

Auto-rechargeable.

When you use all of your mana, you recharge by absorbing mana from your surroundings.

Whereas Adelia's focus was on improving the power cartridge so that it could be mass-produced, Herriot created a unique power cartridge.

The materials, the design, and the power cartridges that I've been making in my spare time are by Herriot, but those eight are the only ones.

Because it's meant to be used when it matters most, and because there's a risk of it breaking if you play around with it, Herriot has been sitting on the shelf, unused, until now.

Herriot's horsepower isn't lacking, but it's far below that of his Archmage counterparts, the Lord Vampires.

So even though I understood the magic, I couldn't use it.

Eight self-recharging power cartridges make up for that lack of horsepower.

Soon.

The reason we don't have a Road Vampire, Edina's greatest power, is because Heriot can fill that role perfectly now.

It can be used for mass teleportation as well as teleportation levels.

Kudos to Herriot for creating a unique power cartridge that recharges itself, and kudos to Adelia for modifying it so it can be mass-produced with inferior materials.

Both would be great. After all, they're both just building things that the situation calls for.

Anyway, we can go back to Edina for now.

The troops led by each of the Lord Vampires have also been told to never overextend themselves, so if it looks like they're going to take damage, they'll consider retreating first.

I've told them that as long as they're operating separately, their judgment is the most important thing, and they'll figure it out without me looking at their status.

"Hmm......."

We're sitting in a snowdrift, eating preserves.

There's no point in clearing the way before the Allies get here.

You can return to Edina.

But there's not much to go back and do.

"Ashur....... That guy....... was dead, right?"

At my words, Harriet, Riana, and Olivia's complexions turned sour.

Ashar was a classmate of ours, and from Olivia's perspective, they had met in the religious club Grace.

B-4 Ashur.

Divine Power Talent.

We're not that close, we've only talked a few times.

Someone dies.

People have been dying since Gate, and as the fighting escalates, it's inevitable that more will die.

Isn't this what we do to minimize that inevitable death?

In the original, the main character, Ludwig, dies at the end.

Naturally, classmates are also dying. Saviolin Tana dies, so of course there are deaths among the students.

Some people make it to the end, like Ellen and Herriot and Delphine and Scarlett.

However, the situation is different from the original.

Too different.

Ashar wasn't meant to die.

The future is different, the fight is different, and people who shouldn't have died are starting to die.

Guys who die in the original may survive.

Conversely, in the original story, the survivors may die.

Ashir's death signaled that this was beginning to happen.

It doesn't just happen in hard, brutal fights. People can die in ways that are more like accidents.

Those deaths.

You can't save everyone, but you can save your classmates.

If there's a way to give them a break from death, I think we should do it.

You never know who will die in a fight.

Reducing the size of the fight they have to go through, reducing the monster, is the only thing we can do now.

You can't do much more for the guys who die in the fight.

However, there are other ways to die.

Because of the changes to the original, life and death in a fight is unpredictable and can only be prevented.

But some things haven't changed from the original.

Politics.

Death by politics will happen on schedule.

As long as the people involved in politics are alive, so are the dynamics involved in politics.

The knowledge that comes from the reorganization of power will be the same.

As long as their humanity is intact, politics will cause them to want to kill someone.

The fights are unpredictable, but the political relationships remain the same.

"Heinrich, I remember."

Harriet and Riana nod at my words.

Heinrich von Schwarz.

You are a Pyrokineticist.

The Prince of Cernstadt.

A prince who had no influence, but can only grow stronger.

"He's about to be killed."

Killing, not fighting.

Riana and Herriot's eyes widened at that.





