Episode 520.





Among Temple garrisons, the entrance to the Royal Class garrison is guarded by guards drawn from the Temple.

Of course, only a select few are allowed to take on this role. Not only are the Royal Class students' individual strengths important, but the famous warrior Ellen Artorius is in residence here.

It's not just a bunch of dudes, but dignitaries and celebrities from all over the world. Ellen's fame is indescribable.

So, starting with the bullshit about not knowing who I am and ending with those who would yell at the guards if I tried to bring Ellen over, the Royal Class garrison gatekeepers are made up of people who can ignore such rude high-level bullshit without snorting.

As such, the garrison is off-limits to all but designated personnel, and the penalties for attempting to sneak in, or being caught doing so, rise to the level of an Imperial Emperor.

Of course, that doesn't mean they've gone away.

Such an access control situation.

Absolutely no access except for designated 'people'.

The only thing under control is people.

"......?"

The gatekeepers, who were scanning their surroundings in anticipation of the usual rambling and clueless dignitaries, widened their eyes when they saw a cat stalking toward the entrance of the garrison.

"Cat......?"

"What kind of cat is that?"

"Really?"

There's one on foot.

But in the mouth of the walking black cat was an equally black little kitten, dangling by the nape of its neck with a bite.

-Angel

The cat that had been bitten by its mother was letting out a pitiful cry.

A black cat strolls into the Royal Class garrison, unperturbed by the gatekeepers.

"That's interesting....... I've seen dogs, but cats? Did they get mixed in with the supplies?"

"No way."

Since cats are not subject to access control, the gatekeepers could only stare at the back of the black kitten.

Soon, the guards could see a grotesque figure.

The mother cat strutted into the Royal Class garrison with her kitten in tow, carefully setting the kitten down in the middle of the busy base.

Then, with a burst of speed, it blazed through the Royal Class base barrier and disappeared.

-Cat!

The guards stare at the baby black cat lying on the dirt with a blank expression.

"......This or that?"

"...... I think so?"

Sarkeghar abandoned Reinhardt.



* * *



-Cat!

The kitten's voice just sounds like a cry for help from a small animal.

It's like, "Hey, don't throw it away like this!" but who's going to understand?

Naturally, the cry of a small animal suddenly appearing in such a place was bound to attract attention.

"......What is this, a cat?"

And the first one to spot the cat was Kono Lint, a teleportation powerhouse.

Naturally, many people heard the cat's cry and began to gather in droves.

Except for those who are off base on a mission, everyone flocks to the cries of a small beast they don't recognize but know.

Adelia, Christina, and Louis Ankton, who were conducting research in the garrison, including Kono Lindt.

And the other students in the royal class were bound to come. It's not just the sophomores who are here, it's the existing seniors and juniors as well.

Surely a beast, or at least a cub, is not to be seen in a place like this.

"How did the cat get here?"

"Some places have dogs, but that doesn't mean they can't have cats."

"I saw a big cat that looked like that run away earlier, did he abandon it?"

"Oh my God. I feel so sorry for you......."

"How cute is this?"

"Who actually raised you?"

"You had a mother."

-Cat!

Of course, my original plan was to transform into a cat and sneak around the garrison, picking up stories and spying, but I never figured out the controls and was forced to be a spectator.

Kono Lint, the original discoverer, grabbed a purring kitten by the scruff of the neck.

"Hey, hey, hey, watch out!"

"No, not that......."

Picking up the small beast quickly, Kono Lint shook his head at the sight of the black kitten.

"Hey, do you think you're sick?"

-Burrrr

The black cat, hobbling around on all fours, looked pretty bad.

-Cat!

Of course, no one understood that it was screaming, "Put me down, you son of a bitch.



* * *



The poor kitten, abandoned by its mother, was taken to a restaurant marquee.

It's not because you're cold, it's not because you're floating, and it's not because you can't get up on all fours.

It's not because I'm cold, so a blanket won't stop me from shaking, and it's not because I'm sick, so I won't magically be able to control my limbs.

"You must be in a lot of pain."

"Why wouldn't it be better?"

"So cute......."

Naturally, a corner of the large dining hall marquee was packed with students.

The grim and gritty world of war is a far cry from the euphoria of seeing something cute.

Therefore, all the students crowded around to see this poor but precious guest who had suddenly appeared.

I put a plate of milk from the cafeteria in front of her, hoping she was hungry, but she just shivered and couldn't bring herself to take a bite.

"Right!"

Kono Lindt, who was watching, clapped his hands.

"Maybe he's stressed because people are looking at him so much."

Everyone in the room nodded at Kono Lint's words.

Stress is everyone's enemy, and for a little beast like this, it's a big, potentially life-threatening enemy. We all knew that intuitively, even if we didn't realize it.

"Let's leave it alone for now."

A bunch of psychics and superhumans, all of whom have a finger in every pie, united around a kitten.

The black kitten watched, shivering, as they swarmed and then scattered.



* * *



It didn't take long for the smallest of news to spread: a kitten had suddenly appeared in the garrison.

So, once the curiosity got the better of them, there was no shortage of students coming to the restaurant.

Of course, not everyone was interested.

"......That's interesting."

Redina shook her head, but paid no attention, as if she had better things to do.

It was rare, but not unheard of, to find a surviving beast, and Redina's shoulders heaved at the thought of such a thing.

Of course, most of them paid at least a little attention.

The battlefield was just too crowded.

Like soldiers with their dogs, Royal Class students wanted to see a little bit of that little animal in the emotional desert of the battlefield.

Among them was Adriana, a Temple dropout who eventually ended up in the Royal Class.

"Are you sick......?"

-Angel

Adriana carefully approached the kitten and cast a healing spell on it, just as the other Faith majors had done.

"......Since Adriana's doing it, it seems to be working, right?"

The black cat, which had been shivering like a dead man walking, stirred and lifted its head, rubbing its head against Adriana's fingers.

"How did he get here....... Poor thing."

Adriana smiled sadly at the little cat rubbing its head against her fingers.

I can't tell if it's a bond or what, but it's clear that the kitten likes Adriana a lot.

Adriana petted the cat for a while, until she was called to duty and hurried out of the restaurant's tent.

"Oops, I thought I was here to eat......."

Eventually, Adriana was distracted by the cat and had to go on a mission on an empty stomach.



* * *



We don't know if Adriana's healing magic worked or not, but the kitten gradually regained her strength as many students dropped by and tended to her.

Of course, that's not what happened, but it certainly looked that way to onlookers.

The tremors began to subside, and I began to move my limbs that hadn't been moving properly.

Eventually, after shivering in his blanket, he managed to get up on all fours.

"Look at that, he's standing up."

The students, who were afraid of startling the cat, watched with bated breath as if they were witnessing the miracle of the century.

Many of the students watched as the cat moved carefully, step by step, as if for the first time.

The kitten began to walk in circles, staying still within a certain range around the blanket. As if it were practicing something.

Despite Kono Lint's warnings not to bother, everyone was unusually excited about the arrival of this strange guest.

"And the mother cat abandoned him?"

"That's right."

Adelia and Christina stood by the kitten, who had just begun to walk, and gawked at the scene.

"Are you hungry? Eat this."

Christina held out the milk dish, and the kitten didn't even pretend to see it.

It's a full stomach.

Milk is not a common food in this situation.

"Are you hungry?"

You're hungry and you don't want to leave Malgo and eat like an animal, but who knows.

The kittens would occasionally squeak, spin in place, suddenly jump up on a pole, flail their front paws, and do other bizarre things.

It's like trying to check the function of your body.



* * *



As night fell, those who had gone out on missions began to return one by one, unless they were on long-term assignments. Naturally, word of the cat spread, and many people came to the restaurant to watch the cat.

You thought you were on a stealthy reconnaissance mission, but your body didn't cooperate and you ended up making them find you, but you still accomplished your mission.

"Cat......?"

When Ludwig was told there was a kitten in a crowd, he shook his head once and went back to his dinner.

"......That's weird."

It's certainly strange to have kittens in a place like this.

Ludwig paid no attention to the rest of his remarks.

Klippmann saw the group of people, but he didn't seem to be curious, so he sat down alone and began to eat.

The black kitten watched the crowd for a moment longer than he would have liked.

"......."

Scarlett squatted in front of the kitten, frowning as she debated whether or not to offer her hand.

"If it's just a little bit....... can I touch it?"

Scarlett asked Anna de Gerna, who was standing next to her, cautiously, as if to ask for permission.

"Wouldn't that be okay......?"

As if emboldened by Anna's words, Scarlett cautiously reached out to the cat and succeeded in petting it once, albeit cautiously.

The cat allowed Scarlett's touch, though not as much as she did with Adriana.

"You're so cute......."

Scarlett, who doesn't tend to react strongly, was stomping her feet.

And when Anna reached out with a wicked grin after seeing that Scarlett had successfully petted her once, the kitten slowly backed away, as if some kind of trauma switch had been triggered, much to Anna's chagrin.

Only the cat knows what's going on.

If the original kitten had really been a kitten, it might have been a problem for it to ride on so many people's hands, but since it wasn't really a kitten and wasn't really a cat, it didn't matter.

Of course, the cat, tired of all the attention, sat between the blankets, watching the people come and go.

"Shouldn't we give it a name?"

Kono Lint, the original discoverer, casually mentioned it to a group of students.

As if you've already decided to keep this cat in the Royal Class Garrison.

"Right, we need a name."

Delphine nodded vigorously in agreement with Kono Lint's statement.

Konorint wasn't the only one who had already decided to keep a cat that hadn't even been around for a day.

"How about black?"

"......."

"......."

"......."

"Gu, is it gross......?"

As everyone watched in silence, Kono Lint broke out in a cold sweat.

"It's too lush before it goes bad."

"Oh, I see......."

Scarlett, who is very rarely a harsh talker, has said enough.

"I know."

As he watched, Erich de Lapaeri spoke up.

His eyes narrowed at the words.

"Give it a bad name and it will live long. Let's call it dog poop."

-Ahoy!

"I don't think so."

"Right."

"Do I understand what you're saying?"

"And if it's not a dog, what kind of dog poop is it?"

"I hear this is how you live longer......."

"Shut up."

"ugh......."

Erich's opinions were drowned out by the indiscriminate dismissals here and there.

"How's Lily?"

Christina's rather cute name got a few oohs and aahs.

-Hello!

But the black cat didn't like either the dog poop or the lily.

Of course, I don't think they understood what I was saying, they just thought it was good timing.

Lily.

"Hmmm....... Lily....... Lily......."

With that, Kono Lint crossed his arms and began to ponder.

"Wait a minute."

Lint walked up to the cat, who was sitting quietly, and grabbed one of its hind legs.

"Is this a male?"

-Haahhhh!

Before you know it, the kitten is able to grind its teeth.



* * *



Many hands make light work of a ship.

However, too much of a good thing is a bad thing.

Now, the Royal Class was a ship that was going nowhere because it had too many men.

With so many possible cat names, it's easy for a cat to end up with a name that sounds like this and a name that sounds like that, and then nothing.

After all, what was a small beast to say, the interior of the Royal Class garrison was strangely cheerful, beyond much gloom and despair.

Maybe it doesn't take much hope to quell despair.

The little things.

Keeping those little things.

Maybe there's hope in seeing the little things that still remain.

In the midst of this strange excitement, students have mixed feelings.

The more important missions take place farther away from the garrison, which is why Ellen Artorius returned to the garrison quite late.

Naturally, the rumors of the cat's sudden appearance were bound to get around to Ellen, who arrived for a late dinner.

Everyone was vaguely aware that Ellen had been suffering from fatigue lately.

So, as if everyone had found some measure of comfort, if not consolation, in the little kitten's presence, Ellen finished her meal in a daze, and was led by the other students to stand in front of the kitten.

"Some mother cat must have come and abandoned it today."

"I wonder if they wanted us to raise them?"

"What do you think, is it cute?"

"......."

Ellen looks at the small animal in front of her through blurry eyes.

Cat.

Ellen couldn't hear people talking, or even the small animals in front of her.

It became distant and blurry, and I felt like it was all going to disappear.

The cat raises its head when Ellen appears and looks exactly at her.

As if you want to verify something.

Ellen squats carefully, as if mesmerized, and places her hand under the cat's chin.

"Uh, lick."

The onlookers watched as the little cat licked Ellen's hand.

The unfamiliar sensation of her hand being licked seemed to bring some of her clouded mind back.

"......."

Constantly.

A cat constantly licks its own fingers.

Ellen felt as if the small gesture had somehow awakened a sensation in the tips of her skin that had been dulled.

The cat's low, plaintive meow wakes me from my blurred vision.

Ellen could finally see what was in front of her.

Black.

Small animals.

Ellen opens her mouth, and Nazik speaks.

"Cat......."

Everyone watched the strange exchange with bated breath.





