Episode 526.





The city of Razak was in an uproar over a brawl between an unruly scribe and the head of the Holy Order.

-Puppy!

-Is it a cat?

-Dog! Dog! I love dogs!

-A cat? You really don't know what you're talking about.

Naturally, with nothing better to do before her next deployment, the brainiac Liana de Granz, who was waiting in the wings, couldn't help but notice the bickering.

Cat or dog.

What a bunch of nonsense in a place like this.

-No! I'm not going to do anything, what are you two fighting about?!

Between the two of them, who looked like they were about to punch each other in the face, was Reinhardt, his face pale.

You say you're going to scout out the Allied garrison, but you're back.

"......What are you guys doing?"

Riana asked Olivia and Harriet, whose faces were spread wide as she approached.

"Riana! What do you think?"

"What do you think?"

Riana shook her head at Herriot's question.

It was Olivia who answered.

"Ha, it's the same for him. Of course it's a dog. Dogs are better. I'm sure he'll agree."

"It's a cat!"

Herriot exclaimed with a grunt.

Olivia and Harriet began to glare at Riana.

Reinhardt turned away from the situation for some reason, as if he didn't want to hear it.

Dog or cat.

Riana's deliberations were short-lived.

"At least it's dog food, right?"

"!"

"Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh!"

Olivia's mouth dropped open at the short answer, and Harriet was stunned.

Reinhardt, too, had been turning a blind eye to the situation, and his face had turned a deep shade of blue. Riana shrugged at the reaction.

"I thought we were talking about what would be edible in a food shortage?"

"Bitch......."

"Lee, Riana......."

"......Don't take your antidepressants. You're getting weirder and weirder."

Riana started giggling at the three's shocked reactions.

"Just kidding, of course."

Riana was getting tired of it.



* * *



"You were transformed into a cat?"

"......Yes."

After hearing the details, Riana crossed her arms and thought for a moment.

Reinhardt as a baby black cat.

I returned from the Royal Class Garrison with a bunch of cuteness.

"It's coming up a bit."

As if she were about to throw up, Riana made a gagging motion.

"Did you do it because you wanted to!"

"Then who forced you to do it?"

"Well, that's....... That's not it! That's not it! Uh, originally! The original plan was....... Forget it. What's the point of explaining?"

"So Olivia was arguing that dogs are better, and Harriet was arguing that cats are better?"

"Yeah. A cat, of course."

"You're like this because you like ugly things that have no loyalty. You follow animals that have no character."

"Oh....... So you're saying you're a bitch....... Is that it?"

Olivia's face turned bright red as Harriet laughed, covering her mouth.

"What?! Fucking....... Did you finish your sentence?"

"I thought you said you were!"

"Stop it, both of you, stop it, it's my fault I turned into an animal!"

Reinhardt's face grew wide, as if he couldn't look at the two dregs with his eyes, and he exclaimed.

"Huh!"

"Chet!"

They both turned away as if they didn't even want to look at each other.

"It's a dog or a cat......."

Riana crossed her arms in thought and began to ponder.

"Actually, dogs and cats are too common."

"......I chose it because it's common."

"I want to grow reptiles."

"......?"

"How about a snake? I'm either a snake or a lizard."

"What can I do?"

"No, you said cats can do it, dogs can do it, why not snakes?"

"So why would I!"

Reinhardt said no way, and he didn't listen.

"Ha, you're never going to change from pretending you're not and not getting any cuddles, you sneaky little bastard."

"It's not like that!"

In the end, Reinhardt exploded.



* * *



Charlotte didn't get to visit until late at night because she'd been pestered by Riana, Harriet, and Olivia all day.

The dog vs. cat debate is a time-honored one, but Riana has been asking for something outlandish: she wants to see me turned into a reptile.

Of course, Riana hasn't done any transformations since she showed up.

If you show them enough, they'll get used to it.

But.......

Honestly.

"Wow, again.

I feel like I should turn into a cat and go to the Allied garrison.

I'm not sure, but it seemed like the cat was acting as a sort of neuroleptic for Ellen.

And then you feel bad about showing it to Ellen, so you show it to everyone else, and then you spend more time walking around in your animal form than your human form?

What is this?

I wasn't looking for royalty or anything, but a pet demon that can transform into any animal?

Terrible.

I've dug my own grave again.

Eventually, as the sun was setting, I was able to find Charlotte.

Charlotte, in charge of ruling Edina, has been busy.

I was stuck in my office until the middle of the night.

"Ah, Reinhardt. I heard you were back."

Charlotte, dressed in a black dress, stood up and smoothed her hair as I knocked on her office door.

It's technically a hierarchy, but there's something about acting too much like a hierarchy....... What can I say.......

That's a bit of a stretch.

By the way, didn't he hear about my beastly transformation?

"Are you busy?"

At my words, Charlotte shook her head.

"Not really, I'm done for the day, and I need to think about something."

I'm glad you didn't hear that.

Even Charlotte asked me to show it to her, and I couldn't bring myself to do it.

Charlotte stares at me, as if to say, "We're done here, if you need anything, just ask.

Black hair and evil eyes.

Honestly.

I think it's the devil's image.......

It's not as cute and cuddly as it used to be.

I feel like a queen now, not a maiden.

Now that I've gotten used to it, I don't think this is a bad look for Charlotte.

Something like that.

Weirdly.......

That.......

Well.

"I need to talk to you about something."

"Consultation?"

At that, Charlotte shakes her head. As if there's something you need to talk to me about.

And.

-Crackle

That sound came from Charlotte's stomach, not mine.

You've done your work, but you haven't eaten.

"......You gotta eat and work."

"Well, yeah......."

Blushing, Charlotte shook her head in disbelief.

"It's not exactly a secret, so let's get some food and talk about it."

"That, uh....... Yeah."

Charlotte followed me silently.



* * *



Edna is not a very colorful or vast place to begin with.

The structure itself is a castle, not a palace. It doesn't have a large ballroom, a court orchestra, or galleries.

Compared to an imperial palace, Edina Castle is a thatched cottage.

"Are you uncomfortable living in a place like this, or did I ask too late?"

I asked Charlotte, who was walking alongside me, and he shook his head in dismay.

"No, no, really. I really don't care. You know I don't care about this......."

I couldn't help but watch Charlotte's expression die as I spoke.

Since being kidnapped by the Demon King, Charlotte hasn't had much to eat or sleep on.

Charlotte is silent, as if we have unknowingly and unwittingly crossed each other's thresholds.

After my identity was discovered, I never really got to talk to Charlotte.

Why I had to do it, why I should have done it. Charlotte couldn't hear me, and I wasn't in a position to tell her.

We didn't speak to each other for another two years, with the only truth being that I really wanted to stop it.

The same is true today.

Charlotte was feeling guilty about me, and she kept apologizing for it, but we never really talked about everything that happened from our first meeting until now.

Why I cheated.

He knew you were a princess, and he'd been lying to you all along.

About the truth about your kidnapping.

About the days of carrying letters back and forth.

And yet, it dawns on me that we haven't talked about anything.

In the face of something as big as the Gate scandal, the fate of the world, and running a country, I wondered if it was okay to bury small stories.

Charlotte had already buried her questions in her guilt, so she didn't need to talk about them.

I walk to the cafeteria with Charlotte, head down and speechless.

Let's eat something for now.

Let's talk while we eat.

Whatever it was.



* * *



"Directly....... directly?"

Charlotte looked at me in disbelief as I walked directly into the galley instead of calling for someone.

"Who says the devil can't hold a sword?"

"Yeah....... I do......."

I have little sense that I am a king, and no idea of the discipline or dignity that comes with being a king.

And, honestly, it's been a while since I've wanted to make Charlotte something with my own hands.

Honestly, in all seriousness, I'm in a hierarchy with these guys, but I don't know if they see me as a lord or not, but to me they're just friends.

I can only do so much on my own. So I rely on my friends to help me.

I don't know if it's right to think like a king, but I can't change my mindset from this.

And in fact, after the water sword, the knife is the only thing I've held in the temple that I've gotten tired of.

I made a lot of them, and ate a lot of them.

Between meals before breakfast and at night after evening training.

With Ellen.

Sometimes with Harriet, sometimes with Charlotte.

"......."

I can't help but cringe when I think back to my Temple days.

It makes me think about the things that have changed.

I think of moments that have become irreversible.

I definitely had that thought back then.

That one day, everything would be different.

I knew it was bound to happen.

Even in that moment, I kept thinking that there would come a day when I would remember these days, that this moment could never last forever.

Those thoughts ended up being true, and I had no choice but to live in the now, unable to return to that moment.

But just because you know, just because you think it's going to happen, doesn't mean it's going to be easy to accept when it does.

Moments of no return.

Irreversible relationships.

I find it infuriating and frustrating.

Also, I was sad.



* * *



It's kind of funny that Wang Sung isn't given the same environment as an academy run by the empire, but the empire is a different beast altogether.

It's not the same environment as the temple, but it is a king's castle after all.

We had plenty of food, it was getting late, and Charlotte doesn't eat much, so I made a light sandwich.

A glass of water and a sandwich.

"Thank you, Reinhard."

"What's the big deal?"

"But......."

It didn't seem like much, but Charlotte was impressed, her eyes lit up, and she began to eat her sandwich.

I made mine while I was at it, so I had a sandwich too.

"When is your next departure?"

"Well....... That's up to the Allies, not my will. I'll have to keep an eye on that."

"Well, I guess so."

I don't make the decision for the Allies to advance, so the nature of our job is to follow their movements, and we don't know when the next deployment will be.

As the Allies advance and we send out our vanguard to secure the advance, we strike further ahead.

"By the way, I'm glad you're okay, I hope the other unit is too."

"Probably," I said, "because we've all agreed that if I run out of steam, I'll just bail, and I don't have to push myself."

Loss of manpower at the wrong time is devastating. The Lord Vampires had been made aware of this, so it shouldn't be a problem.

Avoid conflicts with allied forces as much as possible.

If it's a battle where you expect to lose men, walk away.

As long as these two guiding principles are followed, other units shouldn't have too many problems.

Come to think of it, there's something I need to tell Charlotte, too.

Not that it matters to Charlotte.

"Also, I destroyed a gate, albeit a small one."

"I heard that from Harriet, but I'm a little worried that destroying the warp gate might be a bit much......."

"Not too much. Technically, it was just her or him doing it."

It's only a squad of five, but even then, the four of us, minus Riana, don't have a moment of weakness.

He summoned a massive blizzard, turning the area into a near-blizzard, and many of the flying monsters crashed and burned, while those that remained were buried in the snow, either crushed or suffocated.

"I wouldn't put too much faith in it though, you never know how long it's going to work."

Charlotte nodded, knowing that Harriet had already been briefed.



"Yeah, but I think it's still going to be a pretty big trump card in our game plan."

"Yeah, I guess so."

The strategy was to reduce the number of monsters with extreme cold, but after experimenting with it, we realized that it had a significant side effect.

Like I said, every monster is different. If you want to kill them with their environment rather than a direct hit, you'll need to use a variety of methods.



Some are similar to common creatures, while others are completely different.

That's why we need different types of deaths.

Verbs and fallen verbs.

That's all I was thinking about, and then I realized that I was choking and suffocating.

I've found that blizzards are quite a versatile weapon.

Of course, it's somehow even more horrifying that these monsters survived in such extreme conditions.

"We'll probably be able to handle a small gate like this and march through it on our own, but I don't know about a medium-sized gate, and I don't think we'll be able to handle a very large gate on our own."

Blizzard is a very useful weapon at this point, but at some point you'll encounter enemies that it doesn't work against.

"By the way, the Allies are going to be pretty flustered when they arrive......."

"I don't think the snow will melt by the time you get there, but whatever."

Once you've got Heinrich, you'll be able to bombard him with flames and the snow will melt in no time.

If it doesn't work out, Riana can step in again.

I mean, it's massive environmental destruction, but that's none of my business. I've got a lump in my throat.

Charlotte finished her sandwich and looked at me distantly.

Yes, we decided to talk.

For some reason, we've been cooking and eating together on separate nights, and we just feel like talking about things.

It makes me feel sentimental.

Even though I knew it wasn't the right moment, the sentimental feeling was quite foreign to me because it had been so long.

Still, you have to do what you have to do.

I don't know everything.

And there's a lot it can't do.

So I have a lot of people around me.

People who can think things I don't know, people who can do things I can't.

They are all important to me.

"Do you know anything about the Schwarz family?"

"You mean Cernstadt, right?"

"Uh, yeah."

Charlotte tilts her head, not sure why I'm asking this.

"You know as much as you need to know, right?"

It's not a minor power, it's a first world country.

Number Two among human nations, so to speak.

So Charlotte knows as much as she needs to know.

I thought that was pretty funny.

It's not about knowing what you know, it's about knowing what you need to know.

Not as much as is commonly known, but as much as she should know as an empress.

In other words, there is knowledge of unknown details.

"I know Heinrich."

"Yes, Heinrich von Schwarz. He was a classmate of mine. Ever since the Gate debacle....... I understand he's been quite active."

"He's about to be assassinated by his own brothers. That's what I'm thinking."

"......What, assassination?"

Naturally, Charlotte's reaction was one of disbelief.





