Episode 529.





Late at night.

Charlotte went into the bedroom, and I went into the bedroom.

Herriot had fallen asleep during his research, and was leaning back in bed with his book open.

I put the book back on the study table and carefully laid the sleeping Harriet down properly.

Herriot smiles wryly in his sleep, as if he felt my touch.

"Reinhardt....... Cat....... Iyi....... Joa......."

It's so cute, I want to bite it.

I lean back in bed and prepare to fall asleep.

So far today, I've given Airi the day off, so he's not coming.

King of the world.

It's not that I haven't thought about it, but I've never thought about it in depth.

That's something we don't know until we think about it.

The issue at hand is the assassination of Heinrich von Schwarz.

It's hard to intervene, and Charlotte said the best thing to do was to include Heinrich.

Method.

I have my own method that no one else knows about.

I stopped using it when the world started to conspire to screw me over in some way, but it's still a system feature.

I don't know when or how it's going to screw me over, and it's unreliable.

After a very long time, I'm using the retirement feature.

The assassination of Heinrich von Schwarz does not happen.



[Specify a date range].



Date range.

Sure. If we do this as a resignation, Heinrich will be free of assassination threats for the rest of his life, so we need to set a date, okay?

You can make it so there are no assassinations for a week. But the very next day, an assassination may occur.

It's a band-aid until you fix the real cause.

How about ten days?



[2,000 achievement points are required to trigger this event].



The required number of achievement points is 2,000.

The achievement is worth about 30,000 points, which is what you've earned since you last roamed the Sren Mountains.

You can.

I can guarantee Heinrich's safety for ten days. And maybe the next ten days.

But the march doesn't end in a month or two. It's meant to go beyond the year.

But if you keep putting it off, you'll just use up your achievement points.

We already know that we can't do much with retirement anyway.

It can't cause too many big events, and it can't avoid too many critical events. It's just built to be more of a secondary function.

You can't expect too much from a retirement in the first place.

If so, something else.

How about another long-forgotten system cheat.



[Scribe's Advice - 150 points].



It's not often that a scribe's advice has directly helped me. Throw me into a new case and I'm thrown.

They were usually both a help and a hindrance.

Seeing as how I'm still alive today, I guess it was helpful after all, even if I didn't use it often.

The roots of this whole story lie in my arrival at Eleris's shop on the advice of my first scribe, but I haven't written much since then. I didn't need to, and I often found it confusing.

And that it could be a trap, Kengigo.

At a time when you have to make the best choice in almost every situation, it's probably best to avoid scrivener's advice because of its potential pitfalls. It might just make your head spin.

So in Ellen's case, I didn't even look at the advice. I didn't even try to leave because I knew it would be pointless.

How about this.

Heinrich von Schwarz is assassinated, and what do I do?

I just wish it wasn't some bullshit that makes my head spin.



[Solid scribe's advice].

[Do nothing].



"......."

Again.

It was bullshit that only made my head hurt.

Do nothing.

I don't know if I should leave it alone, or if Heinrich is better off dead, or if my attempts at direct contact will only make things weirder.

What if I do nothing?

So what, you're saying it's better to let it die, or you're saying it's better to leave it alone?

If you're going to say it, say it!

The advice was direct, but the results were counterintuitive and made my head explode.

In this case, the vague advice was even more ridiculous.

You too?



[advice from an obscure scribe].

[Why is Heinrich von Schwarz still alive?]



What the hell is this?

Is it because Heinrich's very existence is strange?

My achievement score is 300 points.......

Now that's a lot, but it's still an achievement point.......

"After ......."

Headache.

Get some sleep.

"Mmmm goodnight....... Good night, lullaby......."

I wonder what our little paktong is dreaming about.

Am I dreaming that you're putting me to bed as a cat?

I finally gave in and patted him on the head a few times.



* * *



Cernstadt military headquarters barracks.

Deep in the night, only three men remained in the command barracks, having bitten off all the other commanders and soldiers.

"Sister. I'm not sure this is right."

"What do you mean?"

"Are we sure we want that bastard in our army......."

Alfons von Schwarz echoed the words of his second and eldest son, German von Schwarz.

"I don't even want to look that bastard in the face, why do we have to command an army in the same room as that filthy bastard, and the way he's being treated these days makes me sick to my stomach."

"Didn't I tell you, sister, not to use that word?"

German and Alfons' faces hardened at Louise's words.

"I'm sorry."

"......Sorry."

"It's bad enough to even mention such a word, even in private. How many times have I told you that people like us shouldn't even utter such ominous words? What if someone overhears you?"

Bastard.

It would be a problem if anyone knew that Schwarz royalty had ever uttered the word bastard.

People will get the hint that you have an illegitimate child problem.

The brothers are too quick to pick up on words that become problematic the moment they are uttered. At Louise's words, Alphonse, the third of the brothers who had been silent, spoke up.

"Anyway, that....... I don't see why we need to incorporate the youngest one into our army, it'll only make him more prominent."

"Yes. I wonder if it wouldn't be better to leave them on the Temple side, away from our forces, and on the Allied side......."

Changing Heinrich von Schwarz's affiliation to Cernstadt County is risky.

Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't know, but the bastard's position is getting tighter and tighter.

My second and third judgments were that it could threaten my position.

But Louise von Schwarz shook her head.

"It's the same whether we come back as heroes or are treated like heroes. We're all part of the same system, the Alliance. No matter how far apart you are, as long as you're part of the same system, there's nothing to be gained by being far apart."

"......."

"......."

"We'll take what we can get. By bringing the youngest to our side, the High Command will be able to use Heinrich in future operations only with the consent of the Schwarz family. Don't you realize what that means?"

The youngest, who has become too influential to be shooed away with the word bastard.

"If you're useful, it doesn't matter where you come from or what your background is. Just think about after the war."

"If after......."

Louise von Schwarz's cold gaze shines.

"Do you think the empire will ever be an empire?"

"!"

"What, sister?"

The brothers' faces hardened at the taboo word.

"There will be an empire."

A smile tugged at Louise von Schwarz's lips.

"But there's no law that says the masters of the empire must always be the House of Gradias."

"But in this situation, Heinrich von Schwarz's being a student at Temple is only a testament to the power of the Empire."

"You're treated like an empire-builder."

"Heinrich must be honored. In this county of Cernstadt, you must raise a major in the name of the House of Schwarz."

"Why should I give up a major to the Empire when I can get one?"

"How long will you be content to live in the shadow of the First Reich?"

"Where is the law that says the House of Schwarz can't be the House of Schwarz?"

"Now that the Empire is weaker than ever, why shouldn't we think about what happens after it's all over, if they're thinking about it?"

"It takes a family like that to turn the Schwarzes into the Huangs." ....... Yes. Bastard."

The words "don't take it out" come from the mouth of Louise von Schwarz.

"If a bastard can help, so be it. I mean, is it time to put personal agendas on a board that even the bastard's bastard has to pick up and write on?"

At Louise's words, Alphonse and German's expressions changed.

In this situation, Louise von Schwarz is trying to bring down the Imperial House of Gradias after the war.

Cernstadt takes over.

Taking delivery of Heinrich von Schwarz's recruits is just the beginning.

"But my sister....... The military and the people's support for the youngest......."

"After the war is over....... might be too big for us to touch."

In the eyes of the two brothers, Louise von Schwarz reads the fear of an undetermined future.

As much as the brothers dislike Heinrich, they are afraid of him.

"You said you'd use it. Did you say you'd be with me all the way?"

Eldest daughter.

Louise von Schwarz shook her head as if to say not to worry.

"Epics about heroes are always written after they've laid their bodies on the cold ground."

Alfons and German held their breath as their eldest daughter's cold expression told them that everything was in the calculations.



* * *



Saviolin Tana, in charge of the vanguard, sat on her horse and watched the scene unfold.

"I don't think this is an operational area."

Saviolin Tana and her troops were silent, taking in the sights around them from the high ground.

It's the job of the Saviolin Tana to wait for the next advance, check out the monstrous hordes, plants, and clusters in front of them, and if they can strike, they strike and kill.

Ellen had a similar role, but she was now deployed to another theater of operations.

So where Saviolin Tana is now, it's an undeveloped area that was never declared an Allied zone of operations, and no troops were ever sent there.

"......."

But what Savior Tana saw in the silence was the corpses of the monsters strewn across the field, as if someone had already swept them away.

The monsters here shouldn't have been slaughtered, but their carcasses were strewn about as if a wave had swept them away.

A few monsters were seen coming and going, but it is believed that they were brought in from other locations.

"Someone other than us....... We've already swept through this once......."

Saviolin Tana and the rest of the troop had a hunch that something very strange had happened.

"Returning to garrison. We'll need to do some more checking."

Though she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, Saviolin Tana could only guess at the source of the mysterious reinforcements.

Around the same time, the vanguard, led by Ellen, was facing the same sight.

Recon and color. And extermination when possible.

The original instructions were to retreat and bring in a larger force if the enemy outnumbered you, but since being able to tap into Rafelt's power, Ellen has been able to annihilate most of the enemies she encounters.

Even the troops were barely able to exert themselves.

Sweep with flames once, and slash with Voidblade at enemies that don't die from the flames.

I've yet to meet an enemy that didn't get killed by a Voidblade.

But once she broke through the limitations of only being able to fight in melee, Ellen was able to do something similar to a one-man army.

"......."

Ellen and her troops were looking at the remnants of a horde of monsters that had already been slain, just as Savior Tana's troops had seen.

Burned to death, dismembered by something, or blown to pieces.

The different modalities of death suggested that this was not a single actor, but multiple.

The monsters have already been organized by a mysterious force that cannot be identified but can use multiple classes of power.

"It looks like the monsters from all over the area have been swept away - not that they aren't there, but the numbers are extremely low, so I'm guessing they've been brought in from other places since then."

"......Yes."

After confirming that there were no monsters in the area, the troops who had scouted in all directions returned and told the same story.

The monsters in the area around the planned march route have been wiped out.

There are monsters, but they are believed to have emerged from other areas after the wipeout.

We have unidentified collaborators.

Ellen holds the necklace in her left hand and stares at the scene.

'Line....... Reinhard.......'

Ellen thought she knew who it was.

Ellen grabs hold of her fading mind.

Just thinking about the name makes my head spin with anger and hatred.

That's not a cursed name.

Every time she thought about the devil and Reinhardt, Ellen felt as if the negative emotions were eating away at her every cell in her body.

There were times when I lost my mind.

But it's not like you're going to pass out and collapse.

Instead of collapsing, Ellen's body is taken over by someone else, as if someone has taken control of her body for a moment.

It doesn't do anything weird.

She's just like Ellen, going through the motions, hunting monsters, and being controlled by the military.

It's just that it's not Ellen.

Someone is in control of my body.

The cycles weren't very frequent yet, but Ellen was secretly confident that they would become more frequent.

Clutching the necklace tightly in her left hand, Ellen looks out over the plain where the monsters were slaughtered.

"Let's go back."

Ellen turned the horse's head.

Some of us already had a hunch about the truth of this unknown situation.

Of course.

'Is there......?'

Ellen wondered inwardly if the black, fluffy creature would be waiting for her when she returned to the garrison.

The spirits that hate demons, do not hate nor dislike small beasts.

As such, it didn't make me feel like my head was going to explode just thinking about it.

Something that isn't a pain just to think about.

It couldn't be a bad thing to have such a thing.

Of course, when Ellen returned to the Royal Class garrison, the black kitten was nowhere to be found.

It was unnecessarily sad, and Ellen was sullen for the rest of the day in a different way.



* * *



Upon returning to the garrison, Saviolin Tana shared the current situation with the General Command on a highly confidential basis.

The unknowns are paving the way.

Saviolin Tana did not add that it was believed to be a demonic force, for if it became known and spread through the garrison, it would only add to the chaos.

You don't want information to get out in a haphazard fashion, and you don't want to end up with terrified soldiers and commanders who think they're walking into a trap laid by the devil instead of accelerating their march.

If it becomes known that the Demon Army is cooperating, it will hinder the army's progress.

Keep it top secret, but if it's known, make sure it's known as if it's in the Allied interest.

After reporting to the General Headquarters about what was happening on the marching road, Saviolin Tana sought out someone.

Someone who can figure this out faster and more accurately than anyone else.

"Frontline reconnaissance......?"

"Yes, I need your power."

It was none other than Kono Lint, a teleportation powerhouse.





