Episode 530.





Kono Lint's psychic abilities have mostly been used for life-saving purposes since the events of the Gate. While his powers have improved, he hasn't improved much as a person, and his personal combat skills are still not as good as those of a regular soldier.

But a superpower called spatial travel.

Kono Lint was able to move around without restriction, not only on his own, but also with someone else.

This doesn't necessarily mean you can't use Kono Lint's abilities for offense.

However, in order to kill the monster, there is a process that requires you to move "with" the monster, which has a mass of roughly 200 kilograms or less.

For example, by moving it to a very high altitude and then dropping it.

Of course, after suffering immensely from the barometric pressure, Kono Lint gave up on utilizing his powers offensively.

In the first place, Kono Lint is trying to capture a monster about the same size as himself, while Ellen Artorius or Heinrich wreak carnage.

As such, Kono Lint was tasked with rescuing survivors from the battlefield.

At this point, Lint's power was limited to pulling incapacitated soldiers out of large-scale combat situations and into rear areas.

It's more of a spell that can be used without casting, except for the ability to move through space.

Of course, you can't do anything close to intercontinental travel, but the number of uses covers the distance limitations.

Using continuous teleportation, Kono Lint can return to the Imperial Zodiacal Gradient in less than five minutes, which is already a long way away.

Scouts that can be deployed and retreated at any time, in any situation.

The instructions from Saviolin Tana are straightforward.

To see how many monsters along the marching path have been destroyed up to a certain point.

We've heard reports of unspecified forces opening up the Alliance's path of advance.

Since he's a psychic and doesn't need to cast, Kono Lint set off immediately.

-pot!

In less than a minute, Kono Lint was able to reach the point that Savior Tana and Ellen had reached.

"Unidentified forces......."

Kono Lint disappears once more, leaving a trail of slaughtered monsters in his wake.

I wonder how much it moved.

"......, eh?"

Not to mention the fact that you suddenly have to squint because your surroundings are overly bright.

-Pull!

"Ew, ew!"

I'm buried in a pile of snow.

Buried in a snowdrift, Kono Lint stood frozen, staring up at the sky.

"Ouch! It's cold!"

In the middle of what had become a snowfield, Kono Lint panicked and used spatial travel.

They don't have the ability to fly, but they can teleport through space.

You can't stop yourself from falling, but if you keep moving through the air, you can effectively float.

Of course, I don't use it much because the crash feels pretty awful.

In the air above it.

"What is this...... what is this.......?"

Kono Lint froze as he stared at the vast white expanse of land where he could see nothing but snow.



* * *



"Eyes?"

"Yes, sir. It was incredibly snowy. Unnaturally so."

It's a fairly large area, but it's almost certainly well beyond the area of a single city.

Savioline Tana narrowed her eyes at Kono Lint's report.

Kono Lint already had a full picture of how much snow had fallen and on what scale.

"It's not the season for snow, so it must be man-made......."

"Yes, maybe......."

"What about the monsters?"

"There were some that were alive, but I think they got buried in the snow and were pretty much wiped out."

"......Yes."

Snow has fallen over a vast area.

Tana stares at the range Kono Lint has marked on the map.

There is a top-level magic called Blizzard.

A large-scale weather-altering spell that summons a blizzard over an area.

But no spell can be cast on that scale. Unless you're a legendary dragon, there's no spell that can summon a blizzard at this range to bury monsters in snow and kill them.

Is it magic, or is it something else.

An army can only march so fast, and by the time they arrive, the snow will have melted.

With a dramatically reduced number of monsters to deal with as you march forward, the road ahead is easy.

Reinhardt's forces are helping the Allies advance.

Not only have the monsters been physically cleared out, but they've also caused a massive, unexplained weather event to clear out the horde.

The march will definitely be easier and faster.

"Is this....... What's going on?"

In response to Konorint's question, Saviolin Tana shakes her head.

"It doesn't do any good."

"Oh....... of course."

Reinhardt's name is almost taboo in this world.

The Devil is helping the Allies.

That's for sure.

"......."

If it becomes known that the Demon is helping the Alliance advance, it will only cause chaos in the garrison.

To those who do not believe in the Demon's good intentions, this phenomenon is seen as a pathway into the unknown horrors the Demon has designed for the Alliance.

Some, like Saviolin Tana, know they don't have to fear such help from the devil.

But what if this massive weather event happens in your garrison?

Humanity's strongest and last army.

When this army is gone, humanity will perish.

If so, the Devil could destroy humanity at any time.

Tana knows she doesn't have to fear the devil.

However, we have seen that the Demon has a power that should be feared.

If the devil thinks otherwise, humanity will always be gone.

'I shouldn't be afraid....... I'm sure you are.......'

Saviolin Tana presses her eyes shut and lets out a deep sigh.

'I'm so afraid.......'

Humanity exists because of the mercy of the Devil.

However, most of humanity hates demons.

The few who knew that the moment the Demon's mercy ceased to exist would be the end of humanity, they could only fear him more and more.



* * *



That's just the way cats are.

"One minute they're friendly, the next they're not. He'll disappear and reappear out of nowhere."

She explained.

A few days passed after the cat disappeared. Everyone was mourning.

Ellen wasn't the only one who was disappointed, as we all looked forward to seeing how the cat was doing when we got back to camp.

After getting a detailed picture of what was happening in the forward areas, the General Staff pushed back the march date by a few days.

But the horde of monsters had been all but slaughtered, so Ellen remained in the Royal Class garrison, with nothing to do.

The kitten that kept Royal Class buzzing for a day has scurried off somewhere.

Cats can disappear and appear out of nowhere.

It may be hiding somewhere in your luggage in your Royal Class garrison, or it may have moved on to another garrison.

The garrison is large, and finding a single black kitten can be a challenge.

It's ridiculous to go around looking for them like you own them when you've only had them for a day.

And she knows she's not in a position to do this to a single cat.

It's only one day.

It's ridiculous that I'm agonizing over a little beast I've only had for a day.

Do you like cute things?

Ellen thought to herself, but couldn't quite figure it out.

More importantly, I'm worried about the cat that went somewhere.

I don't think the little critters that can't jump up and down on a bed are going to be able to get around this garrison very well.

The thought of stepping on some blind foot sent shivers down my spine.

The blanket the cat had been sitting on in the restaurant awning was still there.

No one cleaned it up, hoping that the cat would come back and sit there at any moment, as Ellen did.

Ellen looks at the blanket and eats still.

"Do you want to see the cat?"

Christina, sitting across from me, asked.

My face says it all.

Ellen stares down at her plate of stew, muttering to herself.

Do you want to see it.

There's actually something else you want to see.

But just thinking about the name made my head spin.

I've taken over, so it should be fine.

That should be fine.

-chiying

"......."

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, wait. I'm getting dizzy and can't......."

Ellen breathed through the tinnitus that threatened to knock her out of consciousness. After a few breaths with her left hand clutching the necklace, she regained some sense of calm.

Feeling split in your emotions.

I've never been able to get used to the strange pain of feeling hatred, anger, and attachment all at the same time, and the tug-of-war between them.

I try not to think about Reinhardt, even consciously.

It became a name that hurt Ellen physically, mentally, and spiritually.

I'd rather think of something else.

It's too small and insignificant.

It's better to think about something that doesn't seem to mean anything.

Because thinking about Reinhardt doesn't make it better.

Because it only hurts more.

"...... looks weird."

"What?"

"It's just, it's an animal."

I can't help but think it's weird.

"I'm worried."

On a battlefield where so many humans were in danger and actually dying, it felt strange to Ellen to be worried about a single animal, no matter how out of shape she was.

That night.

The image of the little cat sobbing, as if resonating with her own pain, was haunting.

It's an animal, but I don't think it's an animal.

How does it make sense to worry about an animal when you should be worrying about people first and foremost?

No, beyond worried.

It makes even less sense to be sad about it.

You didn't make a promise, and you don't know if she understood what you were saying. When you asked her to come back, you just said it, and there's no way she understood you.

It's weird to expect that from an animal.

"I'm worried too, where did we go with this little topic?"

Christina sighed heavily, as if she understood what Ellen was feeling.

Christina comforts Ellen, saying it's not that weird.

I can't run, and soon this garrison will be leaving, and I can't keep up with the march of this army with no one to look after me.

You can jump on any wagon, but if something goes wrong.

I know it's silly to worry about it, but I can't help it.

"By the way, I had a weird crush on Ellen."

"......."

"Do cats have eyes to recognize a warrior?"

"......No way."

"Is that so?"

Much to Ellen's chagrin, Royal Class was full of people talking about guests who came and went.

"By the way, Anna requested something weird for supply, didn't she?"

"Something weird......?"

"Yeah, I heard it's something that cats like, but I don't know what it is, and I'm not sure I want to put it on my research request distribution list. Maybe it's there, maybe it's not, but I've already sent a request and can't cancel it. Whoa......."

Gifted with dark magic, Anna is often sent into battle, but she spent quite a bit of time helping Christina with her alchemical experiments at the Temple.

That's why I still help Christina with her alchemy experiments when I have time.

But then she saw a cat the other day and added the item to her supply list.

It's the equivalent of military misconduct. It's never a good thing to do, even if it's not a big deal.

"......I don't think so."

Ellen even mumbled something like that.

"It's not the first time Anna has done something out of the ordinary. She's done it before....... Hmm."

Christina started to say something, then shut her mouth. Ellen thought she knew what Christina was about to say.

Something about the Magic Society. You tried to feed Reinhardt some kind of strange potion.

Ellen takes a deep breath and nibbles at the stew.

"Adelia's been pulling all-nighters, too, building cat houses and stuff. What does she do when she's not working? She doesn't seem to have any time to sleep these days."

"...... is it?"

"By the way, have you found anyone who's ever had a cat?"

"ah......."

Ellen is rather a sweetheart.

All of the royal classes were polarizing.

But then the cat disappears and is nowhere to be seen.

It's not a case of losing the cow and fixing the barn.

The cows aren't coming, and everyone is building barns.

-So it's better to be a dog than a cat?

-You're lucky you have a dog or cat. Are you going to cover up?

-Yes.

More students were upset than Ellen.

This is why you shouldn't have a cat, this is why dogs are better, and cute is still the best. Some say that dogs are cute enough.

Maybe it's sad that I can get so excited about one tiny thing in this dreary, stark place.

The reality behind it is that I can't find pleasure in anything else.

In the big story, there's despair and pain, and you never know who's going to die in the battle in front of you.

If you talk about heavy things, the mood will be heavy and you'll only hear doom and gloom.

So we're talking about the little things.

Cute, pathetic, and pitiful.

Something small that I know I can help and protect.

Because little beings can be taken care of with little effort.

It's easier to protect and feed a small animal than it is to save humanity.

That's why we're talking about small things.

In the midst of a rather cheerful conversation about a missing cat, Ellen realizes why it's the only thing people can talk about.

It's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy.

Stop thinking about things that are beyond your capabilities, and stop obsessing over small things.

Barely cute.

Are we paying attention to something that isn't even human.

If that's not defeatism, I don't know what is.

Ellen thinks she shouldn't. Other people might, but she shouldn't let her heart be captivated by such a small creature.

Because I need to do more.

You have bigger fish to fry than giving your heart to a small animal.

Because people have expectations of me.

Because there's work to be done.

It was just a weird thing that happened for one night. It remains a pretty exotic experience, but it doesn't have to be.

That's just the way cats are.

Something that comes out of nowhere and disappears just as quickly.

An animal with no loyalties and no feelings.

So when the fate of humanity is on the line, it's not your place to worry about a cat.

Ellen clears her throat and focuses her eyes.

"Not really, I don't mind if you don't come."

"That's a shame. I liked Ellen the best, though."

"What the heck, it's just an animal."

With that, Ellen scooped up a spoonful of stew.

-Uh-huh?

-Huh?! It's here!

-Where have you been!

Suddenly, there was a commotion outside.

"......? No way?"

Christina shakes her head at the commotion outside the tent.

-Delay!

Ellen jumped to her feet. There was a loud crash as the wooden chair she was sitting on gave way.

From afar.

The cat, who hadn't even walked yet, hopped like a bird.

The cat leapt like the wind and came all the way to the restaurant's awning, stopping in front of Ellen.

-Angel

"......."

Ellen stares down at the cat looking up at her.

Ellen cautiously squats down and looks at the cat.

"Really....... such an animal......."

Suddenly it's there, then it's gone.

Finally, it reappears.

Thinking it was a strange animal.

-Angel

Ellen held the cat in her arms.

I told him to come back.

I told him so, and he came back, albeit a few days later.

"Promise, kept."

-Angel

I wonder if it really understands me.

Now Ellen really didn't know what was what.

"You said you wouldn't mind if I didn't come."

"......."

At Christina's words, Ellen blushed a rare color.

This would be self-defeating.

That would be defeatism.

Even as she thought that, she couldn't help but hug the little cat tightly.





