Episode 531.





The Allies advance again.

It was treated as a top secret by the General Headquarters that a group of presumed demonic troops were on the front lines of the march.

It was enough to say that this was also an allied endeavor.

By the time the Allies reached the location of the heavy snowfall, the snow that had covered the area had already melted.

"That's a little spooky."

"Sure."

"Can it be fall already......."

Soldiers passing through the area would only notice the slightly cooler temperatures, unaware that the area had been hit by a vast snowstorm.

The Allied troops, who had been moving slowly, were quickened by the sudden opening of the road. Hordes of monsters roamed the continent, but they were small enough to be dealt with by the Alliance's skirmishers alone.

The Allies advance, carrying an unidentified ally.

They soon crossed the border into Ryzeln, and saw that the small warp gate at the borderlands had already been destroyed.

After starting the march, we finally made it into the OP.

"In the assault on Sankerian, Cernstadt takes the right wing."

Louise von Schwarz's words are met with nods from Heinrich and other members of the Cernstadt royal family.

Heinrich von Schwarz was incorporated into the Cernstadt army.



* * *



Sankerian, a city near the Riseln border.

It wasn't a big city, but it was one of the main strongholds with two medium-sized warp gates.

The area around Sankerian is naturally infested with monsters, as is the area around the Gate, so the Allied forces preparing for the operation were meeting in a garrison quite a distance from Sankerian.

Warp gates are the fountains of fire from which monsters pour forth.

To reach the gate, you must advance while pushing back the monsters that infest the area.

When it gets to a certain distance, it will fire an all-out assault on the warp gate, causing it to collapse.

But smashing the warp gate isn't the end of the story. You'll also need to destroy the monsters the gate has already spawned.

Previously, this would have been accomplished by a detachment commanded by Savior Tana herself, who would break through, destroy the warp gate, and then escape.

However, the warp gate itself has become increasingly powerful, and the number of monsters pouring out of it has become overwhelming.

Destroying it in one fell swoop is now impossible.

Of course, this doesn't mean that warp gate destruction is impossible if you keep doing what you've been doing.

But that puts Savior Tana, as well as Archmages and Master Class Knights, which are very valuable powers, at great risk.

Most of these people are irreplaceable at this point.

If Saviolin Tana or Ellen Artorius were to be killed in such an operation, it would be more than demoralizing; it could make future shortstop battles impossible.

That's why the army was sent in.

To offset the irreplaceable with the death of the replaceable.

"In this operation, we will destroy the monsters on the Alliance's right flank. After the first wave of monsters are destroyed with artillery support from the rear, and the army advances and succeeds in reaching the outskirts of Sankerian, a detachment led by Ellen Artorius and Saviolin Tana is to enter the city."

Ruiz explains the plan she received from the General Command Center.

"Heinrich. You will be at the head of our force, taking out the monsters before the vanguard can advance."

"Yes, sister."

Heinrich nodded, his face serious.



* * *



It didn't matter what Heinrich's wishes were for his inclusion in the Cernstadt army.

Louise von Schwarz wanted to reorganize Heinrich's organization, and her rationale was clear.

Protection for immediate royalty.

The Empire had no reason to reject it, and they didn't exactly reject it.

Just denying it is already creating conflict.

Heinrich was also unable to appeal Louise von Schwarz's decision.

Your brothers will kill you.

I don't believe them.

But it's one thing to recognize it and quite another to not.

Moving into the Cernstadt command center and sharing the action with them, Heinrich felt like he was on his feet.

I can't quite put my finger on it, but for some reason, I've been living with this nagging feeling in the back of my head.

Up until now, the objective has been to advance the Allied forces.

But in the end, that's secondary.

Shortly before the Alliance's first warp gate destruction operation.

The garrison was buzzing with the tension of a unit preparing for a major battle.

It's not about hordes of monsters roaming the wilderness, it's about destroying the warp gates through which they pour.

If you start with the first mission and finish the mission by the last mission, the gate is over.

Heinrich looks out over the garrison with a mixture of fear, determination, and grit.

"Is there anything to worry about?"

"...... brother."

As Heinrich speaks nervously in front of the command barracks, his second brother, Alfons von Schwarz, approaches him with a smile.

-tuk-tuk

"With your powers, you'd wipe out monsters and everything. What are you worried about?"

"......Not exactly, there are plenty of monsters that don't burn."

"The others will take care of that. I don't know if I'll ever see you step up, let alone me or you."

Maybe I'm being too optimistic about the situation.

It's not a war to win, it's a war to survive.

Heinrich thought about it, but didn't say it out loud.

In Heinrich's opinion, his second brother wasn't taking the war very seriously.

Overconfidence in the power of the Allies.

He believed he would survive no matter what, as if it was a foregone conclusion.

So when you're done with the monsters, I'll just be the best man," I say with a hint of sarcasm.

There are plenty of people to die for.

The confidence in survival that comes from knowing that others will die for you.

Every time Heinrich looked at it, an unpleasant feeling rose in the pit of his stomach.

I didn't know my brothers very well.

But the side of the brothers I saw during my stay in the Cernstadt command barracks left much to be desired.

"The ability to simply sweep monsters away from their perch, that's a handy ability, isn't it?"

A smirk on Alfons' face as he drapes a hand over his shoulder.

I feel the mockery in his expression.

Because he's a superhero, he kills monsters and scores points without risk.

It was a clear disrespect, not because you're good, but because you're a superpower.

Seeing the sneer and contempt on his face, Heinrich nods.

Why do this.

Why this.

I wonder if he's deliberately saying things to upset me.

Heinrich is skeptical.

"That's right, brother."

"......?"

"Compared to Ellen or Lord Tana, I'm overly comfortable."

It wasn't the kind of thing that would provoke Heinrich, because that's what he was thinking in the first place.

Compared to those who had to fight, he was nothing more than a man who could slay monsters from a distance with his psychic powers. That's what Heinrich had always thought.

"......."

Alfons stares at Heinrich's face, who seems unmoved by the obvious sarcasm.

"Are you telling me you're a warrior or someone who can be compared to Savior Tana?"

"......It's not like that."

"My youngest....... is quite, quite an asshole, isn't he?"

"Asshole?"

"You've been hanging out with the Imperials and your arrogance is getting out of hand."

Even when you don't say it, they hear it.

Heinrich forgets what to say as he looks at Alfons, who takes his answer as sarcasm, even though he didn't mean it to be.

Brothers don't like themselves.

It's acceptable, but only to a point.

Heinrich could not help but realize now that his brothers hated him.

A childhood accident.

Ever since then, the brothers have looked at themselves as if they were bugs, and it's no different now, many years later.

Heinrich couldn't help but think so.

Heinrich saw a messenger rushing toward him.

"Breaking news!"

"......What is it?"

Alphonse asked as he approached the raggedly breathing messenger, "How did you get here in such a hurry?

"We have a report from our scouting unit that a tornado is currently developing in the area of our planned operation!"

"......tornado?"

Heinrich, as well as Alfons, could only shake their heads in disbelief.



* * *



-currrrrr

Even though I was quite a distance away, the fierce wind was whistling past my ears.

A tornado of epic proportions, visible in the distance, was sucking up monsters everywhere it passed and shooting them into the sky.

-Kurung! Kureng!

It's not just the fierce winds.

-Flash!

Inside the tornado, lights flashed dozens of times a second.

If you are sucked into a tornado, you will be torn apart by the wind and burned by a lightning strike.

Those monsters who cannot withstand the wind and rise to the sky will fall to the ground and die.

Liana Herriot, and me, Olivia, and Airi.

The five of us were taking preemptive action against Sankerian, the Alliance's target for this operation.

The monsters will continue to pour out of the gate, but reducing their numbers ahead of time will make the Alliance's job a little easier.

If you summon a blizzard like you did last time, you'll end up hurting your allies.

So this time, I chose to summon a tornado to wipe out the Sankerian.

Sure, it's outside of Sankerian, but it's a very important place.

-knowwhat!

-Huh!

Olivia had summoned the Death Knights and was holding back the monsters that were swarming toward us to buy time while Riana worked the weather change.

You're in the middle of a swarm of monsters.

-Crack!

Slicing, dicing, and slicing through the monsters caught in the auror blades of blue mana.

To protect Riana until she completes her mission.

That was our role.

Herriot also uses magic to deal with swarms of monsters, and Airi uses sleep magic to put them to sleep, but her own combat skills are top-notch.

-Currrrr!

I can't tell you how much time I've spent dealing with these waves of monsters.

We could all see another large storm developing in the exact opposite direction of the tornado.

A tornado with two bolts of lightning.

"That's it!"

At Riana's shout, I take a step forward.

-Quack!

A magical shockwave is generated, and the monsters swarming around me are knocked back and engulfed in flames.

"We are returning! Rally!"

At that, Olivia, myself, and Airi swarm over to Harriet, who is standing next to Riana.

You don't have to kill all the monsters.

The tornado that Riana summoned will do the work for us.

"I'm coming!"

The power cartridges around Herriot's neck glow, and he begins to glow blue as blue energy lines form all over his body.

Not as much as Redina.

But Herriot has mastered the art of using magic with very little casting.

Mass teleport.

-Flash!

We're out of the zone of operations.



* * *



"I wonder if we can manipulate the climate."

"......Yes."

Bertus nodded at Saviolin Tana's report.

Bertus, the supreme decision-maker of the Alliance, was also in garrison on the ecliptic, in anticipation of a very important operation.

The first maneuver.

That's why it's so important.

As the first step in a work on which the fate of mankind depends, the Emperor could only be sympathetic in this situation.

Bertus has already been briefed on the situation.

I'm guessing it's the same magic used by Herriot de Saint-Etienne and the Vampire Lords.

But this time it wasn't a blizzard, it was a report of a tornado.

Snow and tornadoes.

"It's not magic, it's Riana's superpowers......."

"I wouldn't rule that out as a possibility."

We don't know how it happened, but it's a weather event that's just too big.

We don't know if it's magic or superpowers.

However, a major weather event has hit Senkerian.

This is definitely good news.

The Alliance has no mages or psychics capable of wreaking havoc on that scale.

At the gate, monsters continue to appear.

But for now, the tornado is cleaning up the monsters.

Obviously, you can't march into a sanctuary, which would have been a living hell by now.

"When the tornadoes die down, we move in as fast as we can."

You can't always count on the devil's help. Therefore, Reinhardt's help should not be included in your operational expectations.

Somehow, though, Bertus had a hunch that this help would continue until the gate crisis was completely over.

'I don't know if I qualify for help.......'

Bertus covered his face with both hands and sighed heavily.

It's your first big operation, and a tornado is sweeping through the area slated for battle.

It's likely that your efforts to capture Senkerian will end up being pretty futile.

However, if one day the devil and the empire are destined to go to war with each other, what happens then?

After the Gate debacle, isn't this the end of the human race?

Bertus was already feeling the exact same kind of fear that Savior Tana felt.

"By the way, Ellen's status is....... ?"

"......."

At Bertus's question, Saviolin Tana's complexion turned a bit peculiar.

"Well, if you're asking about the status....... It's certainly not great, but I don't think it's getting any worse."

"......That's great, that necklace the Detomorian gave you is working?"

"I'm not sure about that, but......."

Saviolin Tana had a strange look on her face, as if she was embarrassed to say something.

"I recently got a cat from....... with a cat."

"......cat?"

"Yeah, I don't know what it is, but it definitely seems to be working."

Bertus couldn't understand what the hell Savior Tana was talking about.

"Your Majesty, by the way, is 'that weapon' available for this operation?"

"ah......."

Bertus shook his head, as if he knew what Saviolin Tana was talking about.

"Not yet, I'm afraid. The Archduke and Adelia are pushing as hard as they can, but it's not a stable environment, and they seem to be having a lot of trouble. I've heard that it'll be finished before the year is out, but....... I don't really know what the outlook is."

"I see......."

"It would be nice if it was done sooner rather than later......."

On one side of Bertus's desk was a document titled "Plan for the Creation of Strategic Weapons through the Application of Horsepower Automated Machinery Integration and the Optimization of Power Stones".





