Episode 533.





The garrison was in the midst of a banquet, and naturally, so was the General Headquarters barracks, where Bertus was in charge.

Ellen Artorius was also invited to a banquet at the General Headquarters, but she declined, saying she would rather rest in her barracks. Of course, she was playing with her cat.

Heinrich clearly has the right to meet the emperor, who is presiding over the banquet.

Temple had already become a household name, but he was also a classmate of the Emperor and a very important part of the Alliance's power structure.

When Heinrich requested an audience, Bertus slipped out of the banquet hall and let Heinrich into the barracks he used when he came to the garrison.

"Have you been drinking? Well, it's the day, so of course you've been drinking......."

At Bertus' words, Heinrich nodded as he knelt before Bertus.

"Yes Your Majesty, a little......."

"Make yourself comfortable, there's only two of us in the yard anyway."

"......I think so."

"Sit."

Heinrich was replaced by Bertus in the authority seat.

The emperor is coming.

The emperor is the emperor, no matter how much damage is done to humanity.

Heinrich found it quite amazing that he could summon the Emperor with a word and sit down with him.

In that sense, the Temple days are even more curious.

Bertus uncorked the bottle of wine and poured it into the goblet in front of Heinrich, then poured himself a glass.

"It's a nice day, so I don't see any reason why you and I can't have a drink, and it looks like we already have one."

"......Thanks."

Heinrich took a sip of the wine the Emperor had poured for him and smiled bitterly.

It was a yawning wine, not unlike the wine that arrived at the Cernstadt military headquarters.

Is this all the emperor can drink now?

Bertus took a sip of his wine and let out a long sigh.

"It would be nice if it stayed that way."

"Sure."

Bertus's gaze, like a distant mountain view, was staring at nothing.

Just like today.

It would be nice if all future battles were like today.

But we all know we can't.

It wasn't a big city with a giant warp gate, which would have caused a different kind of damage.

The overly easy first operation may have caused the Allies to relax.

But Heinrich isn't in a position to worry about that.

Fight where you're told to fight. Other than that, I didn't pay much attention to the weird stuff.

It's presumptuous to go beyond what you can do.

Heinrich is a bit more on topic now than he used to be.

Of course, I did do something pretty presumptuous today: call the emperor.

"So, you didn't ask to see me because you haven't seen my face in a while."

"......."

"Do you have any questions?"

Bertus said so, wondering if Heinrich had come for something else, but Heinrich shook his head.

"There's a problem I'm not sure about....... I thought you might know."

"A problem?"

"What would you do if you were me?"

"Hmm?"

Bertus shook his head at the out-of-the-blue question.

"That's so abstract, I'm not sure what you're asking."

"So if you were me, in my situation, I'd say......."

I don't even dare mention the details because I'm cursing myself for even mentioning it.

So I could only say vague things.

Bertus is smart, he's the emperor, he knows politics.

I figured just thinking about it might give me an answer I didn't know.

"If you were in my situation right now....... What do you think is the best thing for me to do....... best option?"

His brothers hate him.

But his position will grow, and that has nothing to do with Heinrich's intentions.

This unintended revelation is about to explode, and you don't know what to do. All you know is that if you stay in Cernstadt County, or if you don't, you're in trouble.

This can only be answered by assuming that Bertus knows Heinrich's position and the inner workings of the Cernstadt royal family.

“나는 이런 거 모르고, 뭘 어떻게 하는 게 정답인지 모르겠어. 뭘 해도 문제일 것 같고, 무슨 선택을 해도 문제만 생길 것 같아. 그래서 이런 걸 잘 아는 사람은 내 주변에 떠오르는 건 너밖에 없으니까……. So......."

That's why I was so rude.

Heinrich added in a small voice.

"Well......."

Bertus rolls the red liquid around in his wine glass, pondering.

Bertus had already realized what Heinrich was asking.

"Your sister, who transferred you to the Cernstadt army....... You do realize what Louise von Schwarz's actions mean, don't you?"

"A little, very little."

"Yeah, I'm not going to be at the mercy of the General Command. No, I'd rather have something to hold onto, something to wield."

Heinrich knew that.

"It's ridiculous that we're already talking about after the war, but....... You are bound to become a very important person in Cernstadt or in the House of Schwarz in any case, it's a natural progression."

"......Yes."

"I don't know what you should do, first of all, because I don't know what you want. I don't know what you should do, but I think I have a pretty good idea of what's going to happen to you."

"What's going to happen to me....... happen to me?"

"Yeah."

Bertus stares at Heinrich and takes a sip of wine.

"Your brothers are probably trying to kill you, whether it's during the war or after the war."

Heinrich's eyes widened at Bertus' words.

Heinrich doesn't know who sent the letter, but he knows it wasn't Bertus.

But Bertus gives the same answer as the mysterious letter.

"Why on earth would....... What did I, what did I do so wrong? I'm......."

"Heinrich. Don't be angry, listen."

Bertus finishes his wine, blows out a hot breath, and stares at Heinrich.

"You are, possibly, illegitimate."

What Charlotte de Gradias knows, Bertus de Gradias knows.

Heinrich's eyes widened at the words, and he could only stare blankly into Bertus' eyes.

"Nonsense....... Nonsense....... lie. Don't lie."

Heinrich, therefore, had no choice but to deny Bertus's cruel suspicions with a quivering lip.

"I said it's a possibility, not a fact."

"Yeah, I mean, I didn't come to you to hear that nonsense......."

"You know that."

Bertus says with a stern look.

"If this is true, it explains why you were hated."

"......."

More than a little hatred, contempt, and disdain.

It's just a possibility, but if it's true, it makes a lot of sense and makes your situation make sense.

Heinrich could only stare blankly into his glass.



* * *



Heinrich staggered out of the General Headquarters barracks.

Bastard.

A word I'd never thought of before in my life was stuck in my head and wouldn't go away.

Bertus said this is a possibility, not a fact.

But Heinrich felt like a puzzle was coming together in his head.

Why, as a child I don't remember, I awakened to a superpower that manifests itself in times of intense stress.

Why, in those early years his brothers died in the flames he created.

Why he had to go to the Temple and not the Royal Academy in Cernstadt at the age of eight.

Why, even now, I look at my youngest, who is becoming a war hero, as if he were an abomination, and I try to ignore and despise him.

It wasn't an accident, it was a childhood murder you didn't know about.

It's just that the idea of an illegitimate son becoming a key figure in the Schwarz family is so unpalatable, and even more so because he's a double-crosser.

If so, why.

I'd rather kill them when they cause such an accident.

Why bother saving it and banishing it to the temple.

The cold stares of my siblings and parents, the memories of my childhood that I don't even remember, came flooding back to me.

Maybe I wasn't hated after the accident, I was always hated.

No, it was the hatred of his brothers that made him a psychic.

I wonder if the root of my powers is the abuse of my siblings, dating back to a time I can't remember.

Staggering back to the Cernstadt barracks, Heinrich walks through the noisy Allied zone.

As he approached the Cernstadt military garrison, he could hear Heinrich calling out to him, saluting and cheering him on.

Normally he would have smiled and waved, but Heinrich didn't have the energy right now.

'Then....... What should I do?

If you are certain that you are an illegitimate child, it is likely that your brothers in the House of Schwarz are trying to kill you.

It's bound to happen after a war, and there's no guarantee it won't happen during a war.

"If you want me to protect you, I can do that.

Bertus said to Heinrich.

"But I'm bringing in a recruit from Louise von Schwarz, so she'll probably resent it, because I'm arbitrarily overturning something she's made clear she wants to do.

"Yeah......?

"They're probably going to be suspicious of my intentions, and rightfully so, because you're a war hero, and the symbolism of your existence is going to be just as big, if not bigger, than Ellen's, and they're going to say I'm trying to use you to do something nefarious, and that's what they're going to say even if I don't actually have that intention, and I'm going to give them the excuse that I'm interfering in their internal affairs.

You can be protected by the emperor.

But that puts a pretty big burden on the emperor's shoulders.

"And I'm pretty sure it's going to put your life in more danger.

'......Yes, I guess so.'

'That doesn't make it easy to stay in Cernstadt County. You're in constant danger....... 'But to remain in the Temple garrison of your own volition is to invite suspicion that you have ulterior motives....... 'Hmmm. That's complicated.'

Bastard.

If that's true, then Heinrich will die either way.

His brothers are trying to kill him.

You will die even if you are protected by the Emperor, and you will die if you remain in Cernstadt's army.

As long as he is part of this coalition, and as long as Heinrich's dance remains as it is, it is self-evident that one day his brothers will try to murder him.

'I then get....... What should I do?

"Heinrich.

"Uh.

"It's a no-brainer, right?

Bertus shrugs.

"To live, you must kill.

'.......'

"We're killing monsters because we want to live, what's the difference between that and this?

'.......'

'Of course, it would be chaos if all the Cernstadt royals died except for you, and I don't want that, because chaos in the Alliance would be almost as bad as your death.'

If Heinrich kills the royal family's enemies who want him dead in order to stay alive, it will cause great chaos in the alliance.

"But you have to do something to survive, no matter what it is.

Bertus said he couldn't help Heinrich save himself, but he could keep his mouth shut. That's what he said.

Even this army is a collection of humanity's will to live.

So, Heinrich has to do something if he wants to live.

You really are a bastard.

As the mysterious letter said, and as Bertus predicted.

Do my brothers really want to kill me.

Does that mean you have to kill your brothers to live?

I don't like being killed, and I don't like killing.

All I wanted was to be treated like a brother.

It's the way things are.

I don't think that's the only reason this should happen.

Heinrich walked aimlessly until he reached the barracks of the Cernstadt military headquarters.

The banquet was still in full swing, and there was a lot of chatter coming from inside the ballroom marquee.

I don't want to see the people in there. Whoever they are.

Heinrich went around the back of the barracks to his tent.

We don't know what we're going to do next.

I'm not sure what to do yet, so I'm not going to do anything.

In fact, I'm starting to think I might as well have been killed.

"......Where have you been?"

But at the back of the barracks, Heinrich heard a voice calling out to him, and he couldn't help but turn around.

"...... brother."

Eldest son and second in line to the throne of the House of Schwarz.

German von Schwarz. And his second son, Alfons von Schwarz.

They were talking outside the barracks, whether to get some air or to catch up.

Alphonse was a man of his word, but in the case of German von Schwarz, he treated him as if he were not there.

"I've been to....... to the barracks."

"......What have you been up to?"

German's question sounded like an interrogation.

Because it's illegitimate.

Is it because I'm an illegitimate child?

Is it because I'm a half-breed that I'm always being asked the hard questions.

Is he always looking at himself with that dry, hard look because he's the worst of the bunch and he has to admit that the worst of the bunch is his family.

Ignore one, despise the other.

"I went to visit a friend."

"When you say friend, who are you talking about?"

"Who else but the Emperor?"

Ivia and Bertus were the only ones who deserved to be called to the Temple garrison and the General Headquarters barracks.

At the casual mention of the word emperor, Alfons von Schwarz begins to chuckle.

"Wow, my little guy is amazing. You think you're friends with the emperor?"

Heinrich rolled his eyes at the blatant sarcasm.

"I don't think so, but His Majesty the Emperor seems to think so."

"......Huh."

Alfons's expression hardened at Heinrich's disapproving comment.

Just as I hadn't expected Heinrich, who was always a silent listener, to speak in this way.

"You're being arrogant, youngest."

German von Schwarz said.

"While you are an important power, you are by nature a member of the House of Schwarz. You claim to be a friend, but your decision to seek out the Emperor personally should be made after consultation with me or your sister."

This means reporting every single step.

When you're a member of the Schwarz family, every move you make can have political implications.

That's true in and of itself.

But is this the only time we're brothers?

And I'm on my way to find out if you're trying to kill me, and I'm wondering if I can talk to you about that.

"Do not act frivolously. Even on the best of days, you're royalty, and you're supposed to behave like it. If you don't want to create unnecessary misunderstandings, refrain from these things."

Misconception.

What a misunderstanding.

You're the one who's wary of your unthinking self.

German's cold words and Alfons' sneering demeanor.

As if they were done talking, they turned away from Heinrich altogether.

You've been drinking.

And Heinrich wanted to know.

Heinrich looks at his brothers with a stern expression.

"Brothers."

"There's nothing more to say. Listen......."

"Am I illegitimate?"

"!"

"What?"

He wanted to see if the possibilities he'd heard about were true.





