Episode 534.





Am I a bastard?

After Heinrich's bombshell question, the brothers were silent for a long time, wide-eyed.

Then, German von Schwarz slowly approaches Heinrich and looks down at him through narrowed eyes.

"Where did you hear such an unbelievable story, did the emperor say that?"

If the source of the information was the Emperor, he would have gone straight to the Allied General Headquarters to argue.

Heinrich knew that what he was saying was a big deal, and that it wasn't the kind of thing you'd say inside the Cernstadt military garrison.

But the frustration and sadness was too much to bear without speaking up.

"The way my brothers treat me, I doubt that's the case."

"No, I can only suspect."

"Is it so wrong to ask for a warm word?"

"But no matter what I do. No matter what major I get, no matter what I do, you always treat me like this, so I don't know if I'm even your blood......."

-Bam!

Before he could finish, German von Schwarz caught Heinrich's blow.

"There's a time and a place for everything."

German's eyes burned with anger.

"Do you really think this is the right place to discuss such a topic?"

The barracks of the Cernstadt military command center, where a banquet is being held.

Bringing up the subject of illegitimacy when there might be an ear listening somewhere is a very dangerous and stupid thing to do.

Moreover, the mere fact that the youngest prince, who now enjoys enormous support within the Cernstadt military, would bring up the subject of illegitimacy would in itself send shockwaves through the military. Whether it is true or not.

"I guess they didn't teach you this in your pompous temple......?"

Heinrich looked up to meet German's furious gaze.

"A temple is a place where you mix with the common people and do math, so how the hell are you going to learn this stuff?"

"......what?"

"And you can't say no, can you?"

German's expression froze at the coldness in Heinrich's tone.

"Brother, I'll just tell you."

"......."

"I think you noticed it yourself anyway."

Alfons, watching from the back, approaches Heinrich in his usual languid manner.

Then he whispers in Heinrich's ear.

To be heard by no one else, only by Heinrich.

"You are the youngest. You are a bastard."

"......."

"So, I hope you're on topic now."

Heinrich looks at Alfons von Schwarz with a stern expression.

"We're not supposed to be talking as equals, do you understand how uncomfortable and unpleasant this has been for us?"

"Now you see?"

"If you're ugly, I hate you for being ugly."

"If you're good, we don't want you to be good."

"I mean, don't give me that disgusting look where you're like, 'Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.'"

"Fundamentally different. Different. We're not brothers in the first place."

"Bastard Heinrich. Do you know your subject now?"

"Huh? Look at your eyes, asshole, what else are you going to do with your powers?"

"......."

"Are you going to kill me, like Kane and Samuel?"

"......what?"

Two royals who died in an accident.

When Alfons mentioned it, Heinrich felt something break inside of him.

As he was about to cross the line, German grabbed Alfons.

"Alphonse, stop, you're drunk."

"No, it's the look in his eyes."

But as if Heinrich's judgment was already skewed, Alfons approached Heinrich again, despite his brother's protests.

"Go for it, you filthy bastard, go for it, you're going to eat three royals because two wasn't enough?"

-Bang!

"Billion!"

But Alfons couldn't say any more.

German wasn't alone in his behavior.

Louise von Schwarz strode out of nowhere and slapped Alfons on the cheek.

"Nu, Nu......."

Alphonse's eyes flashed with terror, and he began to back away, hesitantly.

"You're talking about things that shouldn't be talked about, in places that shouldn't be talked about, all three of you. You men of the House of Schwarz are doing this with no dignity or prestige."

German froze, just as Alfons had frozen in fear.

Louise's cool gaze.

The Swordmaster's intimidating presence took everyone's breath away.

Louise's words left everyone speechless. Even Alfons von Schwarz went white at her arrival.

But Heinrich was different.

Heinrich was looking straight at Louise von Schwarz.

"Do you have any dignity and prestige to protect for a bastard who is not even recognized by his brothers?"

"......what?"

Louise von Schwarz's brows narrowed at Heinrich's evil snarl.

"What do you mean, I don't have any body parts to protect?"

Alfons and German were horrified.

The rightful heir and eldest daughter of the royal family.

He was appalled to see Louise von Schwarz so openly disagreeing with him.

There's no dignity and honor to be had from a bastard.

Louise von Schwarz gives Heinrich a cold stare, as if to say that he hasn't been treated like royalty, but is expected to defend it when necessary.

"That's enough. There's no point in discussing this further. There will be a time, a day, a place to talk about this."

Louise tried to organize her thoughts, as if she didn't even want to talk about it.

"Is there ever a time for that?"

"......what?"

"I asked him if that time ever comes."

At Heinrich's words, Louise's expression turned even colder.

"Are you ever going to tell me that before this war is over, when I'm like this, like now, where everyone despises me as a bastard and doesn't even treat me like a human being. When are you going to tell me that, and when are you going to tell me that......."

"The youngest."

Louise, who interrupted Heinrich mid-sentence, grabbed him by the shoulders and said, "I'm sorry.

"Stop your bastardized behavior."

"......."

What a bastard wouldn't do.

The act of arguing with brothers near the command barracks over topics that should not be discussed.

Heinrich's eyes widened and his mouth dropped open at the thought of such a lowly thing, royalty or not.

It's a story that's bound to confuse everyone. I was telling a story in a place where I didn't want it to go viral, and where it could go viral if I got it wrong.

Only a bastard could do that.

The words pierced Heinrich's heart.

Louise looks back at Heinrich, who is frozen in place, as well as her other two brothers.

"Alcohol is good for you......."

Alcohol.

Something that doesn't usually happen, but did today.

"But it looks like it's bad for you, so don't eat it in the future."

With those words, Ruiz returned to the command barracks.

Neither German nor Alfons said anything more to Heinrich, and they returned to their barracks in silence.

Heinrich stood in place for a while, unable to move for long.



* * *



Late at night, after the banquet.

Not all the troops were asleep. Even in the midst of a feast, monsters could still be lurking in the neighborhood of Sankerian, and some were tasked with staying awake in the dead of night to keep watch.

After a slightly ominous disturbance, silence descended on the area around the Cernstadt command center barracks.

But inside was a barracks that was still unlit.

"Sister, shouldn't you use your hands?"

"I don't know where he got the idea that he was a bastard, but you can't let that happen."

Alfons and German visited the barracks of their commander, Ruiz, in the middle of the night.

Louise was sitting on the cot listening to the story.

"The youngest might try to kill us."

"It's kind of weird that they don't."

"Now that they know, they're not going to think of us as brothers, and they're definitely going to try to do something."

"So, if you knew your youngest was going to do something extreme, why did you confirm it?"

"What? That....... that......."

"Why did you all create a crisis by not being able to say we're brothers, when you could have just said no to such a stupid question and that would have been the end of it?"

Under Ruiz's gaze, both Alfons and German were speechless.

"A crisis? Yes, a crisis. A crisis because I can't say a few nice words to a blood relative who has the power to annihilate entire armies with a wave of his hand. You despise him, you look down on him, you turn a blind eye to him, and now you're in this mess."

Both Alfons and German were at a loss for words.

"Is not your folly already a crisis for the House of Schwarz?"

"......."

"......."

Heinrich wouldn't have felt the same way if you'd treated him warmly.

But it's just pride.

Pride, not wanting to be treated like a bastardized child, and feelings of inferiority.

That ruined the whole situation.

Heinrich von Schwarz learned that he was illegitimate, and that the people he wanted to believe were his brothers were actually perceiving him differently.

The current state of affairs in Cernstadt is that there is no telling what Heinrich might do.

As commander-in-chief, commander-in-chief, and heir to Cernstadt, Louise von Schwarz must take responsibility for the shenanigans of her two foolish brothers.

"The source of the information seems to be the emperor?"

"......Yes, sister."

"He told me he was meeting with the Emperor in the barracks at the General Headquarters, and it pisses me off that he's friends with the Emperor......."

Alphonse was about to add a useless limb, but Louise's glare shut him up.

Louise von Schwarz doesn't know what the Emperor and Heinrich were talking about.

But Heinrich, who had come to see the Emperor, was impatient and asked if I was illegitimate.

That alone is enough to tell us what you talked to the emperor about without hearing it.

"I need to see the emperor."

Louise's stern expression had the air of someone who could chew the emperor to pieces.

But regardless of where the clue came from, it was German and Alfons' direct answer that caused the immediate problem.

"Don't do anything stupid until you talk to me."

"Yes."

"Yes, sister."

You have to use your hands.

Heinrich and the Schwarzes crossed an irreversible river.

Louise's plan to use Heinrich to elevate and exploit the Cernstadt forces, and to have the Schwarzes take the place of the Imperial House of Gradias before and after the war, was ruined.

"I don't even want to look at you. Get out of my sight, both of you."

"......."

"......."

After a brief toast, Louise stared after the brothers as they left.

'Emperor.......'

Bertus de Gradias.

Luiz had never imagined that he would feel the emperor's influence in this way, in this place.

Schism in the House of Schwarz.

Rather, they were caught in the emperor's crossfire.

To be more precise, he took advantage of the other two brothers' stupidity and Heinrich's frivolity.

If frivolity and stupidity can be predicted after illegitimacy, is there anything the Schwarz family hasn't figured out about the Empire?

She couldn't get it out of her mind.



* * *



Heinrich was sitting on his barracks bed.

It was late at night, but I couldn't fall asleep.

There's no way I'm going to be able to sleep at night after hearing that.

Bastard.

When Bertus told me the story, I had to admit that it was a possibility, but I was in denial.

No way.

I couldn't help but wonder if that made sense.

But that nonsense turned out to be true.

Heinrich felt his breath catch in his throat as he saw the contempt and disdain he'd been hiding.

So far, so good.

So that's what it was.

That was where the rejection and hatred of his brothers, which even he found difficult to understand, came from.

"Hmph......."

Heinrich chuckled.

Yeah, a bastard killed two royals.

It's a good thing he was exiled to the Temple instead of being killed. It's clear that the Schwarzes are not without their faults.

Hate it, but where is the end of hating?

But now that he knows the truth, Heinrich realizes how much the brothers who weren't brothers had to put up with.

I'll assume that the dismissive and disdainful behavior was unavoidable, and I'm glad I did it.

But.

Your brothers will kill you.

I couldn't help but feel the reality of that message.

Bastard.

Bastardization is growing in prominence and may one day surpass the influence of Louise von Schwarz.

They're not going to let that happen forever, and when the time is right, they'll take care of themselves.

I don't know who sent it, and I don't know how they got it.

However, Heinrich and his brothers had a conversation that shouldn't have been shared.

Heinrich knew he was illegitimate.

The brothers told him that Heinrich was illegitimate.

So I have a hunch that we're in for a very different ride.

The brothers will try to kill Heinrich because they don't know what he will do.

If so, when?

It could be tonight, it could be tomorrow, it could be during an operation later. Even if you know the date, you don't know the method. It could be poisoning, it could be assassination, it could be disguised as death in action.

Should I stay put?

What if his brothers are trying to kill him?

As Bertus says.

To survive, you must kill.

He must kill his brothers because he knows they will try to kill him.

But is it worth it?

Even if it's just to survive.

Is it right to kill your brothers in order to survive a war for the fate of humanity?

Heinrich sits still in the darkness of the barracks.

This is an overly vulnerable place.

No matter how thick the tents are, they're easily cut by blades, and unlike Ellen's barracks, Heinrich's has no locks or defenses. As with most barracks, there's no room for complaining.

The safety of the barracks itself is meaningless when the enemy is a monster, not a human, in the first place. This isn't a war of assassins and spies.

This entire garrison is too good for nighttime guests. Monsters don't sneak up on you.

"Hey."

"......!"

Just like now.

"Who, who!"

A man in black robes, who hadn't been there until now, suddenly emerged from the center of the barracks.

Heinrich's eyes widened as he summoned a flame in his right hand.

How can they act so quickly?

No matter what, right now?

While Heinrich was torn between attack and flight, the man in the robe removed his hood.

Not an assassin.

"Don't worry, it's me."

"You....... Are you."

But something more than an assassin.

He was told not to peck, but instead of pecking, Heinrich felt like his heart was going to explode.

"La, la....... Reinhard......?"

"Did you get the letter?"

Heinrich's eyes widened at the sight of the demon.

"Come on, come on....... No way....... You?"

"Yeah, we're friends."

Reinhardt chuckles and shrugs.

"Isn't it?"

Somehow, nothing seems to have changed.

Heinrich thought about it.

"Mmm....... Ugh....... That's a goal."

But Reinhardt was a little off, like he was under the influence of alcohol.





