Episode 535.





Heinrich stood frozen as Reinhardt entered his barracks.

Demons are a curse on humanity.

It's hard for Heinrich to believe that the Temple's Reinhardt and the world's most hated demon are one and the same, but it's not impossible.

Reinhardt is the devil.

And the devil is behind it all.

Knowing this, Heinrich was confused.

How is it that it is Reinhardt who is here, in front of me, at this moment, and who sent that letter?

"It's a thorn cushion."

As if he knew everything that was going on, Reinhardt blurted it out.

"We're not going to have a long conversation, so I'll keep it short."

"If you die here, it's a problem, and if you kill someone, it's a problem, and you know that, right?"

"Follow me."

"Just follow me, and I'll explain the rest of the issues."

"What happened so far."

"What are you going to do next."

"About what you can do."

We don't and can't have long conversations.

Heinrich could not help but freeze when he saw Reinhardt again, the man he thought he would never see.

How did he know he was going to die, where was he watching me, and where did he hear about my illegitimacy?

But Reinhardt showed up after Heinrich confirmed that he was illegitimate.

As if you've been waiting for this.

At the moment he realizes he has no place in the Alliance and is about to be killed, he shows up and offers his hand.

Let's leave the Alliance.

Heinrich didn't think he'd ever see Reinhardt again.

But I had envisioned that.

In the midst of so much death, so much despair that it's hard to call the Gate a tragedy.

Why the hell did they do this?

Did he really hate humans that much.

Even if the humans had destroyed your world, did it have to come to this?

I don't know you well, but from what I've seen of you, this is not who you are.

Was it all a mask and fake?

Was he hiding this vengeance under a mask?

But when Reinhard appeared in front of him, Heinrich couldn't ask him anything.

It never occurred to me that killing the demon would make me a hero to mankind.

I couldn't think of anything other than Reinhardt's topic.

Follow Reinhardt and you'll live.

Reinhardt's expression says everything happened for a reason.

In that look, Heinrich still doesn't know much about Reinhardt, but he does know one thing.

Reinhardt in Temple.

Reinhardt was a bully, but he wasn't evil.

I intuit that it was just the truth.

The gods were not wrong in their choice.

There was some reason, unknown to me, that this was bound to happen.

He had come to understand that his brothers wanted to kill him, and that one day they would.

So there's no place for you in Cernstadt County.

As Bertus says, even if you're in the General Command, you can't escape the influence of the Cernstadt Army.

As long as his origins as a member of the Schwarz family don't change, and the fact that he's an illegitimate child doesn't change.

Brothers will try to exclude themselves at some point.

It felt like an established fact to Heinrich now.

If you take the hand of the devil, you become a traitor to humanity.

Three people who somehow betrayed humanity and sided with the devil.

Olivia Ranze, Herriot de Saint-Ouen, Liana de Grants.

To those three names we add Heinrich von Schwarz.

Heinrich is well aware of the treatment of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, who is more dedicated to this war than anyone else.

If you side with the Devil, and if you are found to have sided with the Devil, the House of Schwarz will be treated the same as the Grand Duchess of Saint-Thuan.

A family with a traitor among its members.

The prestige of the House of Schwarz will plummet.

Plural.

What better way to get back at the brothers who despised and ignored you for being a bastard?

Whatever they dream of, isn't the royal family's image being tarnished by the betrayal of an illegitimate son the surest revenge for the pampering and neglect Heinrich has received thus far?

"......."

Heinrich stares at Reinhardt, who remains silent, waiting for his answer.

Siding with the demon guarantees one's own survival, and can bring great humiliation to one's brothers. They value honor above life, and they despise their illegitimate children.

The political fallout from having such a traitor in the Schwarz family would be enormous.

It would be laughable to tell you the truth: Heinrich von Schwarz was actually illegitimate. You've been using it to your advantage.

"I'm not going to ask you to make a quick decision, because it's not something that can be rushed."

Reinhard leans against one of the barracks' pillars, arms folded, silent.

You don't know if they don't think you're going to attack them, or if they're confident they can handle it.

Reinhard gives Heinrich time to think about it.

I think it's right to follow the devil.

If Reinhardt has a reason to do this, and it makes sense.

If this happened through a chain of unavoidable events rather than malice.

Reinhardt is only trying to save Heinrich's life by entering a place where he is the enemy.

He's trying to save her even though they weren't that close.

If that goodwill is true, there's no reason not to play into the devil's hands.

If staying with the Alliance is only going to make him more dangerous, then he needs to do something else, somewhere else, and he might as well piss off the Schwarzes, who have turned their backs on him.

But.

A royal family is a royal family.

The people are the people.

The House of Schwarz and the Cernstadt army are the main pillars of the Alliance.

Like the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine being blamed for the daughter he betrayed, never recognized for her devotion, and sentenced to death as punishment.

The wizards of the Duchy of St. Thuan were being treated the same way.

The sins of the monarch's family must be borne by the people.

If it became known that Heinrich had sided with the devil, not only would the Schwarzes be guilty, but the entire Cernstadt army.

Whatever happened to the Devil, it's a story for those in the know.

The Cairnstadt army will receive the same treatment as Archduke Saint-Thuan and his wizards.

This will lead to more than demoralization, it will lead to a split in the alliance. Even within Cernstadt's own ranks, there will be many who will feel a tremendous sense of betrayal.

Instead of being known for siding with the devil, you might be known for simply deserting.

Still, morale can't be helped.

Heinrich is the hero of the Cernstadt army.

Heroes, like Ellen, are valuable just for being.

There are some things you take on board.

Even if your brothers are trying to kill you, even if you're too short-sighted to do it.

You can't betray your people.

You can't leave people who believe in you, who find hope in you.

Heinrich doesn't ask Reinhardt much.

I had a lot of questions, but they became pointless.

Reinhardt came to his rescue.

So what choice would you make?

"You know, it's a lot different than it used to be."

"......."

"I'm not the flint you used to laugh at."

That sounds pretty arrogant, and Reinhardt smirks.

"Yeah, not so much anymore."

Heinrich can give Reinhardt back the words he used to laugh at him.

That much time has passed.

Instead of flint, you now have the superpower to burn volcanoes.

As powerful as he has become, some fear him and others find hope in him.

"So, I'm not so light on my ass anymore that I can do this or that just because you say so."

"Yeah, well, you've gotten pretty cocky."

Reinhardt, returning a stone-cold answer to a stone-cold answer, seemed to Heinrich no different than before.

"I can't go. I have to take care of my own business."

In response, Reinhardt holds still and stares into Heinrich's eyes.

"I said it doesn't matter if you die, it doesn't matter if you kill. Do you understand me correctly?"

"I understand."

Even if you get killed.

It's okay to kill.

You are responsible for your own work.

In the end, it all comes back to bite you in the ass.

No problem with being killed, no problem with killing.

If you follow the devil, you'll end up with a problem.

If everything is a problem, Heinrich just picks a problem.

"Yeah, well, if that's your choice, so be it."

The old Reinhardt would have used coercion when things didn't go his way.

"You're not the same person you used to be, are you?"

Heinrich chuckles, and Reinhardt smirks.

"Only you."

Reinhardt returned the favor.

Heinrich was surprised to see Reinhardt at this point, under these circumstances, but he had a question.

Nothing could be further from the truth.

"......Have you been drinking?"

Somehow, in the darkness, Reinhardt seems to be stirring, a little disoriented.

I had this weird feeling.

Reinhardt shakes his head at Heinrich's question.

"It's not alcohol, but....... Well, something like....... Whatever."

Reinhardt blinks, as if trying to regain his composure.

"Live, if you can."

With those words, Reinhardt disappeared into the darkness. How he disappeared, Heinrich could not tell.

"......."

As suddenly as he appeared, Reinhardt disappeared.

Suddenly, Heinrich realized what a ridiculous thing he had gotten himself into.

The devil has come for him.

I offered to help, and he declined.

Is this what happened in the real world?

Heinrich was stunned for a moment.



* * *



A place far from any Allied garrison. Scouts don't come this far.

"How did it go?"

"I said I'll take care of it."

"Ummm....... What number?"

"I don't know."

Sarkegar narrowed his eyes at my words as we left the garrison.

I was high on catnip and frozen in the Royal Class garrison when Sarkegar reported that something had happened.

It was an indescribable feeling of hell.

It's good, it's good, it's weird.

I can't believe I'm about to get high on catnip. And why the hell did Anna, that crazy bitch, even request a supply run to this garrison?

Anyway.

The story has already surfaced, and things are about to take a turn for the worse.

And Heinrich declined my offer to join him.

I also thought about what I would do if he tried to attack me, but luckily that didn't happen.

Seeing it with his own eyes, Heinrich was transformed.

There was no longer the same arrogant, cocky, and cheap young prince of Cernstadt.

I don't know if it's inevitable that people change after something like this, or if there was some other trigger.

If it were just an arrogant choice, I would have used coercion.

Heinrich seemed to be thinking about people other than himself.

He seemed to think he had a role to play in the Alliance.

We don't know if Heinrich's choice is just a one-size-fits-all or something else.

But we'll be able to deal with what comes next.

Do nothing.

The scribe's advice was that even if I tried to help Heinrich, my actions would be meaningless because Heinrich would refuse.

"What would you like to do?"

I crossed my arms at Sarkegar's words.

If there was already a rift, it was tightened.

Now that Heinrich has confirmed that he is illegitimate, and the other siblings have recognized it, their fear of each other will soon manifest itself in aggression.

Heinrich may die, or he may end up killing him.

The fragmentation of the coalition is inevitable.

Was I right to force Heinrich to come with me?

Unknown.

But Heinrich was different.

It's a decision made by a different guy.

I've become a guy who can think about more than just surviving.

But will that difference ensure Heinrich's survival?

variable, but it's too small and not something that will eventually change the environment.

As long as Heinrich remains with the Allies, that variable can't prevent events from happening.

No, something else could happen, like Heinrich murdering his brothers, and that would create another problem.

If Heinrich survives and the other brothers are killed, the Allied chaos is on schedule.

Is it right to ignore that?

I understand the scribe's advice to do nothing.

It would have meant that Heinrich would refuse my help.

Then another piece of advice.

How did Heinrich survive?

That vague advice.

I don't know what that means yet.

What does that even mean?

"......For now."

The only thing you should avoid is extremes.

Heinrich refused to help, but I will continue to monitor the situation.



* * *



Fourth day of the occupation of Senkerian.

The Allies were reorganizing for their next advance while simultaneously revising their plans for the next advance.

The word had already reached the high command that another weather event had occurred on the way to their next destination, and that the monsters had been all but eradicated.

Because of these things that most people don't know about, the Allies didn't have to devote troops to forward search, reconnaissance, and destruction as they had been doing.

This allowed for a significant amount of troop reserves.

The issue of combat fatigue is also critical to the military's ability to maintain combat power.

The cooperation of the Demon King was helping the Allies maintain their military strength in a significant way.

Among those beneficiaries were Saviolin Tana and Ellen Artorius, not to mention the psychics from the Temple.

Heinrich von Schwarz was also resting, as he hadn't been called into action since the capture of Sankt Gallien.

But for Heinrich von Schwarz, it was a break.

He learned the truth he didn't want to know: he was an illegitimate child.

And then I came face to face with someone who shouldn't be here.

As the brothers fell out, a frosty atmosphere ensued.

Still, Heinrich had tried to be as polite as possible to his brothers so far. While the brothers remained cold, disdainful, or sarcastic, there was no lack of conversation.

But the silence between the brothers was deadly.

Brothers know best.

That you're about to be killed.

It started with Louise von Schwarz.

Day five of the occupation of Senkerian.

With the march about to begin, Louise von Schwarz gathered her brothers together.

"The grounds around Sankerian are said to be 'secure,' but even a day like this will end when we start marching, so let's take a look around."

"......."

"I have a story to tell."

Heinrich nodded at Louise's words as she looked at him.

We talk about topics that are difficult to talk about.

Heinrich nodded, his expression grim.



* * *



The neighborhood of Sankerian was definitely monster-free.

The city won't be rebuilt because there's no one to live in it, but the reduction in the number of warp gates is significant in and of itself.

Without any vassals or escorts, the brothers of the House of Schwarz rode on horseback to inspect the neighborhood of Sankerian.

It was a walk in the park, not a horse inspection.

It's not really about purpose. I'm just here to say what I can't say in a place where there are plenty of ears to hear it.

It's all talk.

Heinrich paints a picture in his head.

It's true that the other siblings can handle weapons, but that doesn't mean much to Heinrich.

The threat is Louise von Schwarz.

A genius with an overwhelming five voices, he is the head of the Royal Knights of Cernstadt.

Plus, I'm already a master class veteran.

Would you be able to handle it if she tried to kill you?

Heinrich knows that Louise von Schwarz is not afraid to jump into battle and swing her sword.

Having watched Ellen and Savior Tana battle time and time again, I know how intimidating a weapon Master Class can be.

Heinrich's physical capabilities are not very high.

If Louise von Schwarz draws her sword and tries to kill herself, she can do so without much trouble.

But after that.

How to explain the untimely death of Heinrich von Schwarz and how to deal with the resulting morale downturn.

No life is too important to be lost.

That's why he can't easily be touched by his brothers.

So it's highly unlikely that Louise will try to kill you while you're out for a walk.

The area around Senkerian has already been cleaned up.

The excuse that monsters appeared and attacked Heinrich and killed him is not going to work at all.

So Louise von Schwarz is out of luck.

A different place, a different way, maybe, but not today.

But Louise von Schwarz, who said she was going to have a conversation, didn't say a word, just drove the horse to the front.

Alfons and German hadn't said anything either, until their sister spoke first.

I wonder how long it went in silence.

"......?"

In front of an abandoned building, Louise dismounted.

"Get off."

A spacious building that may have been used as a warehouse for a farmhouse.

Heinrich and the other brothers were baffled as to why nothing had been discussed beforehand.

Heinrich's face hardened as he looked at the entrance to the dingy warehouse.

I thought not.

Are you willing to deal with the noise.

You really think of yourself as such a big threat.

Heinrich watches as the other brothers dismount from their horses with meaningful smiles.

"I thought I told you to get off."

Louise stares at Heinrich with a cold gaze.

"It's ......."

If a fight breaks out, where and how.

Feeling his heart pounding, Heinrich dismounted.

Was I right to follow Reinhardt?

I think about it, but it doesn't make sense anymore.

It's just plain stupid to regret the hand you didn't hold.

Do you have to kill to live.

If you're going to do it, you might as well get a head start.

You must defeat Louise von Schwarz before your other siblings.

Your opponent is behind you.

There's no time like the present to get your hands dirty.

Heinrich follows quietly behind, ready to use his abilities.

Because if you don't want to die, you have to kill.

"......?"

But once inside the warehouse, Heinrich couldn't help but freeze up.

There was a person in the warehouse.

"......!"

"This, this is......?"

Five people in all, bound and gagged.

Five people were tied up and kneeling in a warehouse.

Louise von Schwarz draws her sword.

"Alfons. Germanic."

Louise von Schwarz stares at them.

"Who they are. Do you recognize them?"

"Nu....... 누님."

"Sister, why are they here......."

Heinrich doesn't know who the kneeling, chained men are. But Alfons and German seem to know them.

Louise von Schwarz draws the sword at her hip.

He looks down with a cold gaze as the five bound men scream in terror.

-skuck!

A blue-enchanted sword sliced through the throat of one.

Heinrich could only stare frozen at the blood gushing from the severed neck.

"The youngest."

After decapitating one, Louise looks at Heinrich with a calm gaze.

Neither Heinrich, nor Alfons, nor German, has any idea what's going on.

"You are a bastard."

-skuck!

The second person's head falls off.

-Whoa, whoa, whoa!

In an instant, they saw two throats slit and blood pouring out of them, and they began to gag and cry like animals.

But Louise doesn't stop there.

Without looking at the dying, Louise looks at Heinrich.

The bastard is correct.

That's already been confirmed. Why go over that again?

"By the way, do you know whose illegitimate child you are?"

Louise says, bringing her sword down on the nape of the third's neck.

"Who......?"

"Sister......? What the hell are you talking about.......?"

Both Alphonse and German are puzzled by this.

A strange, unrecognizable sound.

Strange words out of context.

Heinrich was frozen.

"You are the youngest, you are illegitimate."

"Nu....... 누님......?"

Heinrich's lips turned blue.

"Not my father, my bastard."

-skuck!

After a fourth and fifth blow to the neck, Louise looks at Heinrich.

"You, my son."

Louise looks at German and Alfons.

"Yeah, you wouldn't have known, because I hid it on purpose. Because I had to hide it too....... Because it was a promise I made to my father....... that he wouldn't kill Heinrich, so I kept it a secret. I couldn't tell anyone, so Alfons, German, I was forced to bend to your will....... Yes, that's how it's been all along......."

Louise stares at her brothers with sad eyes.

"By the way."

"Crawl."

"Finish."

"You tried so hard to kill my son."

"You two."

The dead were assassins who had been assigned to kill Heinrich in these few days.

"I thought you guys would never do something like this, no matter how much I hated you, no matter how much I hated you, I thought you would never do something like this......."

Heinrich was frozen, and Alfons and Germann, who had learned the truth about their illegitimate son, were white in the face as they met their sister's cold gaze.

"I can only kill you if I kill the youngest....... No, Heinrich. If my son can live. I, I must do it now. I can't stand by and watch any longer."

"Sister, something is wrong. Something....... something."

"No, no, no. This is ridiculous! What....... What are you trying to do......!"

Louise von Schwarz.

"I have to admit, I've had to kill someone to protect someone."

Swordmaster approaches his brother.

"Even if they are my brothers in blood."

Heinrich stood frozen, watching the brutal execution.





