Episode 537.





Heinrich refused to join them, but he wasn't about to let them die.

So as Sarkegar continued to report on the situation at the Cernstadt garrison, I kept an eye on the situation.

Sensing that this was going to happen, I followed behind them with Harriet.

I thought Louise von Schwarz was going to put her hands on Heinrich, but no.

Louise had killed her brothers in a fit of pique.

And the shocking truth: He was an illegitimate child, but not the king's illegitimate child, but Louise's illegitimate child.

Charlotte said.

At the mention of Heinrich's assassination, Louise von Schwarz said that there was no way she would do such a foolish thing.

The brothers conspire to assassinate Heinrich.

It wasn't a conspiracy of all the brothers, it was a conspiracy of two, or a conspiracy of three, or a conspiracy of two, or a conspiracy of three.

Louise von Schwarz had nothing to do with the original events in the first place.

He lost his son because he failed to calculate the folly of his brothers.

And whether he knew the truth of what happened or not, he was executed with the emperor's wrath.

In the original story, there's a story behind the events that happened too quickly for some reason or another that I don't understand.

That's just the way it was this time.

Charlotte's suspicion that Heinrich might be illegitimate.

And the truth that he was illegitimate, yes, but the illegitimate son of a princess, not a king and queen.

Something happened that didn't happen in the original, but Louise von Schwarz killed her brothers with her own hands instead of bystanders.

We don't know what event, what emotion, or what triggered it.

However, Heinrich survived.

Louise von Schwarz, who was supposed to be one of the main culprits, was actually the one who had to protect Heinrich.

From the way he looked after killing his brothers, it was clear that he was devastated that he had done it.

In the original, Louise doesn't get to choose her brothers, and she doesn't get to choose Heinrich.

Heinrich's death, and his own, were the result of his blind faith.

But for now, Louise has made her choice.

We don't know what excuses she, the commander of the Cernstadt army, will make for her brothers' deaths.

The dead two have a role to play, and it's going to cause problems, but it's better than having Ruiz or Heinrich dead.

I was told to be still.

I really just had to be still.

The world has changed, but I don't know exactly what has changed where or how.

Herriot and I left the abandoned warehouse area and ducked into the nearby woods.

"I don't know what happened, but....... Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, I don't think we need to worry about that."

He nodded at my words.

We know who actually tried to kill Heinrich, and it was Louise.

There will be noise and problems, but Heinrich's life will no longer be in danger.

If Louise von Schwarz had been an actual beast, things would have been more complicated, but thankfully she wasn't.

But then I discovered a more complicated family history.

The obvious scribe's advice was to stay and watch, because the changed world would show you the changed ending.

I couldn't help but notice the vague scribe's advice.

"Yeah....... That Heinrich had been alive all this time....... It didn't really make sense......."

"That's....... What do you mean?"

"If Heinrich was really the king's illegitimate son, there was no need to accept him into the royal family."

A queen is not a great person to recognize an illegitimate child.

Charlotte speculated that King Cernstadt might have been forced to do so by his stubbornness.

There were even members of the royal family killed by Heinrich.

But all I did was banish it to the template.

It's strange that Heinrich is still alive in the first place.

"Louise von Schwarz tried to save Heinrich somehow....... to save Heinrich."

"......Yes."

We don't know how or why Louise von Schwarz gave birth to Heinrich and how the secret has been kept until now.

But even the other royals had no idea he was Louise's illegitimate son.

The only people who know are the king, queen, and Louise herself.

In past incidents, Louise would have begged.

Please don't kill me.

Kill them, but don't. Let them live outside of our gaze.

Maybe that's what the deal was.

The only reason the illegitimate daughter of Louise von Schwarz, who would have been better off dead, is still alive today is because she is one of the most accomplished women in the history of the Schwarz family.

Just as Ruiz somehow used his position and positioning to save Heinrich's life.

Heinrich's very existence may have been a gag on Ruiz in some way.

Heinrich's life may have been held hostage to control Louise's behavior.

The Heinrich would have been used by the current King of Cernstadt to hold and shake the first princess.

So you survived.

Because we don't know what the heir to the kingdom will do if Heinrich dies.

Why Heinrich survived.

If he was only the king's illegitimate son, he should have been dead long ago, so why is he still alive when it's a given?

It was because Heinrich had a use and need for it.

Heinrich was important to Louise.

Heinrich was useful to the royal family.

Had I realized that truth, I would have known that Louise von Schwarz could not have been the culprit, and I would have been able to solve the case more easily, or at least look the other way.

The scribe's advice was something like this.

And the scribe's advice has the potential to do both good and bad things.

The good news is that we got through the assassination of Heinrich without too much bloodshed.

If it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, and other things that derive from it.

The possibility that one bad thing might lead to another bad thing.

"What....... What's going on?"

"Sure."

Bad things can happen at any time, and that's the battlefield.

Therefore, it was pointless to try to predict it.



* * *



Heinrich had always thought that no matter what he said, his brothers would listen.

But that was true for me, too.

'There you are, youngest, have a seat.'

"There's no reason for brothers to gather, and since you're not in our army and we don't see each other, I've invited you to eat.

"When this is all over, will you return to Cernstadt?

"Well, that's a shame.

"You must be tired, go inside and get some rest.

In retrospect, she was just a man of few words.

I was no different from my brothers or myself in reading too much meaning into those words and feeling sorry for myself.

They just didn't know.

I don't know how to deal with someone I haven't seen in a long time, someone I can't help but have mixed feelings about.

I just couldn't think of anything else to say about it.

As a naturally blunt person, there's only so much you can say to a more complex mind.

I was just misunderstanding the smallest thing that could be said in such a complicated mind.

He was no different than any other brother.

In the end, Louise made another extreme choice, killing her brother with her own hands, rather than the other two brothers who were willing to go to the extreme.

"......."

"......."

Return to your garrison.

The pace was slow and there was no conversation between Heinrich and Ruiz.

Louise's complexion was pale from having killed her brothers with her own hands, and Heinrich's was no different, having seen the spectacle before his eyes and heard the shocking truth.

There's no conversation going on.

It's not a conversation, and nothing has been organized yet.

Someone with a lot to say.

Someone with a lot of questions to ask.

No one is able to say anything.

"I'm sorry. Everything. Everything."

Two horses walk in silence.

"It's all....... My fault."

In the end, Louise could barely get that apology out.



* * *



The two princes of Cernstadt are dead. They were not publicly executed, but killed by Louise von Schwarz on her own initiative.

It wasn't legal, it wasn't procedural.

What Louise von Schwarz shared with the military was simple.

Missing.

The two princes also have their own factions.

But it doesn't hold a candle to Louise von Schwarz.

He may have deserted, but he may have faked his disappearance for the honor of the Schwarz family, and those in command knew there was more to the story than most people knew.

But Ruiz didn't explain anything.

As Emperor Bertus once said, it's a war for the greater good.

The disappearance or desertion of the two princes.

Or death.

It's a very big deal, but the commander-in-chief, Louise von Schwarz, is alive and well.

The gap between the two princes could be filled somehow, if only by reorganizing the chain of command.

In the end, the two irreplaceable beings survived and the two replaceable beings tried to kill the youngest because they feared their position would be jeopardized.

So the gap between the two lesser princes could easily be filled.

Emperor Bertus knows what happened, but he says nothing.

The Emperor is silent, and so is the High Command, who recognize that something is amiss.

The sudden disappearance of the two princes left the Cernstadt army in disarray, but not enough to start a schism.

He may have lost two legs, but he still had a head, so there was no fighting over who would be the next head.

The Allied forces leave Sankerian and begin to march toward their next location of operations.

The dust has settled, but the relationship can't be rebuilt.

Once a secret is told, it can't be taken back.

The assassination threat faded, and Heinrich realized he was his older sister's child.

"......."

"......."

It's not like they're on bad terms.

I killed my own brothers to protect my children, and I had to lie about it.

Louise von Schwarz killed her brother to protect her children.

We just don't know what to say to each other.

You don't know how to rebuild a relationship that was broken in the first place, and you don't know what bricks to lay.

Someone who has given birth, but never lived as a parent.

A person who was born, but never had parents.

No one knows what to say to rebuild this broken relationship from scratch.

Ruiz and Heinrich have not spoken since.

No personal conversations outside of work.

Not too long ago, it was just the usual greeting, but now it's gone.

I knew we could never be together, but somehow Heinrich and I seemed to have become less than each other.

At Louise's side was Heinrich, who led the troops on horseback without speaking.

Suddenly, Louise's entire body tensed as a voice penetrated her mind.

"I have a report for you, Commander.

"......what is it."

Telepathy.

Just as Heinrich receives communications from the General Headquarters telepathically from Ivia, the commanders of each unit receive the will of the General Headquarters telepathically in this way.

That's not to say there aren't messengers, communication magic, and the like, but telepathy is instantaneous and fast in that it requires no tools.

Of course, there were many high ranking officers who were quite uncomfortable with the unannounced nature of the telepaths, and many had their lieutenants listen to the telepaths instead of them.

Louise von Schwarz finds the telepathy quite distasteful.

Feeling like your turf is being invaded.

I had the bizarre feeling of seeing something that no one else could see.

But Ruiz isn't one to pass the buck.

'We've already destroyed the small warp gate on Lagirian, which was our next target, so the Alliance will continue to advance to Theta, rather than our next stop.

"Hmm....... Got it. Have fun."

"Aye, Commander.

Heinrich heard Louise talking to herself and realized that she was receiving telepathy.

Louise looks at Heinrich.

"The next area of operations has already been cleared, so we're moving on."

"I see......."

We don't have private conversations, but I felt compelled to have this dry one.

Heinrich watches as Louise sends word to her lieutenants about the army-wide dispatches. Heinrich watches as messengers ride to and from the marching troops on horseback to bring new operational changes to their respective commanders.

Louise sees an endless line of marchers.

It's nice to not have to fight to the death in your next zone of operations.

But isn't a longer march just another torture for the soldiers who will eventually have to walk that distance themselves?

Louise felt funny as she tried to figure out what was better.

Emperor, Bertus.

It was Bertus who told him directly that Heinrich would be killed if he didn't kill his brothers.

What if they had known that the youngest, Heinrich, was their illegitimate son?

"They would have wanted to kill him more.

Louise is not married.

If Louise von Schwarz were to die in this war, her eldest son, German von Schwarz, would be the next in line to the throne, not Louise, who still has no official children.

Deep down, you may have wanted Ruiz to die.

My suspicions are confirmed now that I know how foolish and short-sighted my brothers were.

If Louise von Schwarz were to die in battle, German would be the next in line to the Schwarz throne.

If that had happened, Alfons might have killed his brother out of jealousy that he had become the heir to the throne of Schwarz, something he never dreamed of doing.

Without Heinrich, Germanic might have tried to kill him, and then Alfons might have killed Germanic, and Alfons might have taken the throne of the House of Schwarz.

"......."

Louise laughed at herself for thinking that.

After killing my brothers with my own hands, the only reason to calculate their stupidity is to console myself that I killed them because they deserved it.

There are choices and there are consequences.

He killed his brothers because they tried to kill him.

Instead, the child survived.

Any other judgment is irrelevant.

I've never been able to tie the knot with a child.

It's not going to be okay as it is.

What happened, why it happened, and what was said. How you've resisted the urge to drop everything and run. How many times your life has been put on the scales.

How many days I've been forced to swallow my tears, thinking only of your well-being at the Temple.

Louise wanted to say all of that, but she couldn't because she knew it would end up being nothing more than an excuse for her failure to parent.

When the war is over.

Can we talk about it when it's all said and done?

When we've walked through the dark curtain of humanity's destiny, will we be able to tell the whole story?

Because this battlefield is too heavy to talk about sorrow and pain.

So, for now, this war story is all I can talk about.

"Youngest......."

Louise opened her mouth vaguely, but her tongue clamped down.

Is it right to call him the youngest?

But she can't call him her son. In the presence of watching eyes and listening ears, the eldest sister could not call the youngest her son, just as she could not bring up the subject of illegitimacy.

But Heinrich looks at Louise as if he understands.

"Yes, sister."

"......."

Things you know but can't say.

It was a look of full understanding. Louise bit her lip slightly, feeling miserable.

But this is a story about work, a story about war.

We can't let personal matters get in the way of saying what needs to be said.

"Do you think you are friendly with the Emperor Bertus?"

At the mention of the Emperor's name, Heinrich is silent for a moment.

"To be honest, I don't think....... I don't think we're close, but we've been in the same class at Temple, so I'm pretty sure that......."

"I see."

Had it not been for the words of the Emperor Bertus, he himself might have lost Heinrich for failing to calculate the folly of his brothers.

And the Emperor knew that Heinrich was his illegitimate son, and even the name of the man he had once loved.

But that's not what she's thinking about right now.

"The command in chief is hiding something."

Excessive rate of advance, extreme weather events, and preemptive clearing of an area of operations.

Bad things keep happening to the Allies.

Ellen Artorius, Saviolin Tana, and Shanapelle, imperial mages.

It's possible to achieve this speed if you're pulling out all the stops, but Luiz couldn't help but feel that the process was a bit rushed.

"What are they hiding. Do you know?"

At Louise's question, Heinrich stares at the marching path.

"......I don't know."

Just like Heinrich doesn't really know his mother.

Louise doesn't know her son very well.

However, we now know one.

"I see......."

Louise realized that her son was not a good liar.





