Episode 539.





Serandia, the largest metropolis in southern Ryzeln.

Up until now, you've been using five separate armies to secure your march.

But for now, it's a preemptive strike to clear out the monsters at the center of what should be called the eye of the storm.

Load Vampire Five.

And the paladins of the Holy Order and the wizards and powerful demons of the Vampire Council.

Olivia, Harriet, Liana, Airi, and me.

The bulk of our army was under the cover of the Heriot's spread, looking down on Serandia from the heights.

Cities are shaped like the ecliptic.

A metropolis divided into north-south sections with the mighty Rajie River running through the center.

But the city was only a trace, and the area was already overrun by monsters.

Herriot mumbles in exasperation.

"The monsters......."

-Grrrrr!

-Kaahhhhh!

-OffOffOffOff!

Not only were there monsters the size of skyscrapers from my previous life roaming around, but at their feet were monsters of all shapes and sizes, swarming like a swarm of ants.

There were flying monsters that filled the sky with blackness, and there were monsters that stood out amongst the rest.

While not the last of the otherworldly dragons to be faced, a large dragon-like creature had already appeared.

Not only are the monsters more numerous, but they're also more powerful than ever.

As the gate crisis intensifies, the monsters behave as if they are guarding a warp gate.

The good news is that the boss monsters, as they should be called, don't produce more than a certain number of them.

I didn't see too many warp gates spitting out monsters from the high ground as they were saturated.

But if the monsters in the neighborhood are pushed back, they'll start churning out monsters again at an incredible rate.

Even with the best and brightest we've gathered.

-OffOffOffOff!

It's impossible to eradicate all of these monstrous creatures that seem to number in the hundreds of thousands.

It's a monstrous hell on earth.

It was almost like the world was black.

This is what you have to deal with.

And it's going to get more and more and more dangerous.

Despite being surrounded by non-humans and those accustomed to killing, no one seemed to be unnerved by this infernal map, and that included me.

"They've detected us."

We're in a place where Serandia is now in sight, even if it's on the outskirts.

So it's no surprise that there were monsters around us, and it's no surprise that there were monsters that could sense our cloak and recognize us.

"Let's get started."

At my command, the Lord Vampire and the clan's mages begin to chant their magic.

Riana, who had already been preparing, was also focusing her efforts.

Riana's abilities cannot be used offensively when a large army is engaged in an all-out war. She'll get wiped out.

Once again.

-Currrrrr!

In the distance, close to the horizon, a giant tornado erupts and begins to sweep the monsters away.

Waves of monsters rush toward us.

"All hands, battle formations!"

Olivia raises her magic sword, Tiamata, and calls out.

-Kurrrrrr

While the absolute numbers are small, Olivia can summon an army.

An army of the dead.

-Grrrrrr

Hundreds of Death Knights begin to crawl out of the ground in response to Olivia's use of Kier's Holy Power and Tiamata.

A single Death Knight was enough to overpower me, who was used to enchantments.

"Death, lead us."

The paladins of the Holy Order, as well as Olivia, begin to strengthen their own bodies and the bodies of the Death Knights she summons.

Monsters don't have strategies and tactics.

But the best strategy and tactics have always been to outnumber the enemy, to be stronger than the enemy.

Be many and be strong.

The numbers themselves are already a strategy and a tactic.

Such a number.

An overwhelming number of monsters begin to charge at us.

While the mages cast large-scale spells together and Riana creates extreme weather events, Olivia Ranze and the priests and Deathknights of the Holy Order protect them.

That's not all.

-Take care of yourself, Ugren.

-Grrr....... Human. Power up.

A priest riding on the shoulders of an ogre over five meters tall begins to chant holy magic, and the ogre's flesh glows with radiance.

The ogre's tendons, thicker than a human finger, begin to bulge up his forearm.

Humans, vampires, and demons.

-krrrr

The two Lycanslopes also have a shape.

-To the great ancestors, and to the devil!

-Grrrrrr!

The orcs, too, were covered in blue earwax.

They follow the galashi after the nana shallots. Same okra.

Galarsh didn't seem to like it, but he'd lived too long to have a racial identity.

Undead, demons, and humans.

A small army of only a few hundred men.

-knowwhat!

A horde of monsters and the strangest army in the world are about to collide.

The great iron rod the ogre wields glows with holy light.

-Bam!

The head of the giant monster that was charging the ogre is blown off, and the ogre roars.

-Goddamn!

-Ach, my ears are falling off!

Waves of monsters come crashing in, and the Death Knights, Olivia, and the demons defend the Wizard and Riana against them.

-Kwalung! Kwalung!

Despite the weather, Riana summoned a lightning storm from the sky, blasting away the monsters as they fell.

It's blocking it.

It's definitely holding up.

But as the monsters who can sense magic and see through it attack us first, the ones who can't sense it realize we're coming and soon begin to close in.

It was an exhilarating sight to behold, like waves rolling in to crash over us.

-Currrrrr!

Fireworks.

As he projected his magic at the oncoming monsters, the earth ignited and vast areas were engulfed in flames.

-knowwhat!

Small and medium-sized monsters that are not large enough to withstand the flames, or that are not naturally immune to them, will begin to die in the firestorm.

Nevertheless, the surviving monsters are pushed back and crushed by Olivia and the Death Knights.

The howls of monsters, the shouts of ogres, and the lore of Lycanthrope shake the land.

The swarms of flying monsters in the sky were also aware of us and darted at us.

"Suck!"

Blue lines of energy surge through Herriot's body, and space begins to warp around a point in the sky.

-chiyiying

Dozens of bizarre refractions of light appear, as if the world is warped.

After.

-Crackle!

A massive shockwave is unleashed, shaking the earth as well as the heavens above.

Shockwave.

The wings of the flying monsters shooting down toward us are torn off and their bodies explode.

A shockwave from the heavens tore apart or crashed a thousand monsters flying toward us.

Our individual power is worth a hundred bucks a day.

However, we're not one in a hundred, we're one in a thousand.

There are tons of them.

The third tornado unleashed by Riana begins to tear through the land.

Even though the tornado was in a faraway place, we could almost feel the earth-tearing winds.

Even this far away, the wind pressure was palpable, and the tornadoes were uprooting trees and screaming monsters.

Deathknights and demons crush enemies who get too close, whether it's with flames or thunderbolts.

Does this make sense?

How does it make sense that so many monsters appear, and even if you kill them, they keep appearing unless you break the warp gate.

I feel a vague sense of despair at the absurdity I've created.

Even if you kill it, it comes back.

The warp gate, once a boon to humans, becomes their most dangerous scourge.

The tragedy, or rather the absurdity, of my haphazard, half-assed thinking makes me realize what a shallow human being I am.

-Grrrrrr!

In the vague sight of waves of creatures crashing in.

I'm doing this to find salvation, but.

I know that one day this tragedy will end.

How many people will have to die, and how many will be sacrificed.

Who dies.

Who will survive.

-Crunch!

A lightning-breathing creature reduces one Death Knight to ash, and Olivia climbs on top of it, stomping on its feet and knees, and plunges her magic sword Tiamata into it as if it were an acrobat.

-Die, die and answer the call of the powers that be.

Olivia whispers a curse. A black flash of light from her blade pierces the creature's brain.

-Swoosh!

The lightning-breathing creature suddenly turns its head and begins spewing thunderbolts at the oncoming monsters.

-Crunch!

The Thunderbolt, which used to burn Deathknight, now burns monsters to death.

Olivia raises the Tiamata, and the darkness that pours from it takes hold of the bodies of the monsters that have died.

The decapitated and dismembered monsters are brought back to life by the demon's power and begin to run toward them in the opposite direction.

Bite, rip, tear.

The more enemies you kill, the more bodies you have, the more powerful you become.

The monsters that came at us in waves are now waves of the undead, rushing toward you.

Despair is replaced by desperation.

Olivia Ranze, with her demonic powers wrapped around her, was almost dominating this battlefield.

The tables were turned when the dead monsters woke up and started pushing on our side.

Instead of protecting the mages from the monsters, they start pushing the horde.

The power to raise the dead, including necromancy.

Class B's Anna de Guerna also joins the fray this way.

But Olivia manifests this power not through magic, but through the power of God.

The scale and impact was overwhelming.

But even then, it's only a small bulwark against the tsunami.

The longer we fight, the more the hordes of Serandia's monsters will eventually focus on this small disturbance, and the larger our fight becomes, the more the others will flock to us.

As the scale of the fight grows, so do our limits.

A few hundred men is not enough to fight a war against hundreds of thousands. Even if they were a force to be reckoned with, the enemy would be in the hundreds of thousands, and even then they would be constantly replenished.

But we're not here for a suicide mission.

We're buying time.

Time for Riana to summon Tornado.

And.

-Woof!

Archmage of Five.

And time for the vampires of the Vampire Council to complete their magic.

-Currrrr!

The magical storm shook the earth as if it were an earthquake.

I've never seen it before.

You don't know what happens when you hit this level of magic, this level of power.

When Akrich and Rukren manifested, I could see countless shooting stars pouring out of the torn void in the sky.

And now.

The magic of five ancient beings and the wizards they bred.

Summon Meteor Shower.

As if the fist of a god had struck the mirror that is the sky.

A blue sky, torn and fragmented, with a dull night sky.

The darkness of the void and the constellations and galaxies within it were projected.

And from there, rays of light begin to fall.

Even in the midst of a life-or-death battle, it was a surreal sight to behold.

Thousands of bundles of light, originating in the distant heavens.

As the meteor strikes the atmosphere, it plummets toward the earth, bathed in a white flame that can burn away the day, even in broad daylight.

Hundreds of beams of light, seemingly slow but actually faster than sound, continued to fall from the rift in the Void, descending toward the earth.

"This is......."

I don't want to bring about the end of the world in the name of stopping the gate.

This is what they mean when they say you burn thatch trying to get rid of bedbugs.

A large meteor was enough to make that anxiety overwhelm me.

Slowly but surely, the meteors plummeting to Earth were picking up speed.

It's not about being faster.

The closer you get, the more realistic the speed becomes.

Tornadoes rage on the ground and meteors rain down from the sky.

Crush the monster-infested hells with natural disasters.

A meteor strikes a distant land near the horizon.

-Flash!

With a flash, a massive explosion engulfed the area.

That was the beginning.

-blink!

-Currrrrrr!

With a roar that tore through the atmosphere, the meteor began to vaporize the neighborhood of Serandia.

I fervently hoped that those flashes would blow the warp gate away as well.

I could only pray at the same time that the meteor wouldn't destroy the world.

A meteor struck the world, and its impact sent flying creatures flying, torn apart, and crashing to the ground.

The monsters on the ground disappear with the crater.

But hopelessly, I couldn't erase all the monsters.

It fell over such a vast area that where the meteor didn't hit, there were still monsters, and they still outnumbered us.

-Koo-koo-koo-koo!

And hoping for a meteor to hit the warp gate was like hoping for good luck.

You can summon meteors, but you can't aim them.

The warp gate was affected by the meteor strike, but it did not shatter.

Due to the strength of the gate itself, the gate was able to withstand the impact of the meteorite impact blast.

We were hoping for a giant meteor to make a direct hit on the top of the warp gate, but that didn't happen.

But the point is, there were monsters everywhere, and they were clearly being slaughtered in a shower of meteors.

The number of monsters is shrinking dramatically, and it's an ongoing process.

But monsters are also pouring out of the warp gate.

I already knew that a meteor shower might kill the monsters, but a direct hit on the warp gate would be crossing my fingers.

"Herriot!"

"Yes!"

At my call, Herriot leapt through space and landed right next to me.

"Let's go."

I begin my descent into the meteor shower and stormy inferno.

Destroy the warp gate.

With my own hands.

By the time the Allies arrived, it would have been replenished to the point where monsters would be everywhere, if not at this level.

At this very moment, the monsters are dwindling dramatically.

The time for the elite few to get their hands dirty is now.

It doesn't know how far it can go, but it will destroy as much as it can and get away with it.

The rushers are me and Harriet de Saint-Ouen.

Only two.

-Crunch!

A storm of thunderbolts summoned by Riana was clearing a path for us as we raced toward Serandia.





