Episode 543.





Battle for Serandia.

While monsters breathe fire and lightning, humans pour thunder and flame from their fingertips.

In the killing fields where winter had long since receded, there was little difference between human life and monster life.

Flames, whether spewed by the monsters or the mages, crisscrossed the skies in massive explosions, while rear-mounted artillery crushed, burned, or froze the creatures to death.

-No!

With a single jerk of the monster's jaw, the bisected soldier died before he could even scream.

-Bam!

And it was only a matter of moments before a blunt hammer to the gills crushed the creature's skull.

-Bang!

Soon, the creature that lunged at the hammer wielder was met with a white glowing shield.

-Bang!

The paladin, who has been knocked back with a shield and then hit in the head with a hammer, looks around.

-Woof!

The white light from the paladin's body began to heal the wounds of the wounded soldiers lying around.

There's no point in licking your wounds.

Adriana could only watch as the soldier with the shoulder blades cut off by her divine power was bitten in the head by another creature that lunged at it, crushing it instantly.

"Suck!"

Paladins are the medics and assault troops of the battlefield.

In the most dangerous places on the battlefield, paladins are the ones who can heal the wounded who should be dead and make them run for their lives.

Aside from that, Paladins can heal wounded soldiers in the field, restoring them to combat strength.

However, it is the Paladin who has to watch the lives he saves disappear the most.

I feel even more despair because there is hope.

You can't save someone if you don't have the power to heal, so choke back tears at the sight of the wounded, but focus on the fight.

But the paladins have saved so many lives, only to watch them slip away.

I've watched lives slip away as I've fought and rescued people from the gate crisis.

Why I've never shed a tear.

The number of enemies I've had is uncountable.

But tears cannot reverse death.

Oyelowo can do nothing but remember those who are gone.

Only power.

Only fight.

Only this, a heavy, blunt hammer.

This hammer of judgment, which I switched to after I realized I was more comfortable crushing monsters than killing them with my sword.

This violence, this tearing and crushing of the enemy, is the only good, the only justice on this bloody battlefield.

-Bam!

"Hahahaha!"

-Bam!

Realizing that there is no such thing as justice beyond killing her enemies, Adriana wields the Hammer of Judgment.

Adriana is strong.

Though not a masterclass, Moonshine made him a superhuman, and he is even better than other superhumans at enhancing his body with divine power.

It's impossible to compare Adriana's abilities to those of a regular soldier.

But you can't protect everyone.

I've seen too many lives lost to save.

I've learned through countless battles that it's pointless to fight to protect.

I've been there, done that, fought for it, and put myself in harm's way.

But.

Still.

Adriana cannot turn away from the fallen.

Like when the junior who was hated by everyone was about to make a reckless move, you lent a helping hand, even though you knew you didn't have to.

Adriana hasn't changed.

Failed to change.

-Crack!

"!"

By the time she saw the bison-sized creature lunge at the fallen soldier, fangs gleaming, Adriana was already in the way of the creature's advance on the fallen soldier.

-Bang!

"Boom!"

Unable to bear the weight of the lunge, Adriana bounces off and rolls on the floor.

Fallen.

On the battlefield, if you fall out of position once, you may die before you can get back up.

Gasping at the shock that traveled through her shields, Adriana saw the creature lunge at her, gaping at her.

Exactly the nape of the neck.

Before I can get my stance right, I can't give my neck and miss my weapon.

Adriana reaches out with her right hand to the creature's gills.

-Carded!

"K......gh!"

-Crack! Krrrrr!

Your plate armor is crumpling badly.

-Woof, woof, woof!

"Off......h......."

The monster's teeth sink into Adriana's right arm, despite the protection of her armor.

Adriana is strong, but monsters can't predict her strength.

Some are woefully weak, but a simple bite can pierce even divinely protected armor and enchanted defenses.

At this rate, your arm will be torn off, and then your life.

"Ugh......!"

-Thump!

Even when you're on the ground and the monster's gills are crushing your arm in real time right in front of your face.

-Thump! Thump!

-Crack! Krrrrr!

Adriana strikes the creature in the head with the shield on her left arm.

The shield blade slashes at the creature's head, its red eyes glowing as if it won't let go, even in death.

A fight to see which arm breaks first, or the monster's head.

-Bam!

"Off....... Eek......!"

-Puck! Puck! Puck! Puck!

-to......x.......

One of the creature's heads was smashed off, and its body was left limp.

Adriana tries to open the gaping maw of the monster, which refuses to let go of her arm, even though she is dead.

There is not one enemy.

You need to get up.

If it can't get up, it dies.

Adriana desperately tries to open the monster's gills, which are now closed even more tightly because it's already dead.

There is no one to look out for you.

On the battlefield, everyone is on their own.

The soldier Adriana had saved was already bleeding from the nape of her neck, having been decapitated by another monster before she could throw herself down.

So many people fight alongside each other, but so few are willing to take their own lives. Very few, like Adriana, fight to protect others.

-Grrrrr!

And before she could pull her arm out of the creature's mouth, Adriana could see it charging across the battlefield.

It is approximately six meters in size.

Ordinary soldiers can't handle it.

They weren't coming to attack him, but with a single stomp of the creature's foot, dozens of soldiers were flying through the air, trampled and crushed.

You're confident in the monster's path.

"Ah....... Argh! Argh!"

You must somehow open the closed gills of the monster before you can get out of its path or deal with it.

It's too late.

Should I throw up my arms.

Because it's better to have your arm cut off than to die.

But how do you cut off your arm in this situation.

The monster had reached Adriana's nose.

And when Adriana finally gritted her teeth and tried to bring her elbow down with the shield blade that had crushed the monster's head.

-Digitize!

There was a spark in the air, similar to a thunderbolt, and something appeared.

What appeared as a spatial shift was a grayish metallic thing the size of a giant.

-Whoosh!

-Bam!

Adriana watched in disbelief as the giant's head exploded from the massive grayish-white metal.

"Golem......."

A giant iron golem appeared and began to trample and crush the monster.

-Golem!

-The Archduke's golem!

Just as Adriana's life was saved by the appearance of the golem, the other soldiers cheered as the giant golem began to fight alongside them on the battlefield.

Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

Though overshadowed by the betrayal of his youngest daughter, no one can deny the skill of the Archduke and the wizards of the Duchy of Saint-Tuan.

In fact, the Archduke, who had also participated in the Demon War, was using his golems to crush the monsters of the Gate.

-Bam!

-Woof!

Adriana sees the golems in action before her, and she jams her shield into the monster's gills, twisting them open.

"Ugh......!"

I could feel the bones in my right upper arm completely shattered.

-Woof!

Just as she can restore others, Adriana can restore her own body.

With her recovered arm, Adriana stands up, picking up the fallen hammer.

The golems of the duchy fight together.

The Iron Golem was battling a large group of monsters that were ravaging the battlefield as befits their size.

Adriana runs after the Iron Golem.

I recite it like a prayer as I run.

"Gods."

The young priestess says.

"Five Lords."

"With these tears."

"This fatigue."

"So many tears."

"So much fatigue."

"What exactly are you trying to accomplish?"

Drunk on monster and human blood, Adriana cries out in despair, but with her eyes alive.

For what a beautiful paradise the world we will create with our tears and blood.

Why do the gods want so much death and tears?

-Thump!

Amidst the piles of flesh of fallen and crushed monsters, Adriana slams her blood-soaked hammer to the ground and surveys the battlefield in a daze.

-Kang! Kaang!

A giant golem swept across the battlefield, terrifying to see, and suddenly the sky darkened and something plummeted to the ground.

-Kuung

"Drag......gon......?"

A monster with a pair of wings, a massive fuselage, and a lizard's head.

The mere impact of the creature, already three times the size of the massive Iron Golem, landing on the ground caused countless soldiers and monsters alike to stumble and fall.

The dragon was over six meters tall and looked down at the monster as if it were a toy.

The dragon opens its gaping maw at the Iron Golem.

-knowwhat!

-Currrrrr!

Searing flames erupt from the dragon's maw and rain down on the Iron Golem.

"ah......."

The golem of steel, which had seemed to pierce through the waves of monsters and crush them all, was burned to a crisp by a single breath of flame from an even greater monster, and turned to ash.

Strong monsters.

A human creation that is stronger than that.

But a bigger, stronger monster than that.

Humans are strong, but.

Anything can be a monster.

Adriana could not help but stiffen at the sight of the charred remains of the golem and the dragon that stood like a mountain before it.

Monsters don't despair, but humans do.

Adriana grabs the hammer with trembling hands.

Then, raise your shield.

I'm desperate, but I can't let myself fall.

Adriana runs toward the dragon, which opens its gaping maw at her with a shield over its entire body.

-Currrrrr!

As she watches the breath of fire that melted the Iron Golem pour down on her, Adriana anticipates the path of the flames and flings herself to the side.

A behemoth is a behemoth.

You may be too small to win.

But since it's small, it might be a little more immune to the beast's attacks.

It's ridiculous to talk about odds.

If every fight is a dice roll between survival and death.

It is the fate of a soldier in a war to be on the wrong side of death at some point, as long as he has to fight an immeasurable number of battles.

Nevertheless, Adriana runs from the earth-melting flames and eventually lands under the jaws of a giant dragon.

I know the flip side of death is bound to come out at some point.

You've made up your mind to fight.

Like extending a hand of salvation to those who would die only to live again.

Fighting a losing battle.

Foolishly, I decided to continue.

"Suck!"

Reaching the creature's head, Adriana leaps out from underneath it and climbs on top of it, using the horns that have sprouted from the dragon's head as handholds.

Even the head of the creature, which was larger than his own, breathed flames that melted iron, and he could feel the heat from it that no human could stand.

-Bam!

While holding the dragon's horns with her left hand, Adriana smashes the dragon's head with the hammer in her right hand.

-knowwhat!

I don't have to worry about whether it will work.

Even if you can't break it, someone will survive just by not letting it breathe flames.

If you die next, you won't die now.

That's it.

We can't do more than that, but if we can keep it for now, that's good enough.

-knowwhat!

To keep from falling off the wildly shaking dragon's head, Adriana grabs the horns with her left hand, while she slams the hammer down with her right.

-Bang, bang, bang!

Even a kendo spear won't fit through this thick leather.

Not even the most mundane magic will be able to harm this monster.

To kill the monster with the impenetrable hide, Adriana threw away her sword.

It is to slay monsters like this that I have forsaken my long-trained sword and taken up my hammer.

-Whoosh!

In a flurry of activity that threatens to blow away reason, Adriana raises the hammer.

-Bang!

Gods.

-Bang!

If everything is yours, what is at the end of the line?

Gods.

-Bam!

Five weeks.

-Bam!

I hate you.

-knowwhat!

The hammering of a god-hating priest continues as he attempts to crush a giant boulder named the Dragon.

The world may not belong to humans.

At the very least, it should belong to the living.

It shouldn't belong to these creatures of madness, who have nothing but destructive instincts.

You can't call that a world.

"Hhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Creatures beyond reason.

Toward the Beast of Destruction, where there is no such thing as Tao as a living thing.

Adriana's hammer, raised to the sky, glows with an intense white light.

Destroy the unreasonable.

Toward a beast, a machine where reason does not exist.

Adriana slams the hammer down with pure hatred.

-Bam!

Before the hammer could strike, a white bolt of lightning struck from the sky, piercing the dragon's head.

-knowwhat!

The dragon raises its head with a cacophonous terminus, but soon the behemoth collapses, its head falling with it.

-Kuung.......

"Ha ha....... Ha ha....... ha ha......."

Adriana lands just before the monster's head touches the ground and stares in disbelief at what she's done.

I don't understand what happened.

But the monster was killed by a hammer through the center of its head.

The monster fell to the paltry weapon, a toothpick compared to the behemoth.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

Catching her breath, Adriana looks at herself as if she were looking at a miracle worker, and meets the gazes of many soldiers.

-Ooooo.......

-Five Lords.......

The soldiers pay their respects to the gods even in the midst of this harsh battle, knowing that Adriana is cloaked in white light, a sign of her divinity.

Miraculous.

It's nothing short of a miracle.

Adriana looks up at the battlefield sky in disbelief.

The fight isn't over because one giant monster is dead.

Miracles like this are not uncommon on the battlefield, and tragedies like this are immeasurable.

Unless we see an end to the war, these monsters will continue to appear.

Is there even an end to this fight, with so many of them?

A desperate battlefield of waves of monsters, flames, lightning, and cold.

I wonder if there is an exit from this hell where there is nothing but bloodshed everywhere.

Adriana smashes the dragon, but despairs.

It's hard not to despair when you see monsters of similar size, or even larger, coming your way.

How many more miracles do we need.

Does it ever end.

In her post-miracle despair, Adriana is devastated.

The end of this hell.

Anyone is welcome.

End this hell.

Because it's exhausting to kill, it's exhausting to die, and it's even more exhausting to watch someone die.

The end of the world.

An end to this pain, despair, and fear.

Import.

-Thump!

-Koo-koo-kung!

From afar.

Adriana watches as dozens of flashes cross the battlefield.

-skuck!

-Quizik!

Its dozens of beams of light cut, crushed, and smashed every monster it touched, flying past the soldiers as if they were flying across the battlefield.

It's not a flash.

A being with blue magic all over its body.

The superhuman of superhumans.

Here come the mighty men of humanity for a master class.

One of those rays, Adriana saw it brush past her as she ran across the battlefield.

Dozens of flashes as Adriana stepped on the carcass of a slain dragon.

One of those flashes.

"......Ellen."

Ellen Artorius.

He could swear he saw the impassive eyes of someone walking past him, glancing at him for a moment, then back at the road ahead.

-Whoosh!

It was a wild, sharp rush that felt like a gust of wind, even though it was just a human passing by.

Warrior, Ellen Artorius, leads a master class of shortstops through the battlefield.

Every monster in its path is blown up, shattered, sliced, and trampled into oblivion.

That eerily calm, sunken expression.

Adriana finds relief in that indifference.

The other soldiers are no different.

The expression of a warrior, not panicked, not scared, not sad, but not overly confident either.

People believe in the calmness of a warrior.

I trust that stoicism, that look of the inhuman warrior.

Because it's something beyond humanity, there's an uncanny trust that it can do what humans can't, and that trust becomes faith in the impossible things the warrior accomplishes.

A seemingly emotionless warrior.

The person who will bring an end to all this.

-Scourer!

Leaping high into the air, Ellen Artorius swings her sword once at a monster as large as a mountain.

-skuck!

With a single swipe of the dark shroud that stretches from the massive Voidblade, the mountainous creature collapses, spewing blood.

Adriana had to fight for her life against a monster smaller than that.

But as they say, one strike is all it takes to kill a beast, and for Ellen Artorius, it only took one.

-Currrrrr!

Then, a whip of flame from his cloak of sunlight scorches the earth, burning thousands of monsters to death in an instant.

A calm expression and a fierce force that is anything but.

Overwhelmingly uninspired.

The warrior advances through the waves of monsters.

Led by such warriors, superhumans cross the battlefield like beams of light.

Overwhelmingly strong.

Overwhelmingly favorable.

How could people not find hope in Ellen?

Adriana's miracle is a daily occurrence for Ellen.

The monster, which Adriana can only kill by a miracle, is stunned to death by Ellen's blow.

That's why they're called warriors.

Adriana feels it as she watches the warrior and the shortstop following him through the waves of monsters.

It may be hopeless.

Maybe they can do it.

If he's that strong, this war could be over.

That's why a warrior can't help but become a believer.

They will destroy the warp gate.

This will bring everything to an end.

To believe that they will end all times of sorrow and hatred.

"Whoa......."

Adriana picked up the hammer again.





