Episode 547.





All warp gates in Serandia, a large city south of Ryzeln, have been destroyed.

After all, all armies, even Titans, are actually decoys.

Ellen Artorius.

Saviolin Tana.

A force led by them alone would self-destruct in waves of monsters. With so many variables blocking magic, including spatial travel, it was becoming impossible to quickly deploy and escape through magic.

That's why you need others to draw attention to the monsters.

Those who are weaker and can be replenished by death are the bait.

Bait by a cruel dichotomy, they attract the attention of monsters that are more than even Ellen or Savior Tana can handle. They break through the loose monstrous encirclement and maneuver to destroy the warp gate.

In the end, it's the same as taking unimaginable risks with bait and switch or core troops.

Of course, destroying all the warp gates doesn't mean the battle is over.

The occupation of Serandia will not end until the monsters that are already here have been exterminated, and the surrounding lands have been secured.

There was no time to rest for Ellen and other individually powerful fighters.

Even after all of Serandia's warp gates were destroyed, they still had to leave to exterminate the monsters that were swarming around Serandia.

After an arduous march, a terrible battle was fought, and victory was won.

But those who had to fight the hardest battles still couldn't rest.

Throughout Serandia, there were still the cries of monsters and the smoke of burning corpses.



* * *



Casualties are inevitable in war. But the Crusader Knights are the last of humanity's stretched forces.

During and after the battle, the clergy were busy tending to the wounded.

Those who possessed the power to heal wounds were not allowed to rest after battle, but were forced to tend to the wounded.

Like Adriana, the paladins could heal themselves as well as those who were injured.

However, not all wounds can be healed.

To heal someone whose life is in danger, you need a priest who can perform such a miracle, and there aren't many of them.

Just because you have the power to regenerate and heal, doesn't mean you have near-universal access to it.

The number of people dying in the clinics was staggering.

Before the priests could properly close the eyes of the dead, they were forced to turn their attention to other wounded soldiers, with no time to bemoan their lack of power.

"Ludwig!"

"......."

"This is....... What the hell is going on!"

The royalty started rolling in.

"Your arm is......!"

"......."

When Christina saw that Ludwig's right arm was bandaged where it should have been, she covered her mouth and began to freak out.

The snake's venom was deadly.

It gradually petrified Ludwig's arm.

Ludwig's treatment came too late, and he was forced to amputate his arm before the poison could spread further and endanger his life.

But that wasn't what mattered to Ludwig.

Someone who isn't here.

You don't know who won't make it back safely, but you know they won't.

Still, it was time to break the news to everyone.

"Delphine is....... is dead......."

"What......?"

Ludwig's words drowned out the crowd.

A moment of consternation.

And then silence.

"Oh....... No......."

"He died trying to protect me and Scarlett....... He's dead......."

Ludwig muttered to himself.

The snake's venom was deadly, so before finding a priest, Ludwig realized that if the venom spread from his arm to his neck, he would die.

That's why Ludwig cut off his arm.

With my own hands.

Cutting off his own arm, Ludwig carried the stunned Scarlet to the rear of the battlefield in search of the priests.

Not even avenging the monster that crushed Delphine Isadra to death.

I could only look away in tears as the creature devoured the crushed Delphine, then stalked across the battlefield.

He couldn't afford to lose Scarlet, so Ludwig retreated.

No, it ran away.

Scarlett was cowering in the corner of one of the tents, covering her face with both hands and sobbing incessantly.

-Because of me....... Because of me.......

The Royal Class students were also in tears as they watched Scarlett freak out, unable to breathe, and Ludwig, mesmerized.

Crying people.

And Ludwig, unable to cry, stood there, staring at the ground.

Scarlett shows up to save Ludwig from danger.

This put Scarlett in danger, and Delphine saved her.

Ludwig jumps in to rescue Scarlett, who has fallen in the middle of the battlefield.

Round and round and eventually.

Delphine, who had ventured too far in for support, was killed by the monster's attack.

I couldn't even touch it.

Weak.

That's it.

It was a weakness.

"It's all....... It's my fault for being weak......."

Ludwig mumbles something incoherent.

"I was weak....... I did everything wrong......."

Ludwig, who had lost his right arm, stared blankly into space.



* * *



While there are certainly priests who can perform miracles that can reattach severed bodies, there are no priests who can perform miracles that can restore missing body parts.

Therefore, those who have been crippled by physical defects cannot be healed.

Ludwig has lost his right arm and can no longer fight.

You'll be forced to fight using only left-handed numbers, but it will be very different from what you're used to.

Just as so many died, so too did a staggering number of Temple alumni.

The 20,000 or so dead may not seem like much of a bleed compared to the overall Allied numbers, which were in the hundreds of thousands.

It's just a reminder of the battle ahead.

You just don't know how many more people will die in the ensuing battle.

Obviously, the unexpected help reduced the damage, but in the end, no one is going to die.

Just as there were deaths in the Temple, there were bound to be deaths among the very elite Royal Class, as when Ludwig lost his arm.

It was a battle of epic proportions.

Those whose bodies remained were fortunate. They could at least be buried.

The ones who never come back, no matter how much time passes.

Instead of waiting for them, I had to accept the fact that they were dead.

Therapeutic tents for the relatively important.

Redina's complexion was pale, and she stared down at the unconscious man from her bedside.

The teacher checks on Kaier.

The teacher, who had once taught classes at the Temple, including one on magical sensitization, looked at Redina and asked, puzzled.

"Didn't you know......?

'Yeah....... I had no idea.......'

'......Mr. Kaier must have been deliberately silent.'

'.......'

Redina could only stare blankly down at the pale-faced Kaier.

It was just after the battle, so the garrison had an air of victory and death, and this tent was no exception.

How much time has passed.

"ugh......."

"......."

Redina bit her lip as Kaier frowned, coming to his senses.

Kaier suddenly lost consciousness, and when he came to, he was dumbfounded that he had realized what was happening.

"Seo, you can't be....... Did I pass out?"

"Uh."

"Oh, no, no, no, I did the best I could....... I didn't do it because I wanted to....... I didn't do it because I wanted to......."

Kaier's face went white as he realized that Redina, who was always so quick to pamper and pat him on the back, was going to yell and throw a temper tantrum this time.

Because that's how it was for the most part.

And since he was unconscious during a very important battle, he wouldn't have been able to use the Arc Crystal properly.

In fact, after sending Kaier to the medical doctor, Redina had used up all the energy in her Arc Crystal and could no longer aid in the fight.

Naturally, I was speechless.

I don't know how many more people I could have saved if I hadn't fainted.

Kaier thought so too, feeling sorry for himself for passing out, and thinking that there was nothing he could do about Redina's temper tantrum.

Even Redina's expression was grim.

Not sure what to say, Kaier swallows hard.

"What, you didn't tell me?"

"......what?"

Redina was furious.

However, this time it was a little different.

"He says you're dying from overdoing it, Mr. Teacher."

"......."

That made Kaier's jaw drop.

But Redina stays still and looks at Kaier.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"......."

Their magic is enormous, and their healing speed is far beyond that of normal people.

But unless you have unlimited magic, there are limits, and using magic is a red herring that can be used up in an instant.

There were a few times when Kaier would collapse from exhaustion. But Redina hadn't realized that would be the cost of drawing life.

The chae-geun, bo-cham, and screaming behavior so far.

Little did Redina know that she was gnawing at Kai'er's life.

"So....... me....... Did you really want to make me that bad? You could have told me. No matter how bad I was, no matter how much I was being a bitch to you. If I knew you were doing that to me, would I....... Do you think I would have kept doing it the way I've been doing it? Why....... Why didn't you tell me?"

Redina's lips were trembling.

She didn't realize what she was doing wrong or what she was pushing until it was too late.

Kaier did not tell Ledina that he was dying.

What I didn't tell you is that I'm gnawing at my life for more horsepower, having drawn it to the limit.

Kaier stares at Redina in silence.

"You're not the only one who feels bad about people dying."

"......."

"If you know this, you won't be thinking about it in the heat of battle."

We only do it because we know that in exchange for a shortened lifespan, we can save someone else who deserves to die.

"It's just, it is what it is."

Clearly, Redina is troubled when she begins to think that what she's using might not just be mana, but magic that was forged from Kai'er's life.

Even now, some troops are being supported and others are being abandoned.

If the number of people killed in the aftermath of a spell is less than the number of people it can save, she believes it should be done.

Add to that Kai'er's life, and Redina has even more to give up.

Just as Redina screamed at Kaier because she cared about people's lives, Kaier didn't tell Redina what he needed to tell her because he cared about people's lives.

"I'm not going to die right away anyway."

I don't want you to hesitate.

With her lips pursed, Redina's eyes fill with tears.

"Bullshit......."

It's a hierarchy that is firmly out of whack.

They are absolute to each other, but they hate each other.

"If you die, I'll be useless. Save your life for ......."

"That would make the arc crystals obsolete."

Redina rolled her eyes at Kaier's self-deprecating comment.

"Why do horses do that?"

"Didn't you always say, you don't need me, you just need the power cartridge. I'm just a more efficient power cartridge."

Their relationship had been swallowed up by the hateful words.

Every word I said out of anger, resentment, and frustration became an indelible scar.

"It's nice when a lowly bastard who can't even manipulate magic can save a life, right?"

In the midst of Redina's tirade, Kai was not unharmed.

It couldn't be good.

Kaier's self-loathing was already at an all-time high.

Seeing Kaier like that, Redina's eyes fill with regret.

"I was....... I meant to. I meant to say....... I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't....... I've been bad. I've been wrong. I've been bad. I've been too hard on you. I'm sorry....... I'll apologize. So don't say that....... Don't push yourself....... I'm sorry....... I'm sorry I was so....... Oh, brother....... I'm sorry......."

"Shut up."

"......."

"Let's keep doing what we're doing."

Anything in between.

No matter what they think of each other.

"Like I said, I'm not dying right now."

Now, there's no turning back.





