Episode 548.





Bertus travels back and forth between the ecliptic and Allied positions.

But this was a special case, and Bertus watched the battle from start to finish.

Despite the pleas of his vassals that he should return to the ecliptic because of the danger, Bertus watched.

I saw monsters sweeping the battlefield, tons of magic, falling monsters and humans.

"6 minutes and 47 seconds......."

And the Titan's first maneuver.

Archduke Saint-Antoine, the head of research, and Adelia, who had been virtually instrumental in the Titan's design, stood before Bertus.

Neither of them had yet heard the news of what had happened to their classmates.

"This whole war has been a very short period of time, and it's amazing how the tide can turn in such a short amount of time....... I wonder if that's what war is all about."

"......."

"I'll try to extend the maneuvering time a bit more, Your Majesty......."

Adelia said in a fidgety, creeping voice in front of Bertus.

"I'm not criticizing you. That was great. No, it was great. If you're running Titan too long and it's causing catastrophic permanent damage, that's more of a problem. I'd rather see it run for such a short time."

"Well, is that......."

"We can't afford to build another Titan, and if it's destroyed, there will be no next one."

It was an empire-building project.

Even at the height of the Empire's power, such an enormous investment of resources would never have been authorized for such a weapon of war.

This was a war for the fate of humanity, and no matter how successful they were, they could no longer afford to delegate power to a mage barely twenty years old.

As far as magical materials go, the Empire can no longer afford to build golems that are even half the size of the Titans that currently exist.

This means that if you run a Titan long enough that it is permanently destroyed, you can't recreate it.

Adelia couldn't help but feel depressed at Bertus' words, thinking that she could have saved more lives if she'd had more time to maneuver.

Materials are more important than people.

Titans are not human.

However, if you have to trade a Titan for an Allied division, you have to do it.

Weapons of war are more important than people.

So when Bertus said that it was more important to keep the Titans alive to the end of this war than to keep them alive long enough to save lives, there was a brutal logic to his words that was both grimly realistic and undeniably cruel.

Bertus looks away from Adelia and toward the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine.

"What about the corruption rate?"

"There was approximately 14 percent external frame damage."

Bertus narrowed his eyes at that.

"That much?"

It was only up and running for a little under 7 minutes.

No matter how intense the short battle, Bertus couldn't help but feel a bitter taste in his mouth at how damaged the Titan was.

"We designed the Titan to have an inner armor and an outer armor. The Titan is wearing a core frame with an outer layer of armor. As long as the inner frame is intact, the outer frame can take any amount of damage and self-repair. You can think of it as wearing a self-repairing sheet metal armor."

"I'm glad to hear that ...... is being repaired."

It's a golem designed for the long haul, not a one-off, and it's so damned big that it risks collapsing on itself.

Bertus breathes a sigh of relief when I tell him that the Titan's exoskeleton is practically a buffer zone and repairs itself.

If it's a full-blown weapon project and you're only going to use it a few times, it's not going to hold up.

"Anyway, I wish you both the best of luck in your future endeavors to maintain and improve Titan."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"Yes, Niet!"

Listening to their answers, Bertus sat back in his chair.

"The Archduke would like to speak with me for a moment."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Adelia returned home, and only Archduke Saint-Thuan remained in Bertus's barracks.

I hear the cries of monsters in the distance.

The occupation of Serandia was not over. The army would need another four days to properly rest.

Clear the perimeter, secure it, and set up a garrison.

Long marches and battles never come to an end.

"......."

"......."

Bertus was silent for a moment, listening to the sounds outside.

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan was silent.

"Archduke, do you think the Titans would have been better off with Herriot?"

"......."

"What do you think?"

At the sudden mention of his youngest daughter, the Archduke stares at the Emperor in silence.

He wasn't smiling, and his expression wasn't all that stern.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

It's as sensitive a topic as the Devil, and certainly more so for the Archduke.

The Archduke has a lot to live with for what his youngest daughter did.

Just as the Emperor doesn't seem particularly outraged or reprimanded, the Archduke doesn't show any emotion at the mention.

The Archduke was never a very expressive person, but after his daughter disappeared with the demon, he became even less so.

The Emperor's Question.

Titans.

And the existence of the youngest daughter.

"I don't know."

That was all the Archduke had to say.

"Because I don't know what you mean by 'better made' - if you're talking about longer maneuvering times, or more weapons, or a stiffer inner and outer skeleton, or something like that, then I suppose that's possible, but if, as you say, a Titan breaks after a long run, I don't know if that's what you'd call well made."

Bertus laughed at the Archduke's words.

"I see, maybe we don't need to improve Titan."

"I can't help it if you think it's an excuse for a technician who didn't make it right."

"Not at all, I don't see why I would."

Bertus crosses his arms and leans back.

"The reason I'm bothering to tell you this is because I'm not going to give you a medal when I could just give you a picture of it."

The emperor gives a short tongue-lashing.

"I can give it to Adelia, but I can't give it to the Grand Duke. Or any of the duchy's wizards."

"I am aware, Your Majesty."

Sins committed.

I don't know if it should be called a sin, but people think it is.

Adelia didn't create Titan alone, but it will be her own.

Everyone knows that the Grand Duke and the Duchy of St. Thuan have been involved, but they will see it as a gift of technology to pay for their sins.

The Archduke was neither sorry nor angry. He had no interest in such things in the first place.

"There's no point in talking about this now, because we'll have to wait until the war is over before we can talk about the balls and talk about the awards, but I just wanted to tell you that when you can't even get a medal for something like this, people are going to be horrified to know that one of the keys to this weapon is in the hands of an archduke."

"I see."

Bertus stares blankly at the ceiling of the tent at the Archduke's nonchalant response.

"Scared people do strange things, and if you use them well, and draw them in, you can create an empire....... If people know there's a killer living next door, they're going to flock to the house and set it on fire."

"Like we invaded Darklands, whether or not they attacked humanity."

"Whether your neighbor is a murderer or not, isn't it possible that he could start a fire?"

"Likewise."

"Whether the Grand Duke is a collaborator of the Devil or not, people can set fire to his tents, to the Duchy of Saint-Thuan."

"The Alliance saw the Titans crush the monster today, and we know that one of the keys is in the hands of the Archduke."

"Archduke."

"Watch out for scared people."

"I'm sorry that's all I can say."

The terrified.

Those who looked upon the archduke in awe became afraid of him.

In the raids, terrified humans drove their loved ones into the cult and slaughtered them.

He hates the Archduke because he doesn't know where the Devil is, and he doesn't know where his youngest daughter, who followed him, is.

For all the afterthoughts, the Archduke had no reason or inclination to explain.

So far, the Archduke has been a great help in the war. And today, the Archduke was a decisive help.

But the weight of that help is so great that it makes people fear the archduke.

Titans.

It will be afraid of what will happen if it tries to step on the Allies.

The Archduke might have other ideas.

People who are frightened themselves may say and do strange things out of fear.

The emperor was warning against it.

There are no prizes.

They're just a bunch of sinners.

"You may return to your duchy if you wish."

"I guess we'll have to leave the keys to the Titan behind."

"......Yes, I'm afraid I can't help you with that."

The Emperor cannot reward the Archduke, but he can give him a chance.

A chance to back out of this war.

No one recognizes the honor of an archduke anyway.

It will even become dangerous. So, the more you march, the more you give those who should be feared, despised, or hated a chance to step aside.

On the contrary, the allies will be pleased.

The archduke who created the dangerous weapon is abdicating himself.

It would weaken their power, but it would also mean that the Titan's achievements would be stolen by other wizards who would open their eyes to the vision of the Duchy of Saint-Tuan.

Material and intellectual gains are secondary in the face of death.

You've risked your life, you can't take honor, you've made history, and now you can go home.

This is a huge concession for an emperor who needs to be more moderate with his power.

The archduke didn't think long.

"Your Majesty, I know that many people hate me."

"I know there are a lot of people who are afraid of me."

"There must have been a lot of anger, hatred, and disdain behind their words, and I never refuted them, responded to them, or offered any clarification."

"But I didn't do it because I admit I'm guilty."

Archduke Saint-Antoine looks at Emperor Bertus.

"I'm not in it for the payback, and I've never thought of it that way."

"......."

Many speak of the Archduke's mistakes, sins, and misdeeds.

But just because you didn't refute him doesn't mean he admitted guilt.

There is not the slightest guilt in my heart, the Archduke says confidently.

"Unjustified hatred and reprimands for sin cannot influence my decision in the slightest; honor is something that exists within me, and I am the only one who can judge its impairment."

"So, Your Majesty, no matter what delusions they may have to hate and fear me, I am only acting out of honor and conviction. Just as I didn't go to war because they wanted me to pay for the sins of my youngest daughter, and I didn't create the Titans."

"I'm only doing it because I believe it's the right thing to do."

"So unless the purpose of the war is wrong, I and my soldiers will stay put."

"That's been my family's teaching for generations, and I just follow it, not always, but I follow it."

Walk the straight and narrow.

The Emperor stares at Archduke Saint-Thuan, who says that he has made up his mind that he has no intention of being swayed by the words and principles of the world.

I'd call it arrogant.

No matter what the world says, it's not wrong and it's not a sin unless you recognize it as wrong.

Follow the path you believe is right, no matter what the world demands, not the path someone tells you to take.

It's a family tradition.

This war is right.

So he stays put, because he has no fault or guilt in his heart.

Because it's right.

Shiloh.

No matter how the world sees you, no matter how you judge your behavior. Isn't that exactly the same attitude as that of Herriot de Saint-Etienne, who followed Reinhardt?

"If that's what you decide, I'm all for it, but I can't promise you that I'll be able to protect the Archduke and his soldiers."

"No problem, Your Majesty."

The Emperor's words didn't seem to bother the Archduke, as if it was his own business.

Bertus gave the Archduke a chance. But he blew it.

He's made a decision based on his convictions, and even if it brings him down, he's made a choice. Bertus realizes that no matter what happens, the Archduke will not blame him.

"Well, I guess that wraps it up for now, thank you for your continued support."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

An Archduke's business is an Archduke's business.

If you can't do your own thing, you're the one who's going to die blaming yourself for your lack of ability.

Or should I say, a man of conviction and pride.

To the man who deserved to be called a loner, the emperor no longer offered any other options. They wouldn't listen.

It's an aristocratic attitude.

Bertus realized how long it had been since he'd seen it.

"Finally."

"......."

Seeing the Archduke about to retreat, Bertus called out to him one last time.

"Do you mind if I make one more excuse?"

"Yes."

Bertus wanted to ask.

"Does the Archduke think he has raised his daughter wrong?"

Someone who doesn't mix public opinion with their own judgment.

Bertus wondered what the Archduke thought of his missing daughter.

The Grand Duke said he felt no guilt.

You think your daughter's sins are her sins, not yours.

Does she really think her daughter hasn't sinned.

Bertus wondered about that.

"......."

The Archduke was silent for a moment, his back to me.

After a moment of silence, the Archduke opens his mouth in a calm tone.

"I may have raised it wrong."

The words startled Bertus slightly. He hadn't expected the Archduke to say that.

"By the way, it's not the wrong size."

However, the Archduke's next words were even more surprising.

"Ha, ha, ha....... Hahahaha......."

It's not something to say in front of the emperor. It's a sensitive statement that can cause a lot of political problems. It's like saying the daughter of the devil is right.

What the Archduke told his daughter was not the truth.

That if I were to be reborn, if I were to go back to that moment, I would make the same choices and regret them as I did the day the heavens opened.

I can only take his word for it.

I am convinced that my daughter could not have been raised to be a person who could say such things.

"Actually....... I think so too."

Bertus chuckled at the bombshell, and agreed with the Archduke.





