Episode 549.





Fourth day after the occupation of Serandia.

I can only say that the Allied garrison was bizarre, with a mixture of elation and jubilation at victory and despair and sorrow at death.

Praise for victory and mourning for the dead were intermingled.

The Allies had to stop, not just to get through the winter, but to clean up the aftermath of the battle.

If the bodies were somehow recovered, they had to be identified and transferred to the appropriate military for proper burial.

Delphine Izadra's body was not among them.

In the first place, it was always going to be a battle to find more bodies than not.

-Diverse

And the best of the Alliance, including Ellen, Saviorin Tana, and Heinrich, who hadn't been able to rest properly after the battle and had left to secure the safety of nearby Serandia, were finally able to return.

"Rest, Heinrich. The Allies will winter in Serandia."

Louise von Schwarz also made it to the master class, so it's only fitting that she's back after slaying some monsters.

"My sister....... I'm going to see my friends for a while and then....... for a while?"

At Heinrich's words, Louise stops and looks at him.

Friends.

You want to make sure your friends are safe in this war.

Confirming someone's death would be overwhelming enough on its own.

"Some things are better left unknown......."

But before she could continue, Louise was interrupted.

I was wondering if I was being too childish.

Whatever happened, you'd know anyway.

Better late than never.

"Yeah, you'll have to see for yourself. You have plenty of time, you can stay there for a few days."

"......Thank you."

Death is everywhere, and even if you're in the Cernstadt military headquarters, you still have to face it.

"But my sister is....... don't you?"

At Heinrich's hesitant question, Louise shook her head.

"As a commander, you have to do what you have to do."

Although she wasn't physically in combat, Ruiz had a lot of work and people to take care of.

Now that I had killed two brothers with my own hands, I had more work to do.

Louise sits on her horse and looks out over Serandia and its environs, seeing nothing but dead bodies everywhere.

Huge, inexplicable pits all over the place.

Look carefully at the crater.

The things everyone knows are weird, but no one asks the high command.

What are those traces?

The vast traces of destruction that were already there when the Allies arrived, and at whose hands.

"......."

Louise returns to the Cernstadt military garrison with the Templars.



* * *



Some were visibly dead.

Delfin Izadra, a sophomore, died.

Kadina Ein, freshman, A-10, is dead.

But even if someone didn't visibly confirm death, someone who didn't return for a long time was dead.

That was the case for junior Ard de Gritis.

Ard, who had dueled Reinhardt, now a demon, did not return until several days after the battle.

The third graders, including Adriana and Redina, who had been waiting for their long-lost classmate, were devastated to learn that Ard had died.

-He'll come back! He might be in another garrison! Why do you think he's dead? He might not be!

-Rudina....... Please.......

Tears poured down Redina's cheeks as she hated the world, and Adriana let out a stifled groan and cried as she held Redina close.

Unable to accept Ard's heart, Adriana once left the Temple.

She couldn't accept it, but to Adriana, Ard was a dear friend and comrade-in-arms.

I couldn't help but mourn its death.

The Royal Class is a small group, and most of them are fairly skilled fighters, so there were no more casualties or missing persons.

It was inevitable that there would be casualties in the lower grades.

The first years had already lost three to this war, and with the death of Kadina Ein in this battle, they now had the lowest number of all the grades.

Since the Royal Class is a small group, it was inevitable that someone's death would be more devastating.

The funeral was organized by teachers and priests.

The bodies of Delphine Izadra and Ard de Grytis were never found, except for Cadina Ein.

Ludwig knew the moment he saw her die that he would never find Delphine's body.

Finding Delphine's body, torn to shreds, would be even more horrifying.

Delphine had awakened a rare power, the only power in the world, the power of Elementalism, and it was a death so bizarre it was almost comical.

As such, no one was safe on this battlefield.

Some were weeping over the death of someone else, and others were feeling some strange sense of fate that one day they too might have to meet that end.

Ludwig, bandaged where his right arm used to be, stares blankly at the funeral.

Scarlett, too, was slumped over, tears streaming down her face as she watched the bodiless funeral.

-Yuck! Yuck! Yuck! Yuck!

Christina and Louis Ankton were comforting Scarlett, who was gasping for air, barely able to breathe.

Scarlett is almost as miserable as Ludwig.

Scarlett saved Ludwig, but Ludwig lost his arm when he jumped in to save himself from being knocked out, and eventually Delphine lost her life as well.

Scarlett couldn't help but feel that it was all her fault.

The guilt had gotten the better of Scarlett, and she'd gone so far as to choke herself in her dorm room that Ellen had to jump in and restrain her.

Just like that.

Someone is dead and unable to fight.

Others have been irreparably injured and are no longer able to fight.

Ludwig was the latter.

Ludwig, who had lost his arm, stared blankly at the empty funeral.

Delfin Izadra.

Along with Lanyon Sessor, he was Ludwig's first friend.

Lanion Sesor stared at the bodyless funeral with blank eyes.

Everyone is precious, but I couldn't help but call them especially precious.

Ludwig spent the most time with Delphine and Lanyon.

We traveled together, we argued, but at the end of the day, they were the most important people in my life.

We lost one of them.

Weak.

You lost because you were weak.

Ludwig and Scarlett would have died in that battle without Delphine.

Someone had to die trying to save each other.

Ludwig looks out over the crowd of people watching the funeral in a daze.

Heinrich von Schwarz, who had been transferred to the Cernstadt army, was also present at the funeral, looking on with a stern expression.

Heinrich could have saved Scarlett's life by blasting her from the waist down as soon as the giant monster appeared. If Scarlett had fallen in the middle of the monsters, he could have destroyed the area and pulled her out.

No, I would have blown up the mind-controlling monster with a wave of my hand.

You don't need to be a psychic.

Even the best wizards can do this.

This happened because we were in a vacuum where the wizards stopped supporting us.

You can't blame the wizards. They weren't there to support them, so they had to be saved by people elsewhere.

It doesn't have to be magic.

If it were Ellen, she would have cut them down with her holy sword.

You don't have to be a warrior with a holy sword.

Even if it was just a master class.

If only I could have put an auror on my sword, if only I could have resisted a little longer.

It's not the fault of those who didn't help.

Someone died and got hurt trying to save you, and it's all your fault.

Because it's weak.

Weakness is a sin.

In a battlefield where violence is the only good thing, the inability to wield that violence means that the amount of violence you can wield is so meager that it may not even protect what you already have.

So it's a sin.

It's all my fault.

Ludwig looks at his right arm, which is empty.

Weakness is a sin.

Weaker.

"......."

Without his right arm, Ludwig can still power up, but he can't do everything he's seen, learned, and experienced in the same way.

You lost because you were weak, you're weaker, and you're going to lose more.

In fact, it may be impossible to participate at all.

Is this it?

To save my friend, I risked the misery of running away and ignoring his death.

Does it get any more miserable than that?

I tried, but I couldn't help it.

I'm done here.

Because I lost my arm.

And that's it.

No.

Is it really?

Suddenly.

Ludwig remembers something he heard a long time ago.

"I'm going to lose, but I'm going to do my best" is like a ready-made excuse for defeat: "But I tried, so I'll do better next time." Isn't that just giving your defeated self an escape hatch?

The culprit in all of this.

The days when you thought he was just a hard worker.

A time when you could even say you respected it.

The day I asked him to teach me because I thought I was at a disadvantage in a tournament, he said.

Ludwig doesn't know if the demon was hiding his power or not.

Revenge for all of this is not yours. The world is full of people who are better than you.

The only thing he was allowed to do was kill the monster, and he couldn't even do that, so he lost Delphine and his right arm.

The Devil is a hateful creature, and if he could, he would wish for a chance to avenge himself, but he doesn't.

Hate the devil.

But those words.

There's a lot of truth in the saying, "Don't make excuses that set you up for defeat.

You've lost your arm, that's it.

I am the limit.

I can't do that anymore.

That doesn't make anything better.

Trust even when you don't get results.

It's about fighting to win, even when you lose.

You said it would make things a little better.

You can't go wrong with that, no matter who the devil is.

I don't have a right arm.

I still have my left arm.

We've lost Delphine, but if we give up here, we'll lose someone else, and we'll have to face another round of helplessness.

Ludwig looks away from the funeral and rises from his seat.

He turned to the armory and grabbed his sword with his left hand.

It was an unfamiliar sensation.

Without his right arm, he is unbalanced.

You may or may not be able to fight with only your left arm.

'Yes.......'

You don't need to say you'll try.

"Reinhardt.

Ludwig clumsily grips the sharpened sword and points it at the air.

At some point, I got back into that mindset.

Me.

For me.

What I can do is.

That's it.

I was back to living in the mindset of a loser.

Weakened in mind, weakened in practice.

In the face of so much despair and fear, Ludwig regressed to his old mindset of wanting only small satisfactions.

That's why it was weak.

I know you can't be as strong as your mind, but a small mind can only give you so much power.

If so, make it bigger.

Not like this.

Be a little more ambitious, even if the outcome is predetermined.

You can't do everything, but you should think you can.

The culprit behind all of this.

All these expressions of sadness, hate, and despair.

I let go of all the ideas I'd given up on because I thought it was Ellen's role.

He's lost his right arm and only has his left, but Ludwig is determined.

You're no match for the devil.

You can't reach him now that he's in the sky.

As they say, make resolutions for victory, not excuses for defeat, and that's impossible with excuses prepared for defeat.

No, it's not even a defeat.

They don't think they can fight, so it's an excuse to run away.

Let go of those excuses, let go of that cowardice, let go of that resignation.

'I am.......'

In the words of the devil.

"No.

Recalling the teachings of the devil.

"I.

Ludwig vows to himself.

"I'm killing you.



* * *



The moment Ludwig turned away from the funeral, gripped his sword with his left hand, and vowed not to give up.

Ellen sat dazed in her barracks.

Ellen was the last to hear about the deaths of her classmates and predecessors. She would be the last to return.

The command called the battle a major victory.

A huge win, too.

The Serandia assault ended with less damage than expected, as the Titans were completed in time.

If future battles are like this, we could see a complete end to the gate crisis.

But behind the triumphs, there were horrors. Ellen couldn't figure out what a victory was.

"......."

Someone is going to die, and these funerals will happen after every battle.

I'm glad I died less, that's for sure.

But it was clear that someone was dying, and it had to be someone Ellen knew.

Unable to bear to watch the funeral, Ellen went into the barracks.

It's not because I'm afraid of sensing the death of my classmates and predecessors.

"Only me......."

Ellen covers her face with both hands, muttering to herself.

After watching and witnessing so many deaths, and facing the news of those she knew who were now dead, Ellen could only break down.

"If it weren't for me....... If it wasn't for me....... but......."

It should have been dead.

He should have been killed by Radia Schmidt in the blizzardy castle of Epeeax.

Due to my over-exuberance, I reached the master class on the spot.

So I survived.

So this is what happened.

If he had been killed on the spot, he would never have pursued Reinhardt's truth, and after revealing him to be the Devil, things got twisted and tangled, and the Gate Crisis erupted.

If he had died in the castle of Epirus, the truth would not have been revealed, and there would have been no misunderstanding.

I was guilty of not trusting Reinhardt.

So it was a sin to not die where you were supposed to die.

If you're dead in the water in EpiPax.

If only you hadn't gone to the temple in the first place.

If I didn't love Reinhardt.

If you were indifferent from the beginning and didn't care until the end.

Or, if he'd said anything about trusting Reinhardt.

It was too good to be true, but there were others who believed.

The son of a demon who died fighting his brother.

It was hard to believe him, but I wish I had.

This would not have happened.

All of this sadness and tragedy comes from them, and they don't even realize that they are the cause.

Scarlett strangled herself at the thought of blaming herself for all of Delphine's deaths and Ludwig's injuries, and Ellen restrained her.

I stopped myself from choking on my own tortured breath.

But as she watched, Ellen realized that she was suffering from an even more self-destructive impulse than Scarlett.

The guilt is so great that it eventually reaches Ellen's mind.

Like me.

I wish I'd never been born.

If you weren't born, none of this would have happened in the first place, so maybe it's your fault for existing.

"If it were only me....... If only I wasn't....... shouldn't have been......."

Ellen eventually urged Scarlett to stop, but she was left alone in the barracks with a constant stream of self-deprecation.

No demons, no warriors, no emperors, no empresses.

Everyone thinks they're the one who turned back the hourglass of doom.

As the war raged, the self-pity only intensified.



* * *



I wonder if this is what it feels like to be hit in the head with a hammer.

"That's ridiculous."

I couldn't help but freeze up at Sarkegar's report.

"......Are you sure you're not looking at the wrong thing?"

"...... Your Highness, we can't afford to pass this information around."

The Royal Class situation, as told to me by Sarkozy.

Ard, who got into a fight with me at the beginning of the semester, is missing.

Disappearance is death.

And first-year Kadina Ein is dead.

Delfin Izdra has died.

Ludwig lost his right arm.

I was dreading hearing about Royal Class, but I couldn't resist checking it out.

Delphine should have survived to the end.

Ludwig dies at the end, but he doesn't lose his arm.

I froze when I heard the news.

The death of someone.

And fatal, irreversible injuries.

I knew that the variable made it impossible to know who was going to die or live.

But you realize it in the form of someone's death and catastrophic injury.

Is this what could happen to Ludwig?

Delphine is dead.

Does this mean that Ludwig can die in battle at any time?

Or does Ludwig have no role at all anymore?

Is that okay?

Is this what happened to Ludwig because I have an Alsbringer?

I didn't take it away.

But in the end, Alsbringer chose me.

That's why Ludwig lost his arm.

The guy who was supposed to be the protagonist ended up in the back of the story, unable to fight anymore.

I've taken too much from him.





