Episode 554.





In the Allied camp, Cono Lint was captured by Sarkegar and dragged to the Allied outskirts where Antirrhinus was waiting.

After being dragged there, he must have mass-teleported all the way here under Antony's hypnosis.

He didn't know any English.

If he didn't run away, it was because he knew Antirrhinus. He was kidnapped by Antony the other day.

So, it's not a good face, but it's a face.

Honestly, ConoLint can get away with anything.

But in the end, despite my panic, he didn't run away.

"So what, what do you want from me?"

I haven't explained all the details, but Kono Lint knows that I'm trying to deal with the gate situation in my own way.

It's basically a good guy.

Honestly, I don't think he's attracted to her, but he's probably trying to help her because he can't help but notice that she's asking for help.

Of course, what....... I'd be lying if I said it wasn't because she's a woman.

"What could I possibly want from you?"

"My superpower?"

"Yeah, because you're trying to get into a hard-to-reach place."

Conor Lindt is an idiot.

However, it's not that serious of an idiot.

The fact that I've found you at this time of year, with archmages hanging around the ecliptic, can only mean that you're trying to get into places that magic can't.

"Temple? What are you going to do in Temple...... when Ellen is in the garrison?"

I was a serious fool.

They don't even notice.

Uh.

Not that it's my place to say.

I know I'm an asshole!

Kono Lindt shakes his head, not even noticing Olivia's expression turn sour in an instant.

"Why would I go into a temple, I'm going somewhere else."

"Where else? No way......."

His face went white as he finally realized what I was trying to get into.

"The Imperial Palace? I don't know what you're doing there, but you're trying to drag me in! What are you trying to make me do? I won't do it! I'm going back!"

He immediately tried to uproot the arms of Sarkhegar and Antirrhinus.

"Mr. Lindt. We don't need your voluntary cooperation."

Antirrhinus looks at Konorint, smiles, and says, "I'm sorry.

No, you're going to say something else!

"Yes....... Yes?"

"If I break Mr. Lint's brain and turn him into a puppet that only listens to me, he'll be broken as a human being, but he'll be great as a tool......."

"Don't talk nonsense! I'm not doing it! I'm not doing it!"

I'm just asking for a little help, I don't plan on using him forever!

But Antirrhinus had no intention of stopping.

"Even if Mr. Lint were to escape our grasp, where else would he go but this ecliptic gradient and the Alliance garrison? The entire world has become uninhabitable, and while he may be able to escape for now, I'm sure I'll be able to find him one day. Oh, I suppose I could cast a tracking spell now."

"Heh, heh, heh......! Help me, Grandpa!"

"I didn't say kill, just nudge, just touch the brain......."

"Oh, stop it, you're making me cry!"

Technically, Antirrhinus is evil, but he's not evil in the sense that he likes to harass and frighten his opponents more than he likes to kill.

Kono Lint rolled his eyes and his complexion began to turn purple.

I had no intention of threatening, but Antony's threats were unexpectedly effective.

Right.

Even if we could get out of here, we're limited in where we can go, and we can always find Kono Lint if we grit our teeth and look for it. Unless you live as a wild man in the wilderness, that is.

There's no point in running away because it'll come back to get you.

That seemed to break Conor Lint's will to escape.

"No....... I wasn't trying to scare you. I was just being a gentleman....... for help, never mind what that old man said."

"There's nothing gentlemanly about the subject who seduced me with his beauty!"

"I have nothing to say about that, but......."

I never had Sarkozy seduce Kono Lint with a beauty queen, but I did write something like that once upon a time, so I have nothing to say about it.

"Anyway, help us out, we need to get into the palace. All you have to do is let us in and bring us back out at the appointed time."

"Why should I do that, it's a felony, they'll hang you if they catch you, it's treason!"

Well.

What to say.

Is this what happens when you try to be nice and help?

"I guess I shouldn't have asked for help after all."

"Yeah, whatever you do, I'll keep my mouth shut. I'm not gonna help you......."

"Do it."

I looked at Konorint and said briefly.

"Just do it, asshole. Do you think I'm easy?"

"It's going to end up like this......."

Kono Lint grew sullen and muttered to himself.

Also.

Being king is more of a command than a favor.

"Do as you're told, and if you get caught, use my name! I did it because you told me to! They said they'd kill me if I didn't, so I did it! You don't think they'd kill me like this?"

But.......

If Antirrhinus is bad.

Doesn't that make me an asshole?



* * *



Eventually, Conor Lint decided that my coercion and Antrian's threats had made it useless for him to run away, and he began to follow me.

Sarkhegar and Antirrhinus were sent back.

Rob the Imperial Mausoleum, then the National Cemetery.

The crew grew by one person to include myself, Olivia, Herriot, and Kono Lint.

Antirhynchus unwittingly kidnapped Kono Lint in the last Serandia preemptive strike, and now we have his help, so technically Antirhynchus has a hand in this one.......

Of course, it's more coercion than help.

Herriot and Kono Lint weren't very close, and to be fair, I wasn't close either.

But right now, Kono Lint is in the company of three of the Empire's most prominent war criminals.

"Well, by the way....... even if you're wearing a hoodie, you can't just walk around like this....... Are you okay?"

All three of us have our faces on a lot of wanted flyers and such.

They were worried about flipping the entire ecliptic if they got caught.

"I've got cognitive dissonance and noise canceling on, and sure, there might be some wizards who can see through it, but I'm not worried about that. There aren't that many people who go out of their way to do that."

"I see......."

The crowd is a shield in itself.

It might seem a little weird to walk around in a hoodie in a place like the National Cemetery, but there are plenty of people like that here.

You can't be suspicious of everyone on the street.

Kono Lindt looks at Olivia, who walks away, this time wordlessly.

"My sister is....... Olivia Ranze....... Right?"

"...... You know me?"

"It's weird not to know."

She was a weird person to not know at Temple because she was at Temple, and she's a weird person to not know now because she's now. In fact, Olivia was a frequent visitor to our dorm, so Kono Lint must have known her.

He can't help but be scared, even though he knows we're not doing the evil things the world has made us out to be. I can't help but feel bad for this guy because he's walking around with them like he's one of them.

"So, what do you think you're doing in the palace anyway? You can't be....... Bertus......."

"I don't think so."

"Right, because there's no reason to do such a thing....... But then what are you doing in the imperial palace......?"

To say or not to say.

Harriet looked depressed, and Olivia shrugged as if to say, "I'll take care of it.

I shouldn't have to tell you.

When they hear what we're about to do, they'll be horrified.

And you're going to feel guilty knowing that you helped make that happen.

It feels weird to say, and it feels weird not to say.

I feel like it's better to just use it, or I feel like he has a right to know. I don't know.

"It ends up helping the war effort, which is something a lot of people don't understand or accept."

I hand the choice over to Conor Lint.

"Would you rather live in ignorance? Or would you rather know something that's not worth knowing?"

At my words, Konorint stares at me from under his hood.

He should be able to figure out that you're not doing anything mundane by breaking into the palace.

How many steps you took.

"I don't want to be taken advantage of without knowing anything."

It may seem like it hasn't changed, but in the end, Kono Lint was changed by the war.

"What I do is....... know what I'm doing."

Right.

Then you should know.

"I will enter the Imperial Mausoleum and reanimate the remains of the war heroes there as Death Knights."

"You crazy......!"

"Yeah, I knew it."

I quickly put words in Conor Lint's mouth.



* * *



Just as we were all stunned when we first heard Olivia's proposal, so was Conor Lindt's initial reaction.

But he screamed once, and then didn't say anything for a while.

It's probably not too far off from what I and Harriet are thinking.

They're dead anyway.

They can't come back, and what we use is just a trace of them already gone.

If that's the case, then if we can save the lives of the people who live with those traces, we should do it, and I wonder if that's such a bad thing.

You're probably thinking about that.

But still, just as I am determined not to make Effinghauser and Loyard into Death Knights. There is a contradiction, after all.

"Do you think this is....... correct?"

It seemed to me that Kono Lint was not a yes or no, but a question. Herriot hadn't come to a conclusion either, so he was speechless.

And I didn't have anything to say either.

I wondered if it wasn't hypocrisy, it wasn't evil, it was just a terrible thing.

"This is right."

But it wasn't me, it was Olivia.

"It's a time-honored tradition, passed down through generations of humans, that this kind of contradictory behavior is the result of wanting peace."

Olivia giggled, covering her mouth as if she were laughing at something.

You're probably laughing at the world.

But since it's Olivia who's making Death Knight, she's probably laughing at herself the hardest.

"I think this is right, and if I'm wrong later, it's all my fault, so let's call it a day."

Olivia said she would take the blame, but we could never see it that way.

"We're almost there."

The walls of the imperial city of Emperatos were closing in.



* * *



Near the west side of Huangsheng, we entered a side street off the beaten path.

I wouldn't say it was odorless, but it wasn't as bad as the first place we walked into.

We don't have the same blueprints for the Yellow Castle, but Herriot had a schematic that Charlotte had drawn.

"Charlotte, does she know how to draw?"

Olivia's mouth dropped open in disbelief as she stared at the overly well-drawn map of Huang Sheng.

Clearly, Charlotte had negative thoughts about painting. We had talked about it at the Palace of Spring.

Of course, this has nothing to do with painting, but Charlotte drew the outline as accurately as if she were drawing with a ruler.

I know a lot of things I shouldn't know, and I can do a lot of things I shouldn't know.

......What it means to be royalty.

When I think about it, there's something fundamentally and solidly wrong with me being king.

It's no wonder you're not good at it!

Kono Lint frowned at the mention of the missing princess, but it was no secret that I had taken her with me to her burning in the first place.

As Olivia said, it was very detailed for a rough drawing.

Central Palace Tetra.

Each seasonal palace located in the East, West, South, and North.

Not only that, but the area around the imperial mausoleum, our target, was detailed with each palace's annexes and their locations, and even the location of the palace guards' barracks on the tram line.

"Is this....... Charlotte drew this?"

"Yes."

"So does Charlotte know?"

"Right."

Kono Lint stood frozen, trying to imagine what the Empress must have been thinking as she drew this outline.

Right.

You asked me to draw you a map because you're going to rob your ancestors' graves.

I didn't actually ask her to draw it, but she did.

Charlotte....... I wonder what kind of mood she was in when she drew this. Harriet looks up at the winter sky through the alleyway.

"I think we should move at night."

With the passage of time and the short days, it was getting dark.

"The Imperial Mausoleum, according to Charlotte, is closed at all times, with two guards at the gate at all times. Of course, the guards guard the gate, but they can't enter the mausoleum. It's not supposed to be open all the time."

"So once you get in, it's just empty on the inside?"

"That's right. It's always closed, except of course for the management staff who come in periodically for maintenance, and the change of management is once a week, and that's tomorrow, not today."

That's good news.

"The lock works with magic, not a key, and I suspect the mage in charge of the mausoleum knows how to open it. I'll have to try to dispel the enchantment on the door first, and see if that's possible or not."

"What if I can't?"

"It gets a little complicated from there. If we want to go quietly, we'll either have to find out the opening spell from the mausoleum's caretaker, or sneak in with him when the mausoleum opens tomorrow, which means we'll be doing the job twice, and that's not without risk."

Even if I did manage to get inside the palace, it wasn't easy to get inside the mausoleum.

"Of course, the protective magic on the mausoleum itself is unlikely to be very powerful. Not necessarily the door, but the windows or the ceiling. Reinhardt. There's also the brute force of you cutting through with your Auror blade. I'll disarm the alarm, and I'll use noise canceling, and it'll be easier to disarm that than the lock on the door, so we don't necessarily have to wait until tomorrow."

It's a late-night stunt, and it's not coming back, so you can get away with it.

Herriot's point that it's easier to defeat an alarm on the building itself than it is to unlock a door made sense.

Sure, it's a little annoying that it's easier to break through a wall or window than it is to open a door.

But I guess that's true of any house when you think about it.

If it's not possible to enter quietly, it will do so loudly, even if it leaves some traces.

Herriot looks to Kono Lint, who now has the most important role, but somehow the easiest.

"Lindt, what you need to do is get the three of us beyond those walls, and I'll use all of my stealth and camouflage spells. I don't know how long it will take to work inside the palace, but all magic related to spatial travel is blocked. ......."

"Wait, wait, wait."

When Herriot went on to explain something, Kono Lint interrupted him.

"I'm....... So all I have to do is let you guys in and let you guys out?"

"Yes."

"No....... From the sounds of it....... If I let you guys into that....... cemetery if I let you into that....... comfortable, don't you think?"

"......."

"......."

"I suppose so."

Harriet and I were silent, and Olivia nodded as Kono Lindt spoke in wonder.

You're right.

It's much simpler and easier when Kono Lint helps us from start to finish instead of just letting us into the palace.

"Yes, but Lint, putting too much pressure on you would be....... and that's not a pretty sight to behold."

I can't help but notice the hesitation in Herriot's voice.

Kono Lint is an outsider, brought in by oppression and intimidation.

But when he's asked to help break into the mausoleum, he's not just an accomplice, he's a key player. He even gets to see the Death Knights resurrected.

That's pretty much all that Cono Lint does.

It's funny how we try not to overreach on a topic we've been forced into, but it might be traumatizing for Kono Lint to see his former heroes wake up as Death Knights.

Originally, we were only going to ask them to let us in and out.

But he shakes his head.

"If you're going to do it anyway, there's no difference between doing more and doing less."

"......."

"I don't know if this is the right thing to do."

He sees me.

"But regardless of whether it's right or not, if....... If I'm going to play a role in this, I'm not going to fudge it, because we're in this together anyway."

Just as ConoLint can't fully affirm this, it can't fully deny it either.

So if I was going to play a role, I felt like I'd rather watch the whole thing than help out and then realize later that I didn't really know what I was doing.

Conor Lindt sees Herriot.

"Don't make me a coward."

"......Sorry, that was rude."

She apologized if she thought it was rude to leave him out of something important.

"Oh, no, not necessarily....... What......."

He blurted out that he hadn't expected her to apologize.

Ransack the Imperial Mausoleum to reanimate the remains of heroes as Death Knights.

"You do realize this is a felony that will go down in history, right?"

Konorint smirks at my comment.

"If you're going to do that, you're going to have to have a history."

"......Yes."

Everyone grows.

Because it's clear that it's not of their own volition, but of other people and circumstances.

In the end, I couldn't help but laugh bitterly.





