Episode 555.





Kono Lint was able to move three of us at once, including himself.

"Okay, we can go together at once."

It's a short distance, but with Kono Lint and I holding hands, he triggers his ability and we're all on the move in one fell swoop.

"How many people?"

Herriot asked, since this was his first experience with non-magical teleportation.

"It's not the number, it's the weight. I don't know exactly, but maybe a little more than 200 kilograms, not counting me, and it can't be too bulky. No matter how light it is, you can't move something that's just gigantic."

It's more about mass and volume than numbers, he added.

Apparently, if the three of us weigh more than 200 kilograms combined, we can't move it.

"Somehow, it seems like a good thing......."

Herriot gave a subtle smile. Come to think of it, she's a cerebral person, not a physical person.

Olivia said cheerfully, puffing out her chest as she watched Harriet breathe a sigh of relief.

"You're still young, and when you get older, you're going to be all flabby from lack of exercise, so be prepared."

Of course, Olivia, who is very active and is actually a melee specialist, and now a near-necromancer, is far from lacking in exercise.

So after all.......

He's awesome in so many ways.......

"Well, on the subject of old muscle pigs."

"What?! I'm not old, I'm not a pig, where's the pig in all this fat, you little rat!"

"You're not going to get old, you're always going to be five years older than me no matter what. I mean, you're a little saggy even now."

"I'm not sagging! I'm not saggy! I'm physically younger than you! You have a curved back and a tortoiseshell neck because you're always digging in the corner of the room!"

"What? No, I didn't burn my neck!"

As Olivia and Harriet bicker, Kono Lint looks at me.

"Those two....... Are they always like that?"

"Even in places like ......."

"Ah."

We haven't infiltrated the palace yet, and it's a deserted alley, so I don't mind if you two get roasted.

It was no different here, a fight to the death.

Shame on you.

I'm a terrible housekeeper.

No, it's kind of dickish when you say family, but it's not like that. It's more like, you know, country management or something....... Uh.......

"It's not night yet, let them fight."

"Well, do you think......."

-You bent, you little turtle, you must have bent your spine!

-What are you, an old muscle pig!

-I'm not old! I'm not old! I'm still in my prime! I'm not a pig!

-You said that three years ago, so you're old!

-Ach! I'm going to kill you!

So if you don't do it, you lose.



* * *



With Kono Lint's full cooperation, it's like having a high pass to the mausoleum, not to mention the infiltration phase.

He's even more of a cheat than Sarkhegar when it comes to stealth.

I don't know if Kono Lint's combat power was as high as Klippmann's, but even if it was as high as Erich's, history would be changed.

The fact that Kono Lint has no combat talent and sucks at it is like a balance patch.

Of course, that's what I did, and if Kono Lint ever reaches my level of combat power, there's no stopping him from becoming emperor.

Somehow, he's so powerful that I've forced him to have a bunch of shortcomings.

With the help of KonoLint, we crossed the Yellow Wall.

The location is just inside the outer walls of the Imperial City, in the shadows and out of sight of anyone.

There might be guards on the walls, but there were no people on the ground.

"It's so easy, it's making me sick."

Herriot doesn't know how long it will take him to interpret and analyze the rings of Jupiter and figure out how to cross them, or even if it's possible.

But I felt like I couldn't do it with my superpowers.

"Okay, next location is there."

"Okay."

Blind spots, places where you wouldn't know an intruder was there.

Not that we weren't likely to be spotted, but the four of us were cautious, clinging to Kono Lint as we moved slowly toward the group, even though we were wrapped in magic for camouflage and concealment.

In the center is a tetra.

To the north is the Palace of Spring, where Charlotte lived.

To the west is the Winter Palace, where Bertus lived.

There is nothing to do in the two palaces, winter and spring, which are now empty.

To the south are government buildings, including the Palace of Autumn.

To the west is the area where the royal family resides, including the Summer Palace.

Our goal is the imperial residence to the west, and the temple with the imperial mausoleum further back.

You can use continuous teleportation to move as fast as you can, and the Imperial Palace is a large area to begin with.

You can pretend to be an imperial official and move about casually, but don't be too bold.

-pot!

With the power of Kono Lint, we moved slowly and carefully, sometimes in small increments, taking advantage of every angle of the field of view, including building rooftops.

In my experience, Cono Lint's capabilities are nothing short of fraudulent.

If I hadn't done the balance patch, the gate situation might have ended with Kono Lint single-handedly.

Soon we arrived at a gap in the garden's flowerbeds where the imperial mausoleum was faintly visible.

It was a huge temple, and just as Herriot had said, two guards stood at the front door.

To get in the front door, you had to secure the opening spell and hypnotize or subdue the guards.

Otherwise, I'd have to disarm the building's own alarm spell, muffle the noise with noise canceling, and enter the building from a blind spot.

But as long as you have Kono Lint, you don't need all that planning.

"We're going right inside."

"Uh."

-pot!

We went straight to the inside of the temple, where the imperial mausoleum is located.



* * *



Unsurprisingly, the inside of the temple, which houses the imperial mausoleum, was deserted.

But there was a light inside.

All four of us crouch down and look around, just in case. There's an elongated window that allows everyone to see into the temple where the mausoleum is located.

At the front of the temple's great chapel stood a massive statue of the five gods, and in the center of the statue was a wide, massive, straight staircase leading down to the basement.

I wasn't expecting anything overly ornate, but the chapel had a solemn feel with gray textures throughout.

You'd think a temple in an imperial mausoleum would be almost as crude as this.

But rather than an ornate tomb, this monotonous feeling was more solemn.

In this sense, the Empire was not so much about splendor per se, as it was about the solemnity of the Central Palace Tetra.

As far as pomp goes, the Temple has the edge. Of course, Temple is, after all, an academy owned by the Empire.

"Let's go down."

Keeping our posture low so that no one could see us through the window, we entered the stairwell.

Now we don't have to worry about anyone seeing us from the outside.

Mausoleums have no people inside because no one enters them unless something special happens.

But as we descended into the overly serene basement of the imperial temple, we couldn't help but hold our breath.

Rather than worrying about the possibility of someone being there, it was definitely because of what we were about to do.

The basement was lit, too.

After descending a long circular staircase, we entered a basement with high ceilings.

Like the above ground, the catacombs were grayish throughout.

A place of solemnity and antiquity rather than glamor.

Catacombs.

It wasn't the dreary, spooky space commonly referred to as the Catacomb.

I didn't see the grave as soon as I went down.

Upon arriving at the giant hollow, we were greeted by four corridors that branched out in all directions from the center of the hollow.

At the entrance to each corridor were stone carvings with different patterns.

"...... Those things, by the way. They're not gargoyles, are they?"

I was referring to the guardsman-like statues in the catacombs below.

"I don't feel particularly magical, and I would have told you if I had detected a gargoyle in the first place."

"Really? You'd think they'd have a grave guardian or something, wouldn't you?"

At Olivia's question, Harriet gave a short sigh.

"If there were intruders in the imperial mausoleum in the first place, it would mean that the imperial castle itself had been breached, so there was no need to build it. Of course, this is how we got in."

"Hmm, technically, yes."

"And you wouldn't expect someone who succeeded in infiltrating the imperial palace in the first place to be in the mausoleum. They'd go somewhere else."

"I guess that's true, too. But we walked into a place where no one expected us to be, right?"

"Sort of."

Places that are relatively unguarded.

It would be impossible to anticipate the crazy things we do.

If you want money, you'll rob an imperial vault or a treasure trove; if you want assassination, you don't need to come here; if you want information, you don't need to come here, where there is nothing but the silence of the dead.

Technically, it's the one place in the imperial palace that has no value to anyone except the royal family.

So we're the freaky thieves who came to the easiest place to rob, the place that wouldn't turn up any dust.

Of course, we're here to rob the remains of those who have no value, but are an integral part of human history.

A place with no value but tons of symbolism.

At the four crossroads of the Imperial Mausoleum, Herriot examines the orientation and symbolism.

"The north would be the graveyard of the imperial family, the west would be the graveyard of those who made great academic achievements, the east would be the artists, and the south would be the graveyard of those who founded the martial arts."

We don't need people with brains, inspiration, or noble origins.

You'll need the remains of warriors who have accomplished feats worthy of war heroes.

Konorint grabbed my arm to see if I was nervous.

What the fuck is wrong with you?

"Whatever."

"...... nothing, scary stuff."

Olivia's scary, and Harriet's a different person, but I saw her and Olivia get into a harsh exchange earlier, and I know she's still mean, so that's why I'm holding on to you.

But technically, shouldn't you be scared of me the most?

Oh, right.

I see you're still stuck on.......

People change, and then they don't.

By the way.

Technically, you should be scared of me the most in this room.......

What.

That's it.

Shit.

"Why are you scared? We're here to do something even scarier."

"Well, yeah, but......!"

Konorint shouted under his breath, even though no one was listening.

But the lowering of voices was something we all talked about.

Unnecessary pacing and talking will also lower your breathing.

I think it's more because it's a graveyard than because I don't want to be found out.

There was something ridiculous about coming to awaken someone's spirit and then having to lower your voice so as not to disturb the silence of the tomb.

"Let's go."

Herriot led the way, and we followed.

This is an imperial mausoleum, so it's no surprise that it's not a sprawling, maze-like structure.

After walking some distance down the hallway, the space expanded again and we found ourselves in the Mausoleum of the Heroes.

An open space appeared, followed by a straight, elongated room and then a staircase leading further down.

"The mausoleum is the first floor from here, and I'm told there are five more floors underground, but I'm told it's only the fourth floor that's actually filled in."

A graveyard for some of the greatest heroes in human history.

It was pretty intuitive.

A sarcophagus buried in the ground, with only the lid visible, and a tombstone symbolizing the holy arc in front of it. On the tombstone was a slab with a one-word inscription summarizing his life's work and a biography.

And the back of that tombstone.

"Until the gargoyle....... There it is......."

Behind each grave was a statue of a hero, carved in the likeness of that hero in life.

Sometimes they were stoic, sometimes they were solemn, sometimes they were dynamic, holding and wielding weapons.

If the statues were different, it was because they were made at different times.



[Langkruten, Lord of the Frostbite, is laid to rest here].



I'm not interested in Imperial history, but there was definitely history in the Temple integration course.

As such, I could see the familiar names of heroes from the history of the Empire dotted among these graves. Of course, that doesn't mean I'm going to go into detail.

"All the big boys are here."

Olivia chuckled as she saw the names of the heroes buried, the inscriptions on the statues and tombstones, names she recognized almost immediately.

The number of tombs on a floor is roughly forty.

The tomb is said to be five stories underground, but is actually filled to four stories, so there are probably over a hundred tombs in total.

This number is either small or large.

It's an unknown.

"Maybe....... The Warriors and the post-Gate heroes are on the fourth floor of the basement, or so I've heard."

"It's not going to happen for all of them, the ones that are too old are likely not going to happen."

"You mean we have to go underground?"

"Right."

I don't know if this type of burial causes the remains to decay or not, but it's unlikely that older remains would be meaningful.

A body that hasn't been dead for long.

How many Death Knights can we resurrect from these graves in total?

If it can be resurrected, and the stronger it is, the stronger the Death Knight, the more powerful it is.

We followed the stairs down to the basement, down to the basement, down to the basement.

Passing by statues and tombstones of heroes, we reached the fourth level of the underground.

Upon arrival, we could see that the structure of the tomb was different than before.

"So those five are treated differently?"

Olivia said.

"I see."

Herriot nodded.

Up until now, tombstones and statues have flanked the wall on either side as you descend the stairs.

But as soon as we descended the stairs, we could see the five statues and tombs in front of us.

And the center of it.

There was a gargoyle holding Alsbringer high in the air.

Similar yet different faces.



[Savior of mankind, seeker of justice, champion of Als].

[the one, the only, the eternal warrior].

[Lagan Artorius].

[May he rest in peace].



In the center stood the statue of Ragan Artorius, flanked by the statues of his companions, two on each side.

Wizard, Mullern.

Priest, Seizaria.

Ranger, Ragnar Olfy.

Magic Swordsman, Shadows.

Having accomplished the greatest feat in the history of mankind - slaying a demon - the five were given the most special place in this imperial mausoleum, the Hall of Heroes.

At the far end of the front was the grave of a group of warriors, but there were still graves on either side.

"Chronologically, ....... There are two graves that have been added since the Gate incident."

Harriet glanced back down the hall. I saw the names, too, but I didn't recognize them.

I don't know, but from the Empire's point of view, they must have died with a major to get in here.

"You mean to bring Ragan Artorius and his band of warriors back to....... with the Death Knight......?"

Kono Lint looks at me, his face pale, as if to ask if he should. All other things aside, Ragan Artorius is Ellen's brother, so it shouldn't be done.

It's like, "You're not doing this, are you?

But then again, I'm the devil's son, right?

"I know what you're thinking, but there are no remains of Lagan Artorius."

"Why?"

"There were no bodies left, anyway."

I can't help but say that because I don't realize that neither the Devil nor the body of Lagan Artorius has been destroyed in the Nihil.

What if.

If Ragan Artorius' ashes were here, I'd be in favor or against Deathknighting them.

I think Olivia would have said yes, and Harriet would have said no.

I.

Honestly, I'm not sure.

Just as I chose not to bring back Loyard and Effinghauser, I don't think I would have made Lagan Artorius look like that.

But if the remains were there, I wonder if unleashing the Death Knight of Lagan Artorius on his murdered father would have been some kind of vicious and satisfying revenge.

Although I have no intention of doing so.

"We don't have time for rambling. We're going to do a ritual, though I'm not sure how many of them will happen."

-Snarl

Olivia summons Tiamata, a magic sword, in her right hand.

There's no time for sentimentality, and no need to worry about the ashes of the non-existent Lagan Artorius.

Bringing back some of the greatest heroes in human history.

It's just a shell, but it's going to be a powerful shell.

Kono Lint narrowed his eyes at Tiamata, the black energy of corruption rising in him.

"Okay....... Let's get started."

Olivia smiles wickedly.

In the hands of the villains of the century, the desecration of the heroes of the century begins.



* * *



The time is night.

But there is no one to enter the mausoleum, and it is so deeply buried that our rituals cannot be noticed from the outside.

Someone from the outside might be able to detect it, but she had that part covered. It was clear from his reassurances that he had a plan.

Olivia was mumbling something in the center of the tomb, four levels underground, with her magic sword Tiamata stuck in the floor.

And the ghostly energy from Tiamata was trickling out and permeating each tomb.

Even as I pretended, I could feel the ominous energy being infused.

Me, Herriot, and Kono Lint watched the ritual from our perch at the head of the stairs to the third floor.

"By the way, I thought my sister was a priestess of Tuan....... What the hell is going on, and what is that sword......."

Kono Lint doesn't speak English, so I have no idea how Olivia Ranze is able to wield such evil power.

"Tiamataya."

"Tiamata? Tiamata is a holy relic, right? That....... Not sinister."

"Long story short, the gods and demigods are actually the same thing."

"......What's that?"

"So that's Tiamata."

"Oh, no, come on, explain it to me, what are you talking about!"

"......I'll tell you."

When he realized I was being a little too cursory, he grabbed Kono Lint and walked me through it.

Misconceptions about the gods and goddesses and the changing nature of holy objects.

The ritual was long enough that Herriot had time to explain it to Kono Lint.

Of course, even when I explained it to him calmly, it was still hard for him to understand or accept.

"Nonsense......."

"People have been thinking all wrong all this time."

"Hey, that's weird. There's no such thing as a demon, but that....... It doesn't make sense for a demon to have powers....... That's....... That kind of power....... Divine power? Not like black magic or something......?"

"Think of it this way, Lint, the gods may not be who we think they are at all. They may not even be the Five Great Gods in the first place. They're just names given to them by mortals."

"Nor....... No......."

Kono Lint doesn't have a strong belief in gods.

But no one denies the attributes of the gods as beings.

There are the Five Great Gods, and there's this thing called demonology.

In fact, it's not even that, and even the belief in the five great gods is just a name given to some absolute power, and even the name of the five great gods can be wrong.

In fact, I learned that in Lizaira, the vampires originated from the gods.

The gods are unknowable, and that includes me.

Even I don't know if there is such a thing as will, and if so, when and how it manifests itself.

So maybe discussing the gods is worthless.

It's just that power exists and it manifests.

-Woof

Kono Lint stared blankly at Tiamata, who oozed ominous darkness.

I don't need to be told that it's ridiculous or that it's impossible.

It's actually happening, so it's possible.

Because what you see is what you get.

"Nonsense......."

Pure divine power.

Its power is manifested in its opposite.

Olivia didn't move, just mumbled something to make sure she was paying attention.

For a very long time.

It's been about two hours since Olivia began her ritual.

"ugh....... 읍......."

Kono Lindt started to yawn, then shut his mouth as if he didn't think this was a good time to yawn.

Or maybe just a little yawn. I think I'm going to get one.

"...... normally takes this long?"

He shakes his head.

"Well, that's what rituals are for."

I've never made a Death Knight myself, and I've never seen Olivia make one.

But Olivia was on a mission to purify the fallen Tiamata.

"Hmmm....... If it's going to take this long, I don't mind here, but it might be a little tough in a national cemetery......."

Herriot said.

"......Yes."

I didn't expect it to be easy, but if it takes too long, you may need to drastically revise your plans.

It's out of sight, out of mind. In a national cemetery, we don't know who will see what we do, when or where.

Even if it's nighttime, it's pretty embarrassing to be seen by someone.

-No.

But in the distance, Olivia must have heard our conversation, because she shook her head.

-It doesn't normally take this long.

-Pak!

Olivia narrowed her eyes and plucked the tiara from the stone floor of the cemetery.

"Are we done?"

Has he already been Deathknighted and has he been absorbed into the sword, or has he been summoned back?

Olivia shook her head as we walked down the stairs.

"I'm not done, I haven't even started."

"......what?"

"It's not responding at all, no matter how much divine power I pour into it."

Olivia stares at the silent graves.

"Did they do something to it? Purified with pure divine power, blessed, or whatever......."

Olivia hummed and crossed her arms.

"I'm not sure, but......."

"Could it be that too much time has passed since his death?"

At Harriet's question, Olivia shook her head.

"I've heard stories of the ...... pagans making Death Knight out of ashes, and even if it's all rotted away, my divine power is enough to scrape together the traces and force it to rise."

Olivia has a lot of power.

It's almost enough power to make it work, but it doesn't.

Herriot gets a puzzled look on his face.

"Are we prepared for this? I didn't hear that from Charlotte."

"I mean, no matter how much he doesn't like the two of us, he's not going to lead Reinhardt astray."

Charlotte is royalty, so she should have some idea of royal funeral customs.

If I were preparing for undeadization, I would have made that clear.

"Maybe he didn't tell me because it was too basic? That's possible. Or maybe I have too much faith in my abilities. Hmmm....... But honestly, I'm pretty confident I can raise makeup bone dust....... This is the Empire, after all. Maybe there's a special way to do it that I don't know about......."

It fails.

Corpses in the Hall of Heroes could not be revived.

"Well, we're special people, so I guess we can do that, and it's not like this is the end of the world anyway, we can go somewhere else, right?"

Harriet comforted Olivia, who was looking downcast.

Harriet is right. There are tons of graves in the national cemetery.

It's a shame we couldn't revive the Heroes of the Mausoleum, but we won't be stuck here much longer.

"Da, where else....... somewhere else?"

Kono Lint was fed up with being told that we had the following in store for our misbehavior.

"Yeah, you don't have to come with us this time, although we'd love to have your help."

"Oh, no....... What....... What to do......."

You don't need Kono Lint this time. Of course, there's no one better to help you escape than Kono Lint, but this isn't an imperial palace or a temple, so Herriot can do it.

Kono Lint seemed to be debating whether or not to go through with this again.

We may have tried something and failed, but we didn't rob an imperial mausoleum.

If you don't have to do something bad together, why do it?

I was about to say that, because I don't think it's a bad idea to get out of this.

"It's weird to say the least."

Olivia said.

"What is it?"

Olivia bit her lip at my words.

"That's weird."

I don't know if it's hard to accept that I've failed, but there's certainly no one with Olivia's divine powers.

However, if the empire does something special and you're prepared to deal with it, I guess you can't help it.

"Weird, this."

Olivia suddenly walks off somewhere.

Toward the grave.

"What, what are you doing?"

Herriot paled at the sight of Olivia standing in front of the grave.

Olivia squatted down in front of the sarcophagus and gripped its lid with both hands.

A tendon sprouted on Olivia's forehead.

"Eat!"

-GGGGGGG!

The lid of a giant sarcophagus, immovable to a normal person, begins to open with the sound of scraping stone.

No, what are you doing?

"Aah! Tea!"

-Giggle!

The sound of scraping stone rang out, and Olivia forced the closed sarcophagus open.

"Yeah....... I knew it."

A wry smile tugged at Olivia's lips as she looked down at the sarcophagus.

Suddenly, Olivia, who has opened the lid of the closed coffin, looks back in our direction.

"Empty."

"......what?"

"?"

"What?"

"Nothing."

I walked over to Olivia's side to see what she was talking about, and I couldn't help but freeze.

The inside of the sarcophagus was empty.

Nothing.

Conor Lint and Harriet stumbled over, frozen when they saw the coffin was empty.

Maybe it's a case of Lagan Artorius.



[Ludena Yan].

[Rest in peace, the great hero who stood alone against the darkness of the Darklands and protected tens of thousands].



I don't know who it is.

But if there's an expression for sleeping here, then the ashes should be here.

Despite the three of us being mesmerized, Olivia started opening other coffin lids.

-GGGGGGG!

-Thump!

"Here."

-Thump!

"Here."

-Thump!

"Hmm."

-Thump!

Olivia's expression hardened as she opened the other five sarcophagi in a flash.

"It's all empty."

Olivia didn't fail.

In the first place, there were no remains.





