Episode 556.





"They're all empty."

The second floor of the Hall of Heroes.

Olivia and I opened the other sarcophagi to find that the remains were gone.

There were so many sarcophagi that I couldn't open them all, but I was pretty sure they were all empty without checking.

Not only was Herriot missing, but Kono Lint was too.

"This is....... I think......."

Harriet stares at me, still.

"......If we could think of it, so could someone else."

"Yes......."

Raise the undead heroes of the past and use them for power. Olivia's idea was unusual and grotesque, but it came from a human mind.

Who says we can't say what we think of others?

"Well, by the way....... Someone, like us, came in here like this and....... revived the body and walked out?"

Conor Lindt was frozen.

"It's weird that you're not freaking out after all this, and frankly, I wouldn't have gotten in here so easily if I wasn't capable of it......."

If the mausoleum had been robbed long ago, there should have been a big fuss.

Kono Lint's statement that we may not get caught is true, but others must have left a trail.

"Where is the evidence that it has to be some other faction doing this?"

"......?"

This is stupid.

"If it was the imperial family, of course there wouldn't be a fuss. Who the hell knows?"

The imperial family reanimates the remains of the mausoleum as undead.

It's a horrifying thought, but it's not something that can't happen.

Only the Imperials can confirm that.

"This is ridiculous. The Empire would do such a thing, Bertus?"

We were going to do everything we could to survive the war, to win the war, and we were going to use every means at our disposal.

So Bertus can make that choice.

"Not for sure. We haven't figured out the Empire's use of the undead yet."

The empire may have had other reasons, and they may not have had anything to do with undeadization.

It's just a guess because the body is missing.

Olivia says with a stern look.

"We should go to the national cemetery."

We don't know what happened in the imperial mausoleum.

But there's no use for it here anymore.

"This might not be the end of it."

Olivia's eyes narrowed as if she were imagining something sinister.



* * *



The sarcophagi in the Hall of Heroes were all empty.

In a way, we were planning a felony and stumbled upon a bizarre case.

We are under no obligation to investigate this case.

But we need to figure out what happened.

The most likely candidate is the Empire.

But Olivia wanted to go one step further, and she knew it wouldn't be the end of the story.

Kono Lint didn't mind not having to accompany him to the national cemetery when his work at the mausoleum was done.

But he followed us, demanding to know what was going on in this strange business.

It didn't exactly follow, but rather led with its spatial movement.

We made a quick exit from the imperial palace and traveled with Kono Lint to the national cemetery where the night fell.

It was night, so the cemetery was naturally deserted, and mourners would have no reason to be in this location at this time of night.

That's why the vast cemeteries were empty, but the temples were lit.

The resident priests, administrators, and guards will remain.

A graveyard area for those who were not able to enter the Hall of Heroes, but made their mark.

We've reached the outskirts of the cemetery, out of sight of the temple's lights.

"What the hell is going on here......?"

Konorint looked at Olivia, whose face had hardened into a cold mask of fear.

"I won't know until I see it."

In the darkness, Olivia begins to scan the graves, headstone by headstone.

A graveyard of warriors.

None of the names are familiar, but Olivia walks past them one by one, staring at the headstones.

"What are you trying to see?"

"Date."

When Harriet asked, Olivia answered simply: "I don't know.

Olivia scanned the tombstones wordlessly, and soon she was standing in front of a grave.

Maybe they were trying to find a more recent grave.

"I'm going to start working, cover me up."

"Is ...... okay?"

"I'm not going to do this on a large scale. If it's just one, it's hard to get caught."

Since we're going to be doing something different than the original plan of a massive undead resurrection, it's easy to hide.

No one comes and goes, but it can't hurt to be careful.

Herriot casts stealth and other concealment spells, while Olivia rests her hand on the tombstone and begins to channel the holy power of Corruption.

Konorint stares at me with a look of fear.

"You can't possibly....... that this place might be all empty....... that it might all be empty?"

If not only the mausoleums of heroes, but also the graves of fallen soldiers in the national cemetery are all empty.

What happens then, and how do I deal with it?

His lips were quivering.

"I don't know, I'm not sure about anything until I see it for myself."

"......."

At my words, Kono Lindt shook his head.

How much time has passed.

-Woof!

The flat green grass behind the headstone began to stir.

If the area is shaking, it means something is trying to come out of the ground.

We're good here.

Because that's what it means to have something to revive.

"Ugh, ugh......!"

Kono Lindt's complexion turned blue and he began to tremble.

-Woof! Cringe!

-Swoosh!

Soon, the grass stirred, and a skeletal hand emerged from the earth.

Resurrection of the dead.

To be more precise, it's resurrecting from the dead.

Konorint averted his gaze from the sight, and I watched the half-resurrection crawl out of the ground, arms outstretched.

-Grrr

We could see it crawling out of the ground with a chilling rumble.

A rotting corpse buried in the ground rose, shrouded in a black aura of corruption.

It wasn't completely decayed yet, so there was still some flesh attached to it, which made it all the more gruesome to look at.

Kono Lint didn't dare look at him, and Harriet covered her mouth to keep from feeling nauseous.

Olivia stares at the still, reanimated corpse.

"Ugh....... But the bodies are still here....... still there, right?"

"I guess so."

At Herriot's words, Olivia could only give a knowing nod.

Olivia stares at the skeleton, which has come to life and stares back at her with blank eyes.

Only the decaying flesh had been resurrected, without the spirit.

"I need to get a few more spheres up."

After staring at the reanimated skeleton for a long time, Olivia only added briefly, "I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to help you.



* * *



One by one, Olivia reanimated the bodies, not in a grand ritual, but as if she were burglarizing them in the dead of night.

Five phrases in total.

This was a very small number in the grand scheme of this cemetery.

"Say something, if you know something, I know something. If you don't know, say you don't know......."

Harriet muttered to herself uneasily as she watched Olivia, who hadn't said a word, just revived the corpse and stared at it.

The reanimated remains could only stare after us.

"Go back."

Olivia didn't respond to Harriet's comment, but spoke briefly.

-Grrr

And the ashes began to burrow back into the ground from which they had sprung.

"Put this back. I don't want you to find out what you've been digging up."

"What?"

"Go ahead, do it, I'll explain in a minute."

At best, Olivia returns them to their graves.

Herriot watched, nervously, as they crawled out of the ground and dug their way back into their graves.

Herriot telekinetically buries the dirt and grass and glues the torn grass back together.

I can't say it's obvious, but it's enough to fool the eye that it's been dug out. Olivia finally looks at me.

"I've searched five warriors' graves and have not been able to create a single Death Knight. What could this be?"

Olivia says she's tried and failed five times to make Death Knight.

These are the graves of the majors, the warriors among them.

It's not a wizard or anything.

I should be able to make a Death Knight or two, but they all failed.

"It's like the bodies were all switched."

It's not like an imperial mausoleum.

The body is there, but it's possible that someone other than the grave's owner is buried there.



* * *



The undead Olivia had raised went back to their graves.

I had to revive it, but I put it back to rest.

"All the graves I've caused are after the Gate, and after the Alliance."

Olivia was reviving the body by looking at the date, not the name.

"They're relatively recent burials. According to Mr. Sarkegar, the Allies are cremating most of the bodies, but the ones buried in this national cemetery after the Allies left, they were important enough that they had to be shipped back to the ecliptic for burial, not cremation. You know what I mean?"

"......, you know."

"It doesn't make sense that they couldn't make Deathknight out of five of those bodies, all of which were laid to rest in a warrior's tomb."

The body of a man of such importance that even the Allies, who cremate most corpses, must repatriate him to the ecliptic for burial. Such a man's power in life was not insignificant.

Since the body had just been buried, it would have been a perfect candidate for Death Knight.

But in Olivia's eyes, it was subpar.

Sure, maybe a phrase or two.

But it happened five times in a row.

"The bottom line is simple: you can't make Death Knight in a national cemetery by raising any corpse."

Olivia concludes coldly.

"The Empire is really making Death Knight? The Empire has....... who can wield demonic power like my sister....... like your sister?"

Olivia shakes her head at Konorint's words.

"We don't have to assume they're Death Knights, but if they're trying to get hold of the bodies of people who were powerful in life, we can assume that they're building something like that or experimenting with it, even if they're not Death Knights, and it doesn't have to be Kieran's power to create undead with Death Knight-like powers, because that's what black magic is, right?"

"ah......."

The process is different, but the result will be similar.

You don't need to know about demonic powers to create undead. There are similarities between black magic and the powers of Kier.

If we make Deathknights with the holy power of corruption, the Empire can make them with black magic.

"It might not be the Death Knights, as I said, and it's possible they're doing something other than actually creating the undead. But the Empire can't be uninvolved. This place and the Imperial Mausoleum are both under Imperial control, so hoping it's a third party and not the Empire is a bit optimistic."

Olivia's conclusion is that empire will never be irrelevant to this situation, and I agree.

The Empire may be creating the undead from the bodies of those who have died for humanity, or they may be doing something more.

It's just that the Empire did what we're trying to do first, and to say it's evil is to lie down and spit in the wind.

It's just shocking.

"That said, the move to repatriate the body to the ecliptic is more likely to be a ruse designed to steal it and do something else with it along the way."

"......I guess so."

It's a disguised procedure for establishing important majors and burying fallen warriors in the Zodiacal National Cemetery.

Bury someone else's body and use the actual body for something else.

Repatriating a body to the ecliptic is already an excuse in itself.

"But we've never seen the Empire field an army of undead."

"That's right....... I've never seen or heard of an army like that."

Kono Lint and Herriot said.

"You're saving it. For later."

Just as it's obvious when we fight alongside the Allies, it's obvious when the Allies start fielding battalions of Death Knights. There's going to be pandemonium.

It's an army you can't use unless you're really cornered. Olivia looks at me.

"If that happens, you have a plausible excuse. There are only so many things you can say and get away with, like the Empire is the Devil's army."

"......I guess so."

Let's say the Empire really does need to field a Death Knight army.

We tell them it's a demon army that has nothing to do with us, and that's that. The Alliance will panic, but it's better than admitting that they have a Death Knight army on their hands.

Because, as Olivia said, it's a continental reality right now that if you say that everything bad that happens in the world is my fault, most people will believe it.

The empire is stockpiling power.

You'll have to draw on the power you've stored up by raising the bodies of the fallen, but only at the very last possible moment.

Now that he had the excuse of being a demon, Bertus chose to reanimate the bodies of dead heroes.

Of course, this didn't happen in the original, because there was no universal excuse for a new demon, and even if there had been, it wouldn't have been used until the end.

We have no reason or right to blame him. If Bertus hadn't done it, we would have.

But Kono-Lindt couldn't help but wonder if it was shocking that the Empire would do such a thing with their own hands.

What is evil when we do it is evil when the empire does it.

"Unbelievable......."

For a while, he just mumbled incoherently.

Well, at least it would make some sense if a defined enemy did this.

In this case, it's technically a betrayal.

Isn't it possible that while we're calling them heroes for dying for humanity, behind the scenes we're reanimating them as the undead, creating an army of the dead for emergencies?

In my case, I don't care if it's known.

I'm a demon, and it's only when it's known that a demon creates an army of the dead that bad guys do bad things.

In fact, I was about to do the same thing against Bertus' wishes.

It's human nature that when a bad guy does something bad, it's ironic, but it's human nature.

I'm kind of like that, but I'm not an empire at all.

But if it became known that you were doing this, your empire would be torn apart.

"I think Bertus is taking an overly risky gamble."

I had no choice but to say so.

A risky gamble.

However, it's a gamble.

"By the way, you can't replenish your Death Knight at....... I'm afraid."

Herriot sighed with a complicated expression.

Bringing dead heroes back to life and using them as an army doesn't seem like the right thing to do.

I'm glad we don't have to do it ourselves, but I'm sure it's already happening in the hands of others.

This is both a good thing and a bad thing.

According to Herriot, we failed to replenish the Death Knight, and he had a very nasty suspicion.

Olivia shrugged at Harriet's comment.

"No? There's still one more to go?"

Huh?

What does that mean?

"What's left?"

"There was one more place I was going to go. I'm going to go there."

Olivia puts her hand firmly on Konorint's shoulder.

"Lindt, can you help me one last time?"

"Is that ......?"

"Are you going to help me?"

"Yeah, sure!"

Sadly, our Mr. Lint was not one to turn down an offer like this.

"Where are you going?"

Olivia's eyes narrowed at my question.

"If this is the work of the Empire, then the places that aren't part of it should still be intact, right?"

"What?"

"Oh....... No way......."

I didn't understand, and Harriet looked at me like she knew what she was talking about.

"The tomb of a saint."

Tomb of the Saints.

The tombs of the saints overseen by the Crusader Knights and the Great High Priestesses were, naturally, beyond the reach of Imperial influence.

In Charlotte's case, she still assumed we were going to rob the Hall of Heroes, and even if Bertus was actually making Death Knight, she wouldn't touch the remains of royalty.

But the tombs of the saints.

I can't comment directly, but I think it's pretty obvious what's in there.

"No, he, he....... Can I?"

Olivia's stepfather.

Former leader of the Crusader Knights and a man who died at my hands.

Someone who died a villain by my standards, but was said to have died honorably while fighting a demon.

Surely the grave of Leviathan is there?

"I'm going to make up for not being able to do it when she was alive."

Olivia smiled, and we were dazed by her smile.





