Episode 557.





The Tomb of the Saints is located in the basement of Crusader Headquarters.

And, as with most Allied forces, the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses were fully committed to this war.

As a result, the Crusader headquarters was operating with minimal staff.

Naturally, there are no palace or temple-level barriers at Crusader HQ.

It's not like I'm undead, so I can't get in and out.

As such, infiltrating the Crusaders' headquarters should be relatively easy compared to the Imperial Palace or Temple.

There are only a handful of people, and we're going to a place that's obviously off the beaten path: the tombs of the saints.

It's an easy place to infiltrate in the first place, and with Kono Lint's help, it was deceptively easy to make it to the Cemetery of the Saints.

"Damn, I really don't know what's right anymore."

When you're forced to help us do what we're trying to do, you're probably wondering if it's worth it.

But when he realized that the Empire was doing this by hitting him, it seemed to Kono Lint that all of his value judgments about good and evil became irrelevant.

He who is first to do evil is first.

That's why Kono Lint decided to help us for the third time to finally create Deathknight in the Tomb of the Saints.

"It's not as big as the imperial mausoleum, but this place is huge."

Tomb of the Saints.

The cemetery, located in the basement of the Crusader Knights, was not as massive as the imperial mausoleum, but it was ancient and solemn.

The overall atmosphere is not that of an imperial mausoleum.

At regular intervals, the walls of the huge communal hall were embossed with the holy symbols of the deities the dead saints worshipped, along with their names and biographies.

Like a morgue.

Within those walls are the remains of dead saints.

It's more like an ossuary with a coffin than an urn.

The coffins in the wall totaled more than ten stories in length.

However, the gap was quite wide, so the coffin at the head of the peak was almost seven meters up.

The tombs of the great saints, in particular, had their tombstones set in the ground, not against the wall, and their coffins buried behind them.

"The Crusader Order doesn't have a long history, so there aren't many saints' remains."

"You mean there will be more tombs in the great hall of each of the Five Great Patriarchs' headquarters?"

"Yes, but it's pointless, since all the other capitals would have been destroyed except for the Great Temple of Als in the ecliptic."

The Crusader Knights were created for the Great Demon War, and their history is not very long. As such, the remains of the saints were likely to be found in other crusades.

"Still, given its short history, most of the saints who enter the Mausoleum are chosen for their military accomplishments, not their theological ones, so I think we'll get more Death Knights from this side, so we won't need to go to the Great Battle of Als."

Those who died in the Demon War.

Those who died in the Gate debacle.

After all, a major is an accomplishment, so the saints of the Crusader Order will most likely be priests or paladins.

The absolute number of saints, at least, will be the remains of those who served their purpose in creating Death Knight.

"Keep the door closed. If anyone comes in and sees you, you'll be in trouble."

"Yes."

The great entrance to the catacombs. Herriot is in charge of blocking the door.

"Reinhard, can you check it out, because I'm in a bit of a bind without a body this time."

"Yes."

I turn to the common wall and place my hand on the opening of a sealed sarcophagus in the wall.

It's a sarcophagus that doesn't even have a handle, because once you shove it into the wall, there's no reason to open it again.

Without this body, things get a lot more complicated.

-Snap! Puck!

I smash the sarcophagus against the wall with my bare hands and check inside.

"I have."

"Okay, so you're saying that the Crusaders never joined in on this undead fun."

I was surprised that no one was surprised that I was able to break down a stone wall with my bare hands. Kono Lint wasn't surprised either.

Anyway.

This is when it became clear that the Empire was responsible for the evaporation of the bodies. If the entire Alliance was involved, the tombs of the saints would be empty.

What's happening now is imperial dictate.

Eventually, this time, I realized that the body was still intact.

-Bam!

Olivia stands in the center and strikes with her magic sword Tiamata.

"Okay, let's get real."

-Woof!

The power of corruption begins to trickle out of the blade.

There will be no failures this time.



* * *



Olivia said it wasn't supposed to take that long in the first place.

It only took me so long because I didn't realize there were no bodies in the imperial mausoleum.

Still, it wasn't a quick fix.

About 30 minutes into Olivia's ritual.

-thump

There was a dull thud, like something hitting the wall.

"ugh....... ugh......."

Kono Lint flinched and slithered toward me.

Yeah, it's a cringe-worthy moment.

The strange echoes continue from the walls of the Cemetery of the Saints, as if something has begun this time.

The sound of hitting something.

-Hududuk

A gray dust of stone dust rose from the walls, echoing from the ceiling of the communal room.

Statues and symbols of the gods shake.

-Thump! Thump!

The banging on the wall starts to get louder and louder.

The slow vibration gets faster and faster.

-Thump! thump! Thump! Puck!

And then there's the sarcophagus, the square tombstone embedded in the wall, whose lid is beginning to crack.

-Bang!

Then one of the lids bursts open with a cloud of dust and something crawls out of the wall.

The bones of a saint crawl out from within the walls, the bones of a saint who has passed into eternity.

-Grrr

With gaping eye sockets and pitch blackness all around him, he slips out of the cramped room and falls to the floor.

-Thump!

His skeletal body crashes to the ground, then slowly picks himself up.

A corpse rose to life, and a bony saint stood over it, his entire body radiating a white-hot energy.

-grrrr

Growling in a strange voice, the skeleton wakes up and slowly walks to Olivia's side.

The creeping energy from his body soon becomes a cloak of darkness, enveloping the skeleton from head to toe.

A skeleton shrouded in darkness.

The ultimate undead.

The Saint, resurrected as Deathknight, kneels before Olivia.

"Okay......."

-thump

-Thump!

The sound of awakened beings pounding on the sarcophagus filled the cavity, like birds trying to break free of their eggs.



* * *



The ceremony lasted an hour and a half.

Seventy-five phrases in all.

The Death Knights, now called the Seventy-Five, have risen.

There were definitely things that didn't happen.

However, the remains of saints who had been Deathknighted by the power of corruption were clearly before our eyes.

The underground cavity was sprinkled with stone dust from the broken sarcophagi.

With Herriot's noise-canceling in place, there were no priests who sensed something was amiss and came here.

I don't want to do a restore or anything.

We're leaving, and we're not coming back.

The Crusaders will be up in arms when they find out that the Tomb of the Saints has been nearly destroyed, but it's none of our business because they've already accomplished their goal.

This will not be enough.

But getting enough Death Knights is impossible in the first place. There is no such thing as enough power in this war.

The Death Knights are basically skeletons.

Wounds sustained in life, or parts missing, were rebuilt with the divine power of the Corruption.

-grrrr

The Death Knight has no living self, only an eerie, low rumble.

It's just a shell.

Olivia approaches one of the many Death Knights.

All of us, watching the spectacle in silence.

One of the seventy-five Death Knights. Behind it was the tomb of Leviathan Lance.

Olivia places her hand on the bony cheek of the Death Knight, who is bleeding with a common corruption.

"That's a lot of yelling."

The corners of Olivia's mouth twitched upward in an eerie way, and we watched in disbelief.

Deathknight, which is just a shell anyway, is not a Leviathan.

It's just that it was once a Leveraged Rancher.

Nearly immortal, he was killed by the magic sword Tiamata, which I stabbed into him.

He was brought back from the dead by the magic sword Tiamata, now in the hands of his daughter.

Olivia watched with a sickening grin as a pallid tear-like smoke drifted from the Death Knight's gaping eye sockets.



* * *



When she said she needed to replenish her Death Knight, Olivia must have been thinking of resurrecting Leviathan.

The rising Deathknights smoked out the Reconciliation Blade, and we exited the Tomb of the Saints.

"Is this....... done?"

"I suppose we could go to Als's place of worship, but I don't think it would mean much, just a bunch of old bones."

Olivia shook her head at Kono Lint's question, as if she didn't need to work extra just to get a Death Knight or two.

We're done with the ecliptic.

"......Can I go now?"

"What do you want me to do, take you to the Allied positions?"

"No, I can walk back by myself."

I got mixed up with the wrong guy, and now I'm being forced to help him do something I'll never do in my life.

But Kono Lint left us with bigger questions than the gruesome process of making Death Knight.

Suspicion that the Empire itself might be doing this, or worse.

It would have been impossible to tell what was what.

"Just in case, don't bother trying to figure out how this works."

"......."

Apparently, Kono Lindt had no answer to my question.

"Even if your abilities are optimized for infiltration, it's not worth the risk, and there's nothing you can do about it."

"......I guess so."

This is the kind of thing you're not supposed to know about.

If he tries to figure out what's going on on his own and gets caught by the Empire, something even stranger might happen.

"Anyway, good work."

Without Kono Lint, things would have been a lot more complicated, but it was easy and fast.

I couldn't be happier that I got the job done quickly, cleanly, and without running into any harsh people.

Kono Lint is silent for a moment, then cautiously opens his mouth.

Like you're about to say something you don't know whether or not to say, but you end up saying it anyway.

"The kids in my class are talking about....... do you know?"

"Roughly."

"......."

Those who died in this battle, and Ludwig, who was crippled.

It tells them you're spying on the Allies, but there's no reason to pretend otherwise. You know you're gathering information on the Allies in the first place.

Seeing that sadness, Kono Lint may have felt compelled to use his unholy power to prevent anyone else from dying in this war.

But it's complicated to know if it's right to capitalize on the deaths of people killed in war, and even if it's right for the empire to do it.

You create a Death Knight to prevent someone from dying, but you create a Death Knight out of someone who is already dead.

"All you need to know is ......."

Kono-Lindt didn't mince words about his sadness and grief.

We didn't really talk about it either.

It's just a sad, horrible, cruel thing to talk about.

It's time to go home.

However, Kono Lint doesn't turn away, but looks at me with a grim look on his face as if he's realized something.

"Hey. By the way, you....... I have a feeling you're going to call me whenever you need me in the future like this....... Am I mistaken?"

"Good to know."

"I don't like you, you bastard, I'm with the Allies!"

"Weren't we already in the same boat?"

You're already an accomplice! You can't get out of it!

His complexion is starting to turn white at my insistence.

"Get lost! I won't even look at you when you ask for help from now on, you asshole! I'm not fooled! I'm not fooled anymore!"

-pot!

Kono Lint scowled and teleported away. At his rate, he'd be able to get to the Allied strongholds a long way from here in no time.

If Kono Lint ever loses its humanity, it will be because of me.

"......Will we ever need Lint again?"

Herriot shakes his head.

"Well, that's a mystery. And then you put it there and it obviously falls into the same pattern. Unconditionally."

"Oh, no. I'll still suspect it's Mr. Sarkegar."

Olivia shook her head, as if Kono Lint could be that stupid.

"Well, I assume they'd follow you even if they knew it was Sarkegar?"

"Ah."

"Ah."

He's so despondent, he might follow me later, thinking that if he can be a pretty girl, it's okay.

She's so used to this that she's probably starting to think that maybe it's okay!

Sorry, Lint.

I think I broke you.

"By the way, wouldn't it be a good idea to see what they're doing in the Empire?"

"Yeah, I don't think it's dangerous for us, but I think we should know what we're doing."

Herriot and Olivia have a point.

I told Kono Lindt not to investigate, but our situation is a little different.

I don't need to, and don't intend to, put an anchor on what the Empire does.

But you have to know what you're doing.

"We'll figure that one out later."

Sarkegar and I are here, so do some intelligence gathering and you'll see what I'm talking about.

Right now, tomorrow, the Crusader HQ is going to be in a frenzy.

We're done with the ecliptic.

"Come to think of it, I have an idea......."

Olivia is trying to secure the Death Knight from a tomb in the basement of Crusader HQ. I thought of a possible candidate spot.

"Don't you think there's a graveyard or something like that in Demon Castle?"

That's the Demon King.

Like the imperial palace, the demon castle might have tombs of past heroes and high-ranking demons.

"Why did you send that to us....... Oh, right, you said you don't remember anything."

Herriot's reaction was like, why would the devil ask us that?

"It's worth a look."

"......But Reinhard. You said I was doing something weird, and you ended up thinking the same thing as me."

Right?

If you think about it, Olivia brought both of them back as Death Knights, but I'm a worse asshole, right?

If you're looking to capitalize on something, why not bring back ancient demons as the undead?

Then I had an asshole thought.

Finally, we headed to the demon castle in Darklands.

However, there was no such thing as a tomb of all-time demons in the Demon Castle.

but I don't know if it was already destroyed or if there was never a tomb in the first place.

Fortunately or unfortunately, in the end, we were unable to secure the Death Knight from the Demon Castle.





