Episode 558.





We went to the Demon King Castle with some expectations, but we came away empty-handed.

Still, we have seventy-five Death Knights, which Olivia says are superlative.

These Death Knights are much more powerful than the previous ones.

While not the war heroes of the Empire, the heroes of the Crusade who have been elevated to sainthood are by no means inferior.

Upon returning to Edina, we shared our operations with the Senate and others who needed to know.

"The mausoleum is empty?"

"Uh, not all of them are empty. The cemeteries in the Hall of Heroes seemed to be mostly empty."

Charlotte's reaction was unsurprisingly the most alarming.

Charlotte's jaw dropped at the thought of the Empire doing what we were about to do.

"What the hell are you trying to do......?"

"I'll use that force when I think I've reached my limit, but I don't know when that will be."

It's a very powerful army, but one that is bound to have some side effects.

Unless the situation is desperate enough to warrant such a side effect, Bertus will not bring out his army.

It would be nice to not have to deal with such an army until the end.

A cornered mouse will bite a cat, but a cornered humanity will do anything.

Even if it means spitting in the face of conventional ethics and morality.

You have to do something to survive, and this is probably one of those things.



* * *



I thought it would take a few days, but surprisingly it was all done in a day.

This was partly due to circumstances we didn't anticipate, and partly due to the help of Kono Lint.

After catching up, me, Harriet, and Olivia had a late dinner.

Herriot finished his meal quickly and excused himself to go see Lucinil.

Apparently, Herriot was going to spend the rest of the winter learning from Lucinil about her visions of dealing with spirits.

"You should go get some rest, too."

"I'd like to stay with you a little longer, since we don't have to do this often, can't you?"

Olivia shakes her head, "No, no, no.

You can't help but look cute, even if you're pretending to be cute.

Sometimes I think I'll get used to it, and sometimes I can't get used to it at all.

"Well, sure."

"Do you want to go up there? You know, where you hang out."

I thought about going for a walk, but Olivia seemed to have a place she wanted to go.



* * *



Olivia and I climbed the spire with hot tea in our cups.

I often look down on Edina from this spot. Even now, if I don't have anything better to do, I'll spend some time idling. Of course, given the time of year, that's rarely the case.

-Whoosh!

It's winter, and it's high up, so there's a cold wind at the top of the spire.

"Ugh, that's cold."

We're not really affected by the cold, but it was still cold.

Olivia sipped the tea in her cup and shivered.

"It's going to be pretty when it snows, isn't it?"

Olivia says, looking out over the wintry nighttime landscape of Lazak.

"It's just going to make it more crowded, and I don't think they should come."

"Is that so?"

If it snows, the frozen ground will only make life more difficult for people.

Olivia gives me a coy look.

"......."

"No, I'm just curious that you would think of something like that."

"......."

Right.

Instead of thinking about how beautiful the landscape will be when it snows, I think about how people's lives will change when it snows.

At what point did you lose the emotion and start thinking about the practicalities?

I'm not a man fit for a king, and I've actually let go of that job, but I can't change the way I think.

"You were originally an Archdemon, so is that what you think?"

"......?"

"That's weird."

Olivia sits down next to me and leans her head on my shoulder.

"Now that I think about it, you had a lot to hide in your Temple days."

"......I'm sorry."

"I'm not looking for an apology, I'm just saying....... I did."

"......."

It was a time when everything was a lie.

That lie made the situation, the relationship, and the world this way.

"I think you're the real you from your Temple days."

"......."

"So, Reinhard, who has become a demon, is somehow fake."

Olivia looks up at me shyly.

"There's no such thing as a secret, and if anything, you feel fake without it."

"Anything."

"Like you're trying to force it somehow."

"Trying to force yourself into clothes that don't fit, and it looks like you're doing it."

"You're a demon, this is what you're supposed to look like."

"I'm not sure."

"I think you should have just been Reinhardt."

"Bad temper."

"Harsh words."

"Violent."

"When someone asks you for help, you make a face and say you can't help them, but you end up helping everyone."

"I think that Reinhardt is who you are."

"I guess it would have been better to live like that, to stay the way I was and not have anything happen to me."

"Like now."

"You who think only of what hurts, and try to endure it somehow......."

"Sad."

The nature of being a demon.

Olivia seemed to realize that it and I didn't go together at all.

I wore a mask in the temple, and this must be my real self now.

In a way, Olivia is right when she says that everything in the moment of living under a false name must be fake, and everything in the moment of returning to a true name must be real.

But who I am in the temple is who I am, and who I am now is a fake, a forced imitation of who I am.

I can't be a demon or a king.

But I'm forcing myself to do it because I have to.

He said exactly what I usually think.

Everything feels overwhelming as you try to force yourself into clothes that don't fit.

It wasn't without thought, but it's a little more like me in the temple.

"Maybe."

Olivia smirks at my simple answer.

"I sounded like a crazy person today, didn't I?"

"......I think the problem is that you think it's not normal."

"What?"

Olivia's eyes widened.

No, it's not!

You're always a crazy bitch!

If you don't know that, that's even crazier! That's even crazier!

Then again, I'm probably an asshole for suggesting we go to Demon Castle.......

"Chet, you're only mean to me, and you're mean to that kid, and you're mean to Charlotte, and you're mean to Ellen, and you know they're always so nice and forgiving, and you're only mean to me, and you're mean to me. Do you feel sorry for me? Do you want to tell me everything that's been building up? Do you want to tell me?"

"......I did something wrong."

"But you know what?"

Olivia wraps her arms around my waist.

"I don't really hate that stuff, do I?"

"Why, why, why......."

"I think you're actually the most comfortable with me. I actually kind of like it."

I've come to accept that a little roughhousing is just part of being friendly.

"Maybe not actually, but it makes me feel a little better to think about it."

"...... Uh, what do you want me to do with the pros and cons?"

I don't know what to say as I watch his face go from sullen to cheerful to depressed again.

"I'm trying. I don't want you to feel bad."

"......."

Olivia has a lot to be sorry for.

I even try not to feel sorry for myself when I know I should.

Olivia said she would stand by me even if the world abandoned me, and she has.

The world may not have abandoned me, but it didn't change the fact that Olivia was by my side forever.

"Actually, is it a little weird to feel sorry for you after all the times you've saved my life?"

"You saved me, too."

"That's that, and this is this."

Isn't that what you're supposed to say when it's the other way around?

When Olivia found out I was a demon, she used her position and influence to try and save my life, even if it meant pulling a fast one, and apparently it worked.

Of course, there are some things that Olivia did that made me realize I was a demon.

The question of why the devil would kill Leviathan and let himself escape.

Now that that's out of the way, they can't help but trust me more after realizing I'm the devil.

In the case of Ellen and Charlotte, they felt betrayed, while Olivia was the opposite.

"Knowing that I was the reason you didn't get to go to the Miss Temple contest was kind of nice, now that I think about it."

"No, I mean, how do you go to the Miss Temple contest when your life is on the line?"

In the end, we didn't get to see Ellen in the dress, but the circumstances were different in the first place.

If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't be able to save Olivia and Adriana from going to the Miss Temple contest.

"You came to me anyway, that's all that matters."

Olivia hugs my waist harder.

"Now that I think about it, you couldn't have beaten my stepfather back then, Reinhard, you weren't exactly hiding your strength or anything."

"I did."

My people, of course, know that I wasn't hiding some kind of power in the temple.

I was truly incompetent. Most of my power and skill came from the Temple.

Olivia didn't see how I fought.

"How did you win?"

"I used a magic sword."

It was a monster that could survive a storm of flames and lightning and regenerate after its heart was pierced.

If it weren't for Tiamata, there would be no way to kill Revere Lance.

"Well, using that wouldn't have made me a match for you."

That's a valid point.

I shouldn't have been able to beat Leverier Lance. Of course, there was a lot of help, including situational conditions, and I wasn't the only one fighting.

But even with a magic sword in hand, Leviathan Rancher was no match for me.

"Well, whatever."

Blah, blah, blah, blah.

There was nothing else to say.

In the end, I went up against a foe I couldn't match, and I won.

It was reckless, but we did it anyway.

I risked my life to save Olivia and Adriana. At my words, Olivia sighs heavily.

"You're a weird kid."

"Only my sister would do it."

"Yeah, I'm letting you get away with being so mean to me because you did something to me."

So you're trying, Olivia said, and hugged me harder.

Perhaps the subject of Leviathan shouldn't come up between us; after all, I did kill Olivia's stepfather.

But this is a unique situation.

Olivia couldn't help but hate her stepfather.

He even went so far as to resurrect their bodies with Death Knight.

"No matter how you slice it, my stepdad and you are bad blood, right?"

"That guy has been screwing me over from start to finish. ......"

"Unbelievable?"

Crusader Knight Commander Reverie Ranze.

He was removed from his position as leader of the Crusaders because of the truth I revealed.

Then he tried to play puppet master with Olivia, saying it was a millennium and all, and he died at my hands.

And now he must rise as Death Knight and fight for us.

I wonder if there is such a thing as bad blood.

This is the kind of thing I wouldn't say if Leviathan came back from the dead and held a knife to my throat.

I don't care what he's done wrong, he's not just taking advantage of a man's life, he's taking advantage of his death.

"But what's ridiculous is that all of this wouldn't have happened if I hadn't touched her."

"I guess so?"

Olivia's bad blood with Levereer Ranché is all thanks to her.

Twice to save Olivia.

Once due to Olivia's request.

It's a funny and eerie coincidence.

Obviously, Levereer Lance was not a good father, and if he had been, he wouldn't have died at my hands in the first place, and I wouldn't have turned Olivia into Deathknight.

Olivia was forced to be a good girl, forced to live up to expectations.

He lived a life where it was normal to sacrifice yourself for others.

Of course, Olivia is not that person anymore.

What was once called the Saint of Eredian ended up being a twisted and tangled mess of events.

I became selfish, abrasive, abusive, and even asked to do horrible things with impunity.

"My dad wanted something called the Millennial Empire. You know?"

"Yes, because they were going to make the Crusader Knights an entirely independent faction."

"I didn't want to do that shit, I hated it. Why would you make me do that when you're God and Nabal and I don't even care?"

Olivia stares out over the landscape of Razak.

"Funny thing is, now that my father is dead and the world is falling apart, I've become the head of something called the Divine Cult, which combines the ideas of the five great gods and demonology."

"......."

"It's funny to me sometimes that I'm doing something I didn't want to do, something my father tried to force me to do, something I refused to do, and now I'm doing it of my own volition."

"You don't want to?"

"I don't know if I hate it, but it's not very good, is it?"

Olivia looks at me.

"It's like you're playing the devil."

You don't like it, but you have to do it.

It's not forced.

Neither Olivia nor I really want to do it, but we do it because we have to.

You're just trying to force yourself into clothes that don't fit.

"I wonder if we'll end up going to war with the Empire, and we'll end up becoming the masters of the Five Great Houses, either by destroying them or by absorbing them. I wonder about that sometimes."

It won't be called the Millennial Empire.

But what Revere Lance wanted Olivia to do.

Somehow, Olivia was getting closer and closer to it.

Is it really possible to plant a new faith in this land?

Olivia Ranze, who rules them all.

It's not as if Olivia doesn't have the potential to be the first superstar of that world.

"How happy would my father be if he were alive to see this?"

Olivia says.

It was a terrible joke, told in a tone of voice that didn't have the slightest hint of sincerity.

"Stop talking crazy......."

"Why, aren't you like the stereotypical kid who doesn't understand his parents and doesn't listen to them when they're alive and only comes to his senses after they're dead?"

"So please stop......."

I don't know about anything else, but you're never a filial sister!

Just because Leviathan Lance was a trashy stepfather doesn't mean you're a filial piety! If anything, you're worse now!

"Whatever."

Olivia puts her arm around me.

"It's windy."

The wind was as cold as the horse.

December.

Now, it's going to get colder.



* * *



No amount of power is ever enough.

But with the first round of reinforcements complete, we began to hunker down for the next Allied advance.

Olivia seemed to be working with the priests and paladins of the Holy Order on ways to enhance the Death Knights already created, or to permanently undead the monsters.

Charlotte was still serving as regent and attending to Edina's affairs, while Harriet was doing her usual magical research, sometimes alone and sometimes with Lucinil.

And I didn't really have anything to do in Edina anymore, except for image training with iris.

Charlotte already knew more about Edina than I did, so she was already my perfect backward compatibility, and I became a nuisance.

So I arrived at the Allied garrison to do the next thing I needed to do.

-Angel

Black cat.

What changed and how.

What's going on.

I'm going to check it out with my own eyes.





