Episode 559.





You could stay a kitten forever, but that would be unnatural.

I don't want the onlookers to wonder, "Why isn't this kid growing up?

So over time, it was growing a little bit each time it appeared.

"You're alive, boy."

I also recognized the guards guarding the Royal Class garrison.

"I don't know where you've been sneaking around and following me."

Definitely.

We can't do this until the war is over.

Despite what the guards say, this army is not in a fixed location, and there are constant battles in which many soldiers die.

But a cat that survives and reappears is actually pretty suspicious.

It's been a while since the end of the Occupation of Serandia.

Not surprisingly, the mood in the Royal Class garrison was much dampened.

Three people were killed in the last battle, and the Royal Class has a big hole to fill, especially in low numbers.

Delfin Izadra.

He was a good, nice guy, just like Ludwig was.

According to Sarkegar's report, Scarlett and Ludwig were in trouble and he died trying to save them, putting himself in danger.

While any death would be unfortunate, Delphine's death was bound to be pretty devastating.

Arguably, it's the death of the most characterized character in the original.

Elementalism is a very powerful force, and yet it's sobering to realize that you can lose your life in an instant, and no one is exempt from that.

Even if I saw in a preview a future where I would be killed after a fight with Ellen. If I let go and wait for death in the next battle, I will die.

Changing the future is easy.

It's just hard to change it to the future you want.

I'll have to check on Ellen, but for now, I'm going to wander around the Royal Class garrison.

The first classmate I met in the garrison was Klippmann.

"......."

Even in royal class, there are those who are cat-crazy and those who are not.

Ludwig, Klippmann, and Ledina were not interested at all. Or, to be more precise, they looked away.

I just don't have the heart or the time to give a damn about the little beast.

But now Cliffman was staring down at the cat he'd been ignoring.

"......was alive."

Then he leaned down and patted my head once.

Somehow, I realized there was a lot of meaning in that relieved gesture.

He then walked away without another word.

More important people should have survived, not these little beasts, but they didn't seem to think so.



* * *



When I'm in cat form, I tend to be a doublethinker.

It's a cat, not me.

So when someone pets me, I think they're petting the cat, not me.

If I don't think that way, I can't stand the idea of people, young and old, touching me.

I'm borrowing the cat look, but I like to think it's the cat that's cute, not me.

Of course.

Doublethink, as usual, is just platitudes.

Just something....... If I don't at least think about it, I'm going to lose my mind with self-pity.

According to Conor Lindt, I am a pervert.

It's the worst kind of pervert, the kind that turns into a beast.

Of course, it's not just the guys who were my classmates in the Royal Class Garrison.

There were seniors and juniors. They were happy to see me (the cat) after a long absence, even if the mood was somber.

Honestly, the worst part of being a cat is not being petted or having someone touch your paw constantly.

"You're hungry, eat this."

-.......

It keeps trying to feed me something.

I'm not actually a beast!

I don't want to heat up milk or anything!

Do you guys know the humiliation of putting your head down on a plate and eating something?

Real cats don't think about that stuff, but I do!

"Aren't you hungry?"

-Angel

I don't know if it's a new thing, but there are some guys in the restaurant tents who give you what they've been eating.

Painful.

I actually ate it with my eyes closed a few times, lest I be labeled as having an advanced taste in wildlife.

It's hard being a beast and having to do beastly things.

In a generally subdued mood, I wandered around the Royal Class garrison.

-She said?

-You never know when you're going to need it, so keep it charged up as much as possible. It's not even half full yet.

-We're going to be here until winter is over anyway, so what's the rush?

In the distance, I could see Redina and Kaier arguing.

What's different about what we've seen so far is that things seem to be reversed somehow.

I'd seen Redina snapping at Kaiir all the time over the arc crystal charging issue, and I knew they had a very bad relationship.

-It's not like we don't have monsters, and you're the one who told me to keep them charged because you never know when you'll need them.

-No, I mean, how many times do you tell me I'm wrong? Come on, really....... You're telling me I did everything wrong.......

-How many times have I told you that you're not doing anything wrong to me. Why don't you get it?

-I know....... I know, but there's no need to be so urgent. You don't understand what I'm saying.

But for now, it was a weird situation where Kai was doing his own thing and Redina was stopping him.

-I'm doing it because I can, I'm not always pushing myself, leave me alone.

-A.......

Eventually, a red-eyed Redina cried, and Kaier left her alone and walked off somewhere.

"That asshole is doing it again."

A sound next to me made me turn my head, and there was Kono Lint, arms crossed, tongue in cheek.

He looked down at me and lifted it up.

"Where have you been hiding and now you show up?"

...... You're not talking to Reinhardt, are you?

He didn't realize I was turning into a beast, did he?

Even if I did, I honestly don't think it would make much difference.

The only way to find out is for Reinhard the Pervert to become Reinhard the Crazy Pervert.

Kono Lint glares at me.

Like you're thinking about something.

He's an idiot.

You're an idiot.

"To ......."

After saying something unintelligible, he put me back down.

After walking away for a while, he looks back at me.

-Angel

Let's just shake our heads.

-...... to this.

He did it one more time and then walked away.

When I try to see it and it's not there, I'm an idiot.



* * *



Of course, I've always been interested in cats, but not as much as I used to be.

Some of us are relieved that these little beasts are still alive, but in the end, we can't help but think about the ones that are gone.

Barracks and mess halls aren't the only things you'll find in a Royal Class garrison, of course.

-Ka-ching!

"Can we try ...... one more time?"

"It's ......."

I'm watching Ludwig pick up his fallen sword in the open-air training grounds of the Royal Class Garrison.

His opponent was Scarlett.

Ludwig smiles sheepishly and grips his sword with his left arm.

"Sorry, I'm not used to it."

"......."

Ludwig was practicing his left-handed sword.

I didn't think he'd give up easily, but he's trying to make a breakthrough with only his left arm.

Scarlett looks at Ludwig as if she's going to cry.

"Ludwig, I can always help you more, I can always do more, but......."

"Even if you only have one arm, you can still enchant."

Ludwig was not wrong. Even in his current state, Ludwig would still have a level of combat prowess that no ordinary soldier could match. A superhuman is a superhuman, even if he's missing an arm.

But thanks to Moonshine, Delphine had also been elevated to superhuman status.

Such a delphin is dead.

In a battlefield and fight where everyone is dying, Ludwig would have a high probability of dying if he went into battle in that condition.

It's suicidal.

"Ludwig, I will fight to the death for Ludwig. Because of me....... Because of me, Ludwig, Delphine......."

"No, no."

Scarlett started to cry, but Ludwig shook his head firmly.

"No, it's not your fault."

"......."

"It's my fault, it's all my fault for being weak."

That's a strange thing to say.

If Delphine's death wasn't Scarlett's fault, it shouldn't be Ludwig's either.

But Ludwig blames himself for everything.

Pathological levels of self-loathing.

I wonder if Ludwig has come to suffer from that too.

"I'm sorry, I know this is a lot to ask of Scarlett, I didn't think of that. I'm sorry......."

"Oh, no, that's fine."

"I'll do it alone, it's not a fight that requires sword skills anyway, and killing monsters doesn't require skill."

You said being able to hold a weapon with your left hand is important, not skill.

Convinced that it was selfish of him to ask Scarlett, to whom he is indebted, to watch his swordsmanship, Ludwig begins to enchant himself, holding the sword in his left hand.

Scarlett offers to help, but Ludwig declines, saying he thinks Scarlett would be better off with personal training.

Scarlett finally left the theater with a tear in the corner of her eye.

Responsibilities.

Guilt.

The relationship between sharing something like that was sad and unfortunate from afar.

Ludwig wasn't the only one on the stage.

There were many other seniors and juniors who were also engaged in dueling, training to strengthen their powers, and so on.

I look at Ludwig as I sit in the corner of the room.

"Suck!"

-Woof!

Train with weighted strikes, including kicks as well as swords in the left hand.

It's superhuman training, so the scarecrows aren't just any scarecrows, they're special scarecrows built to withstand powerful blows and physical force.

-Puff! Thump!

"Poof!"

-Hair!

Ludwig, however, is unable to keep his balance and falls when he tries to kick, and is struck in the head by a ricocheted sword as he swings.

Ludwig was right-handed.

But in the end, a sword is more likely to be used with both hands, especially when fighting monsters.

I lost my dominant hand, and two-handed swordplay became impossible.

Losing an arm is not math.

So it's not that half the combat power is gone, it's that most of it is gone.

I watched as Ludwig, who had virtually lost everything, tried to make do with his left hand, with what was left of it.

-Thump!

There's a loud bang, and it's not just the scarecrow that Ludwig hits.

But the other seniors were all looking at Ludwig with a bit of annoyance.

Perhaps it was the eeriness of the sight of Ludwig, crippled and wounded, sweating profusely, yet still able to do so.

Ludwig is basically sincere.

I knew that from the beginning of my enrollment.

However, I wonder if you can call it sincerity to lose an arm and still beat a scarecrow to fight more.

That's not sincerity, that's insanity.

Ludwig was superhuman and beyond the category of ordinary human.

But in the end, it's a cart missing a wheel.

-Thump!

"Boom!"

I couldn't even get my balance right and would fall over, and of course my sword was terrible.

While someone's desperate efforts can be admirable to watch, Ludwig's were merely hopeless.

It's just trying to do something it can't do.

You'll be able to fight even if you don't have arms, and if you don't have legs, you'll be able to fight with prosthetic limbs.

But when it's not humans you're up against, but monsters, you'll inevitably die if you're missing something in your arsenal, even if you're fighting at full strength.

If Ludwig was a wizard, he might have been a psychic.

But when you're fighting one-armed, you're just trying to find a place to die.

So seniors, juniors, classmates.

Seeing Ludwig like that, I couldn't help but get a little nervous.

Right now, the Allies are raising the dead as Death Knights. But that doesn't mean you have to fight Ludwig.

That's just an obsession.

Obsession with doing one more thing.

It's just, it's anchored in evil.

Ludwig didn't scream in pain or throw his sword away.

I didn't fall to my knees and scream about why things weren't working, or say things that made me hate the world.

-Thump!

-Puck!

-Ka-ching!

He loses his balance, falls over, picks up weapons that have been knocked away, and relentlessly beats on the scarecrow despite not even being able to properly power up his attacks.

Just as there is no shaking, no despair, no pain.

You're just beating a scarecrow to a pulp.

Never giving up is a characteristic of Ludwig, and it's a setting I've given him.

But I couldn't help but feel eerie about Ludwig's refusal to give up, even when he should have.

At this point, you should give up.

You will die in the next battle.

Ludwig thought the world was supposed to give him what he wanted, but the world took his arm.

Ludwig is no longer the main character.

So I should give up now because there will be no next time, but I don't.

I'd rather see Ludwig give up and go back to the back of the story.

I hope you're not running for your life.

But nothing seemed to stop Ludwig.

There seemed to be nothing I could do to stop that insane obsession, that need to do something.

As humans, there are times when we have to give up.

I realize with my own eyes how dehumanizing Ludwig's characteristic of not giving up was.

There was nothing sublime about Ludwig.

It's ugly and hopeless.

The sun was starting to set as the exhausted seniors were slowly leaving.

"Ludwig."

Someone who was still on the stage approached Ludwig, who was drenched in sweat, even in this cold weather.

"......Yes."

"I don't know what day it is, but that's enough."

"......?"

"You can't fight more."

It was Klippmann with a serious look on his face.

He came to me because he couldn't stand to see me in this mess anymore.

"Go back to the ecliptic, you've got your majors, you're good enough."

Ludwig shakes his head at Klippmann's words.

"No, I can do more."

"No. I can't."

Klippmann stands before Ludwig with his sword in its scabbard.

"If you don't know why not, I'll tell you now."

As if to dare him, Klippmann positions himself as Ludwig is enveloped in blue magic.

Ludwig looks only at Cliff and nods.

"You want to duel ......? Then you'll have to enchant......."

"You don't need to use it."

Cliffman has no weapons.

"I don't need that much to deal with one asshole."

"......."

Rather than watch Ludwig run to his certain death, Klippmann seems to want him to wake up and get off this battlefield.





