Episode 560.





Ludwig wasn't angry or outraged by Klippmann's call of an asshole. He wasn't that kind of guy in the first place.

But we stuck to our guns.

-Puck!

-Thump!

-Bam!

It was painful to watch.

Klippmann played Ludwig without any real enchantments.

Ludwig had blue magic all over him, but he couldn't even touch Klippmann.

Without an arm, Ludwig's superhuman agility and strength were hindered.

First of all, I couldn't even run properly. I was off-balance, and my runs were clumsy.

Without a weapon, Klippmann used Ludwig's strength against him, knocking him down, pinning him down, and stomping on his legs.

Ludwig's unoccupied right side.

Attack only weaknesses.

Without even an enchantment, Klippmann literally toyed with Ludwig.

Ludwig's left-handed sword was untouchable by Klippmann's.

Rather, as if the sword itself were Ludwig's penalty, Klippmann used the trajectory of Ludwig's sword to catch, kick, and subdue Ludwig.

It's almost as if using a weapon is a weakness.

"You were always strong, but....... I think you've gotten stronger, Cliffman."

Ludwig rose to his feet, propping himself up with his left arm, and smiled weakly. Klippmann was neither laughing nor angry.

"You know it's not."

"......."

"You're weak, badly."

Ludwig had no answer to Klippmann's point.

If Ludwig had been in his original state, he wouldn't have been able to overpower Kliffman like this, not even with a magical enhancement.

"There are people who train with just their left hand, just their right hand, and become masters of their weapons that way. It's not like there weren't one-armed swordsmen, and I'm sure there were some in the master class."

Kliffman says.

"But you've got two months at most, three months at most, and there's no way you're going to get there in that time. It's not going to happen."

You have to adapt to a different body, a different fight.

If Ludwig keeps this up for another 20 years, it could be a master class in one-handed monster slaughter.

But we're running out of time.

To think that in two months we'll be able to fight as we are is neither arrogance nor conceit, it's just the delusion of an overly optimistic fool.

"I have to do something. I can't give up like this. Even if I die, if I can save at least one person from dying because of me......."

"I thought you said Delphine wouldn't have died without you, didn't you?"

"......."

Ludwig's eyes widened at Klippmann's rant.

It's amazing how Cliff, a man who can't deal with people, can say such harsh things.

Too many deaths changed everyone.

And Cliff was no exception.

"Would it be rude if I told you that you overreached to save Scarlett, and that's why Delphine died trying to save your overreaching self?"

"No offense, it's true."

Ludwig nodded meekly at Klippmann's rant.

Ludwig himself is probably the one who thinks the most about what Klippmann said.

That's why I was kicking myself.

Ludwig was not outraged by Klippmann's words.

Nod your head in agreement.

"That's right, I killed Delphine, it's all my fault, my weakness......."

"If you know it's wrong, don't make it worse."

"Yeah. So I need to find something I can do with this body......."

"That's more wrong."

Cliffman shakes his head.

"If you die trying to do something, you're going to think that at least you tried, so there's no shame in that?"

"Don't you think about how the people left behind feel?"

"You know what it's like to be left behind, and how do you think it's going to make other people feel if you die fighting over a topic like this?"

"Ludwig. You seem to be thinking of beating the scarecrow until this winter is over, but don't."

"The best thing you can do is get back to the ecliptic."

"Stop acting like you're going to die right now. Go back to where there's no fighting."

It's not that I don't understand Cliff's feelings when he says this to Ludwig.

Doing nothing is helping.

If you die, you're just making everyone else suffer more.

"You're caring, you're nice, you don't say mean things to people, you know?"

As if he knows what Ludwig is thinking, Klippmann walks over, puts his hand on Ludwig's shoulder, and looks him in the eye.

Consideration.

Goodness.

"Now you have to consider us."

"......."

"You're having a very bad effect on the entire Royal Class garrison."

An obsession with fighting that borders on insanity.

The one-armed man, gritting his teeth, stumbling, falling, and still trying to get up and do something.

They don't see human greatness in it.

You're looking at a one-armed man flailing in despair.

People look at Ludwig now and despair.

"You're not looking out for us, you're not looking out for the people. You're looking out for us by going back to the ecliptic. You're looking out for us by staying alive. You're looking out for us by staying alive. That you're safe, that you're in a safe place. Go back."

Real caring.

It probably never occurred to Ludwig that he was being a nuisance to people.

I didn't realize how much I was ruining the mood and making people feel like they were about to die.

Ludwig doesn't give up.

But Ludwig is basically a good guy and tries to be considerate.

You shouldn't be here.

That's caring.

So give up.

"......."

Ludwig couldn't deny Klippmann's words.



* * *



Klippmann left, verbally abusing Ludwig.

Ludwig was the only one in the dimly lit hall.

Like Klippmann's words, Ludwig's actions had a dark shadow of death about them.

Ludwig's mortality was literally palpable, so aside from feeling sorry for him, people couldn't help but think that he was going to die soon.

It's to everyone's detriment.

If his work only affected himself, Ludwig would be stubborn.

But Ludwig realized that his stubbornness was hurting others, too, thanks to Klippmann's words.

Ludwig stood there for a moment, saying nothing, then hung his sword in the armory and left the theater.

It was unknown whether Ludwig would break his stubbornness and meekly return to the ecliptic, or whether he would fight on nonetheless.

But it was clear that he was thinking about how his actions would be perceived by others as he rushed to his death, and how those left behind would feel if he actually died.



* * *



After watching Ludwig, I continued to wander around the Royal Class garrison.

"Ah, there you are."

When Adriana saw me, she squatted down and stroked my hair.

"I'm glad you're okay."

Adriana smiled slightly, but there was a deep sadness beneath her smile.

The death of Ard de Gritis.

Ard and Adriana's relationship was a strange one, one in which they were friends and not friends, but whether they were friends or not, the fact remained that they were comrades in arms on the battlefield.

It's only natural that Adriana would mourn his death.

Ard bumped into me at first, but after we apologized, there was no grudge left.

I even thought he was a good guy after all.

Adriana petted me a few times and then headed off somewhere.

Of course, just because someone is dead and gone doesn't mean you have to cry every day.

It's impossible to be upset and sad every minute of every day. You'll still be able to laugh, you'll still be able to have fun, you'll still be able to talk, you'll still be able to sing.

But even if you don't cry every day, the shade builds up.

I saw the indelible shade of sadness creeping into everyone's complexion, and it was thick on Adriana's.



* * *



Ellen wasn't in the garrison in the first place, and when I went into her barracks, I couldn't find her. Somehow, I'd been killing all day and she wasn't there.

I'm curious about Ellen's condition, but I'm here to gather information and get the full picture of the Royal Class garrison.

So, seeing that Ellen's barracks was empty, I continued to wander around.

For now, the most important thing is the context of the Empire's reanimation of the dead.

First, what happened to the bodies in the imperial mausoleum.

And what happened to the switched bodies in the national cemetery.

And what happens to the bodies of the fallen.

If you're actually doing something like that, or experimenting, is it because there's a secret room somewhere in the Allied garrison where you're doing it.

I'm making some educated guesses, but I don't have any visual confirmation.

In the case of the Titan, which Adelia and the Archduke were developing, we already had information. We don't know the details of the technology or methods, but the fact that they were building a giant weapon was not top secret.

Rather, it would have been a secret that such a weapon was in the works and would have been a huge morale booster once completed.

Indeed, many soldiers who saw the Titan's majesty must have felt that there was hope for the war as they watched the behemoth crush their enemies.

But reanimating a corpse is supposed to be top secret, so neither Sarkega nor I had any information about it.

The scary thing is.

The dead of the Royal Class, I wonder if they too will be resurrected as Death Knights.

In the case of Ard and Delphine, the bodies were never found.

In the case of first-year Kadina Ein, there was a body.

We don't know what the funeral arrangements were. However, it may have been stolen and Deathknighted in some way.

What happens when a dead friend realizes they've become a Death Knight.

And one more scary guess.

Turning someone undead is likely to involve black magic, unless you're using Kieran's powers.

B-6, Anna De Guerna.

A guy who has a talent for black magic and actually raises dead monsters to fight on the battlefield.

I saw that his tent was empty.

The time is night.

It was late at night and he hadn't returned.



* * *



At this point, we're not sure if Anna is actually involved in that work or not.

But it doesn't matter how talented you are, if you're working on such an important and secretive project with a wizard who's only 20 years old.

The Magical Research Society, creators of the Power Cartridge and Moonshine.

Anna's ability to do this has already been confirmed, as she helped Christina create Moonshine.

And in the first place, it's hard to call twenty-year-olds children, even if Adelia's knowledge of the Archduke and the Duchy of Saint-Thuan was crucial to the creation of the Titans.

Temple sophomores are special even within the Royal Class because of this.

An internal club of sophomores, albeit with one junior, had already created two history-making artifacts in their time as students.

I even made a Titan out of it.

There are demons, and even warriors.

Second-year Royal Class graduates are now treated as a very special breed in the Temple's long history.

So the likelihood that Anna de Guerna, with her black magic talents, is involved in some covert project the Empire is working on right now....... should be considered high.

I got KonoLint to cooperate with me in creating Deathknight by saying I had no choice.

There's nothing stopping the empire from making that offer to Anna.

They may even ask Anna to resurrect the bodies of the dead because they have no other choice. Anna isn't even the only warlock available, as the Temple has a warlock curriculum and warlocks.

I look at Anna's tent, which is empty.

Where did it go.

Is it coming back?

Anna's tent was open, so I went in and looked around, but of course, there was nothing there to really inform me.

-Apple

I also misplaced the catnip scent in the tent and got stunned for about 30 minutes.



* * *



Sickness.

Anna's tent was a minefield in a different sense for me.

I'm clearly gifted with poison resistance, so why doesn't it work on catnip?

Narrowly escaping the catnip leaves, he escaped Anna's tent.

If it's late at night and she hasn't come back, I wonder if she's going to spend the night in a lab or something.

As I stagger out of Anna's tent, I hear the distant clink of armor.

-Well done, warrior.

-...... four.

In the distance, Ellen was returning to the Royal Class garrison.

Apparently, he'd been on a mission all night.

-Angel

"ah......."

Ellen's steps quickened a little as she heard a distant cry.

Ellen looked at me in front of Anna's barracks and remembered something she'd forgotten.

He's been busy as hell, and judging by the amount of work he's had to do even now that the Serandia neighborhood has quieted down, he's not going to have time to care or think about anything.

As she approached in her armor, Ellen squatted down to touch me and flinched.

Ellen looks at her gloves.

There was a gross, dried bloodstain.

I wonder if they've been slaying monsters.

-sigh

He carefully removes his gloves and gently tickles the tip of my nose.

I don't really care if I don't take it off, but he seemed worried that it would affect me.

The gloves come off, revealing Ellen's still slender, white hands.

He touched the tip of my nose with his hand a few times.

"Goodbye......."

Ellen started to speak, but her mouth fell open.

I wonder if they think that saying goodbye is a word that doesn't fit the reality of this place.

I could tell that Ellen was in so much pain that she had to choose what she said to the animals.

"You've grown a lot."

-Angel

Ellen pats me a few times, then looks toward her tent.

"It must be cold. Let's go inside."

-Angel

White steam was coming out of Ellen's mouth. There was no denying it was cold.

Ellen led the way, and I followed.

I wasn't going to look up information about Anna today anyway.

Like everyone else, there was an indelible shade on Ellen's face.

What's going on with the spirits?

The more she was pushed, the harder it would be for Ellen to endure.

At least there wouldn't be any major fights this winter, so there would be relatively fewer deaths.

Once inside the tent, Ellen removed her armor and headed for the bathroom.

No, instead of walking away, he looks back in my direction.

"wash......."

-Hello!

"......You still don't like it."

Ellen headed for the bathroom alone, not wanting to be pushed.

According to doublethink, I'm not Reinhardt, I'm a cat, so I don't mind going in with him!

If it's not, it's not!

In the bright light of the tent, it was clear that whatever monster they had captured had left a trail of gory blood on Ellen's gloves and armor.

No, you weren't up against a single monster, you were up against a group of monsters.

Even as the garrison held its breath, people like Ellen and Saviolin Tana would have no time to rest.

I sat on the cot and waited for Ellen to come out of the wash.

By the way.

I always feel this way whenever I see something like this.......

Let's say everything works out later.

I don't know if we should call it reconciliation or whatever.

Anyway, let's say you're done.

If Ellen then realizes that this cat is me.

Isn't this just killing itself?

Honestly, I don't think I have anything to say about that.

This is the perversion of perversions, right?

I thought about it and ended up laughing.

I don't know what's going to happen, and I'm worried about getting caught.

I don't mind being caught doing this a million times if it all works out.

I was yawning like a cat in the middle of all this, when Ellen came back.

Ellen had changed into comfortable clothes and was wearing slippers.

The only time Ellen will ever be comfortable is when she's back in this barracks.

Normally, I'd be wrapped up in all that fancy armor.

It's frustrating.

No, it's not the armor that's stuffy, it's something else.

Ellen sat down on the cot for a moment, then pulled me onto her lap.

Then he starts scratching his back.

It smells good.

I don't know if it's more because I'm a cat, but.......

Uh.......

It's kinda weird, but it's a good, kinda weird feeling.......

It's a real death penalty if you get caught with this......?

Even in casual clothes, the unknown amulet around Ellen's neck continued to dangle.

I wonder if that amulet is protecting Ellen.

Or is she just holding on because she's strong, because she's special.

I don't know.

But Ellen is still here.

Sitting me on her lap, Ellen looks down at me.

"I'd forgotten about that."

-Angel

I wonder if they've completely forgotten that they used to keep these cats in their barracks and pet them.

It's not that I forgot, it's just that I didn't have time to think about it.

It's too much to worry about, and she'll have a lot of work to do after this battle is over.

So when she saw me in my cat form, Ellen looked like she had just realized something she had long forgotten.

Ellen puts me on her lap, and this time she scoops me up and looks me in the eye.

Ellen shakes her head.

"Should I feel sorry for you?"

-Angel

"I feel weird."

-Angel

"If you think I'm glad you're okay....... I don't think you should."

There were battles in which too many men died to rejoice in the survival of a single cat, and there were casualties even in the royal class.

How much pressure and responsibility is Ellen feeling?

"I think there are some people in the world....... who shouldn't have been born."

Ellen picks me up and holds me still.

"I think there are some people who would have been lucky not to be born."

I can't believe you're even thinking about that.

We blame ourselves for all of this, and we wish it had never happened. We wish we never existed in the first place.

So did Ellen and so did I.

We end up thinking the same thing.

"If I were as small as you....... if I were as small as you."

Because it has such a huge impact on the world that it's a terrible, terrible thing.

Still, it had to be fixed.

Ellen seemed to come to admire the insignificance.

If you were insignificant, you couldn't have had more than an insignificant impact, so you think you wouldn't have caused this.

"If I were a nobody....... would have been nice."

Ellen's words.

"Then....... would have been nice."

It sounded awfully sad.





