Episode 561.





For a moment in her sleep, Ellen seemed carefree. She didn't seem troubled or worried.

But even that was short-lived, as I began to break out in a cold sweat.

It will give you nightmares.

I would be intentionally nightmares by Airi, but Ellen would be unintentionally nightmares.

Whether it's the spirits trying to consume you, or the countless deaths you've seen, or the guilt you feel.

"ugh......."

I pitied the sweat that broke out on Ellen's forehead, but I wasn't Airi.

I couldn't do anything but curl up a little closer to Ellen, who was having a nightmare.

To my surprise, just by doing so, Ellen snuggled up to me in her sleep and soon began to breathe evenly.

Is this animal therapy....... What is that......?

Of course, some.......

The.

It's too close.

Well.......

Uh.

Yes, it did.



* * *



The next day.

Blurry-eyed, Ellen sat up.

"......."

-Angel

Ellen looks down at me.

It's an eerie sight, but I've gotten used to it.

The eyes were empty. It looked like something had taken over its consciousness, and it moved more like a machine than a person.

Ellen looks at me lazily for about three seconds, then looks away and stands up. Something other than Ellen is moving her body.

It's not that the conversation isn't happening.

I know he actually goes on missions like that and always comes back in one piece.

Bleary-eyed, Ellen went into the bathroom, washed up, and came out, ready to put on her inner armor and activate the armor cradle.

-Crack! Crack!

The seams of the armor connect on their own, and Ellen is dressed in a gorgeous warrior's armor.

The Cloak of the Sun and the Sword of the Moon were summoned to his shoulders and waist.

Ellen left the tent without looking back at me.

This happens over and over again, and eventually, when Ellen's consciousness lasts less and less time, she disappears.

I can't do anything.

Forcing the spirits out of Ellen's body is not something I can do.

Lucinyl is the only one who can do that right now. Not only that, but all the other Lord Vampires must be present.

And Lucinil and the other Lord Vampires of the Senate will not perform the ritual, no matter how much I ask them to. Antirrhinus, in particular, will refuse or sabotage it.

Even if you can pull it off, someone has to deal with that huge collection of spirits.

It doesn't matter if you enter the body of someone who hates you or someone who loves you.

It doesn't change the fact that Ellen is the only one in the world who can handle it.

At some point, you're going to have to risk it all and do something at the end of the day.

Hoping to save Ellen then.

I watched the back of something that looked like Ellen leave the barracks without a single word of greeting.



* * *



Ellen left the Royal Class garrison first thing in the morning.

In that state, Ellen is a machine, but she's not harming anyone or causing damage. Most people don't even realize that anything has changed.

In the first place, Ellen is soft-spoken and does what she's told, so unless you know her well, you don't know what's wrong.

I don't know if it's Ellen I'll have to fight one day, or something that's taken over her body.

In the previewed future, I lose to Ellen, and she commits suicide over my corpse.

We don't know if she's really Ellen or if the demons have taken over her body.

I've been practicing image training so that I don't lose when that moment comes, but I keep losing.

If you can win once in real life for the price of dying a million times in your dreams, that's good enough, but you never know until it happens.

No matter who's in control of Ellen's body right now, she's doing what needs to be done, and I'm no different.

I saw that Ellen's condition was slowly deteriorating, though not to the point of being critical.

I headed back to Anna's tent, but it was still empty.

I could tell right away if he hadn't returned or if he'd slipped in late and left early in the morning.

The inside of the tent was no different than what we saw yesterday.

Anna didn't come back yesterday.

The nature of magical research and experimentation often requires all-nighters, and professional researchers even sleep in their labs.

And just like yesterday, the Royal Class students who see me talk about cats and don't realize that I'm wondering where Anna is.

And, I hate to say this, but it's weird on Ellen's part to say things like this, like she's talking to me.

When they saw me, they didn't say anything, they just petted me or talked amongst themselves.

There are inevitable limitations to gathering information in the form of a beast.

That is, it's impossible to detect.

Since it's impossible to ask questions, I can only gather information from human-to-human conversations.

Goro.

If it was a human, you could just ask her where she went, and it would be solved, but since it's a cat, you have no idea where she's going or what she's doing unless she comes up in people's conversations.

And the problem.

"When is this guy back again?"

"He's grown up, too."

-Angel

People come up to me and talk about their cats, but they don't talk about anything I'm curious about.

Even if you do overhear something, it's frustrating to be hovering around the millennium mark, waiting for the topic of Anna to come up.

Should I just call this a conorint?

He might know where Anna went.

By the way.

I don't even want to tell you that the cat in the Royal Class garrison was actually Reinhardt.

That....... I realize that it doesn't really matter if Kono Lint finds out anymore, because I've technically told him something he shouldn't have known, so what difference does it make if he knows more?

I don't need to hear any more of your weirdo shit here.

You don't even have to reveal that you're a cat, you can just go back to being beautiful as usual....... or something along those lines, just make sure you somehow run into him outside the Royal Class garrison.

You're right, there's only one woman in your life who's going to be like this, and it's either Sarkozy or me, so you know the drill.

However, Cono Lint is a non-combatant in the first place, so his usefulness is always in play.

Because they can move anywhere at a moment's notice, cono lint are actually the hardest to find.

And if you tell them not to find out what's going on, and then call them back, they're just as bad.

No, but he's not really trying to figure this out on his own, is he? He could get himself into a lot of trouble.

It's clear that Anna hasn't returned to the garrison.

But that doesn't tell us if Anna is really involved in this or not.

Sarkeghar is also gathering information, so even if I'm wrong, he might have something.

For now, the limits were clear on my end and I was only in the Royal Class garrison.

Sarkhegar, looking at the entire Allied garrison, might have gotten something different.



* * *



Specified time, scheduled meeting point.

Returning to my human form, I met up with Sarkegar in a secluded spot in the supply depot area of the Allied garrison.

"It's hard to gather information."

"...... also does."

It's not that easy to get information about Titan, but in this case, it's the kind of research or experimentation that should never be publicized.

So it was going to have a different level of security than Titan.

"Basically, wizards have a habit of not wanting to let anyone know what they're working on, so security is tighter than in other places."

"Habit?"

"Yeah, it's kind of like a dog burying a bone."

Sarkozy's quote was funny in this context, too.

Wizards have a pathological aversion to revealing their work to others, which is why they tend to be obsessively security conscious.

If it's more of a habit, it's something you do even if it's research that's not necessarily a secret.

"Also, wizards tend to encrypt the document itself. This is true for collaborative research, and even more so for individual research."

"......What a bunch of tired people."

"We found that each garrison of wizards had a large amount of classified documents, but very few of them could be understood."

"You're saying that the classified documents may have nothing to do with this?"

"Yes, Your Highness."

Wizards' security obsession and encryption is the stumbling block right now.

In the case of Titan, it was a very large project that was extremely difficult to hide. In the first place, each part of Titan was huge, and the transportation itself required a huge amount of manpower.

"What about finding a place where they're doing research or experimenting?"

"As I said, the garrisons of each mage group are often much more tightly guarded than the Royal Class garrisons."

With so many candidates, and most of them hard to get into, it's hard to know where to go. The Alliance is a moving army. Still, even within this garrison, it's a testament to the Wizards' obsession with security that they've organized areas with strict access control.

The Imperial Mages' garrison would be difficult for Sarkega to infiltrate, and even if he could, it would be even more difficult to obtain conclusive evidence.

In other words, Sarkegaard hasn't really figured anything out yet.

"Hmmm....... Well, in this case, it's not much different from Titan, but......."

"If that's really what's going on, you'd need a huge area that would be hard to hide."

It's an experiment on thousands of bodies. While the size of the output may not be comparable to Titan, the scale of the experiment itself should be comparable to the Titan project.

Highly secure experiments.

But an environment with too many eyes on it.

I wonder where the hell the Allies are doing that experiment.

I couldn't figure it out.

If Anna is part of the experiment, you can find out where the research is by simply following her. However, she doesn't stay at the research site or return to the Royal Class garrison.

"I guess we'll just have to keep looking. Keep investigating, but don't do anything too risky. I'll do the same."

"Yes, Your Highness."

Sarkegar nodded, then turned into a black cat and disappeared into the distance.

Something.

Is it really that complicated?

I think you're missing something very simple.

Yeah, it was a weird feeling.





