Episode 562.





Wizards are basically smart people.

No, smart is not enough, geniuses become wizards.

I found it funny that the behavior was similar.

He's obsessive about encryption and security because he's afraid his research will be stolen. It's probably because it happens all the time.

Of course, the places where the wizards actually do their experiments and research are heavily secured and numerous, so it would take time to break into every single one of them.

Eventually I returned to the Royal Class garrison, wondering if I really needed to call on Kono Lint.

The best I could do was walk around and see if I could pick something up.

So, like yesterday, I was bound to run into some royalty.

"Huh? You're back, where have you been?"

She's got a bunch of stuff in her arms, and she wants to pet me, but she's stomping her feet because she has too much on her hands.

The core developer of Titan, who is sure to play a bigger role in this war than anyone else, remains fierce.

I'm sure Adelia will be busy this winter maintaining and improving Titan.

Some people, like Adelia, are actually getting busier on these days off.

Adelia has a talent for summoning magic, but she's essentially a non-combatant. She'd be more useful in combat if she could apply her magiccrafting skills.

Adelia eventually exited the Royal Class garrison with her hands full, glaring at me as if she had somewhere else to go.

There's no point in chasing after Adelia, since all she'll be doing for the rest of the year will be Titan-related.

As I walked around the tents, I focused on listening for sounds from inside.

-Ludwig, it's not like there's nothing you can do back in the ecliptic.

From one of the tents came the voice of Mr. Mustang, whom I hadn't heard in a very long time.

I wonder if we're talking.

I sat down near the tent and focused on the voices.

-You've got a lot of experience with monsters, so you could be an instructor at a cadet academy, and you're a pretty good magical enhancer, so you could help teach magical enhancement classes to moonshine drinkers. That's meaningful enough, no. It's very important. You know that.

-Ne.......

Klippmann had some harsh words for Ludwig yesterday, telling him to go to the back. He told him to stop acting like an asshole and spoiling the mood.

But that's probably because you don't want Ludwig to die after all. I told him that if you really cared about people in this situation, you'd be gone from here.

But Mr. Mustang is different.

-You don't have to be in combat and killing monsters to do something meaningful in war. The logisticians, the drill instructors, the recruiters, the people in the ecliptic, their hard work and support is what makes the coalition move the way it does. Who would think what they do isn't important?

-Yes, they're important, of course....... I'm not ignoring them, I'm not saying I don't think they're necessary.......

He seemed to be trying to lull Ludwig with nice words, to convince him that there was a lot they could do in the rear and that their work was no less important than the work on the battlefield.

There's never anything Ludwig can't do.



As Mr. Mustang says, Ludwig has a lot of experience dealing with monsters. Not just in this war, but ever since the Gate debacle, Ludwig has been fighting monsters for nearly three years now.

After all, he's a veteran.

Monsters are unpredictable, but Ludwig has seen that unpredictability over and over again, so he can pass it on to recruits and others unfamiliar with fighting them.

You could be an instructor, teach enchantment, or even work for the Zodiac Guard.

In a vast evacuation zone, it only takes one small monster to kill people.

Ludwig's role in the Allied army, with its hundreds, thousands, and tens of thousands of powerful monsters to face, would be small, but in the rear, Ludwig would be able to trample those lesser monsters to death with his bare hands.

-Go back to the ecliptic, there's a lot you can do there too.

I can't see the expressions on Dr. Mustang's and Ludwig's faces, but I can sense the despair in Ludwig's silence.

The sadness and guilt that comes from not being able to fight anymore, but rather knowing that your presence is demoralizing people.

I couldn't help but think that was harsh.

In the end, Ludwig lost his arm and Delphine died.

But it definitely saved Scarlett's life.

Everyone knows this, but they don't want Ludwig to die, so they try to force him back, even though he now wants to fight more.

I don't know which is correct.

Is it right to let him keep fighting, even if it means risking death?

I don't know if it's fair to treat them like dirt and force them to go backwards.

-Ludwig, there's no need to rush into a decision. The Allies are going to be in Serandia for a long time, and it would be a good idea to return to the ecliptic to clear your head and think things through.

Don't make a decision right away, but take your time.

-......I'll think about it.

Ludwig wants to stay on the battlefield, but no one but himself wants that.



* * *



Kliffman's rant, and Mr. Mustang's persuasion.

I watched from a distance as Ludwig emerged from Mr. Mustang's tent with a calm expression on his face.

What's next for Ludwig?

It might be better if he just left the fight altogether.

He's a reckless fellow, and if we leave him here, he'll be dead in the next fight. I agree with Mr. Mustang that there's something to be said for going back to the rear and staying there as a trainee or recruit or whatever.

Is the original protagonist going out like this?

Leaving Ludwig's desolate backside behind, I wandered around the Royal Class garrison some more.

Ellen is gone, and Anna hasn't returned.

If all else fails, I'll call Kono Lint again, but he's not in the garrison either.

Just like that.

I've been walking around and picking up stories.

-TsudamTsudam

Somehow, after a while, I found myself sitting on Adriana's lap, her hand tickling my chin.

"Want some?"

-Pet.

As Adriana takes a bite of the jerky she's torn into thin strips.......

I wonder if this is just a beast now.......

For some reason, I'm starting to feel more comfortable with this one.......

No, I mean, this whole being cuddly just for being alive thing doesn't make sense, does it?

I honestly don't know who I'm supposed to be saving or what I'm supposed to be majoring in, but I'm treated like a big deal just for walking around, not getting killed, and keeping up with the Allies.

How comfortable do these animals have it? As long as they're cute, of course.

She's got me on her lap, playing with me, as does everyone in the room, but Adriana looks troubled.

It's not a cheerful expression by any means.

Adriana was sitting on a crate near the Royal Class Garrison's training grounds.

Next to the crate was the large hammer and shield that Adriana had been wielding, hanging at an angle.

Adriana, who used to wield a sword, is using a shield and hammer in this battle.

Superhumans have an abnormal amount of strength compared to normal humans, so the weight of the weapon itself shouldn't be an issue.

There are a number of people who have switched their primary weapons from swords to hammers, axe spears, or other heavy weapons such as large two-handed swords or yamados as a result of fighting monsters, and Adriana was one of them.

The hammer Adriana wields is a weapon that a normal person would have to use both hands to hold, much less a strong person.

Adriana fights with this in one hand.

Block with a shield, smash with a hammer.

I'm sure Ludwig could handle a weapon like that with one hand.

Whether or not Ludwig is used to that kind of fighting, it's his grim demeanor that makes it seem like he's going to die.

Everyone's trying to stop him from becoming a moth to the flame.

Anyway, Adriana was taking a break from practicing her fighting skills in the training center when she spotted me.

"It's quiet......."

Adriana looks out over the deserted rehearsal hall, muttering to herself.

The stage isn't empty, but it's also not crowded. There aren't that many people in Royal Class in the first place.

"Adriana......."

"Ah, Redina."

At the sound of a voice next to me, I turned my head, and there was Redina.

Redina sat down next to Adriana, looking depressed, and wordlessly wrapped her arms around Adriana's waist.

As if on cue, Adriana opened her arms and wrapped them around Redina's shoulders.

Redina burrowed into Adriana's arms.

"......."

"......."

Ard de Gritis is dead.

Just as sophomores are devastated by the death of a classmate, so are juniors.

They didn't say anything, just held each other still.

I know it's hard enough to bring something up.

Redina cries in Adriana's arms, breathless, and Adriana pats Redina's shoulder, wide-eyed.

It had become a place where tears could come at any time.

And it's only going to get worse.

"I don't know what to do......."

"Kaier Il....... are you talking about?"

"......Yes."

Kaier.

And Redina.

Yesterday I saw them getting into an argument or something.

However, the behavior seemed to have changed a bit from what we were seeing.

Adriana seemed to know what was going on.

"If you thought it was......."

"Did you apologize to ......?"

"I said....... I don't know, you don't seem to want to listen to me at all....... You say you're not doing it for me....... That's all you say......."

"Is he really in danger of his life?"

Listening to the back-and-forth between the two, I couldn't help but realize what was going on.

While charging the Arc Crystal, Kaier would occasionally try to charge it beyond his limits. It was draining his life force.

In battle, if not in peacetime, there's often a sense of urgency. Even when he knew he couldn't afford it, Kaier would charge up until he was exhausted.

Even Redina was often yelling at me to charge until I collapsed.

But she didn't realize it was draining Kai'er's life force, and Kai didn't tell her, because if she did, it would be a waste.

The attitude was that if it meant sacrificing a little bit of longevity, a little bit of life, it was worth it to help where the magic was needed right now.

Redina had no intention of urging Kaiir on or brushing him off any further.

But Kaier isn't sweating for Redina in the first place, so it doesn't matter what she says.

If Kaier dies, the Arc Crystal becomes useless.

Then she won't be able to cast her magic like she does now.

Of course, Redina isn't crying in Adriana's arms like that because she's afraid she'll be useless.

"I don't know what to do....... I don't know......."

Can they do something called an apology and reconciliation?

If we reconcile, will anything change?

Kai is not trying too hard for her, so her apologies and encouragement mean nothing to him. So even if they reconcile, Kai will still be pushy when pushy comes to shove.

You're not going to die right away, so it's okay.

If you push yourself for a while, you won't die right away, that's a fact.

But how long that will be is anyone's guess.

War takes someone's life.

And it continues to gnaw at the survivors.



* * *



Redina returned from talking to Adriana with the grass dead, and Adriana took me off her lap and focused on training alone.

I left the training grounds and wandered around the Royal Class garrison again.

Maybe it was the winter, maybe it was the atmosphere, but it was a lonely, deserted place. It wasn't very warm, so it was better to rest in the warm barracks, so I didn't have to go outside unless I had a mission.

Anna hasn't returned, and neither has Ellen.

I'd rather wait for Kono Lint to come back than be stuck here with Anna, who might come back at any moment.

I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm going to use my Kono Lint Chance again, and I'm in the most likely place he'll be if he returns to the garrison.

Restaurant marquee.

It's inevitable that people will flock here to eat during lunch.

Adriana in training, Ludwig in training, students gathered in the cafeteria tent for lunch.

And I waited for Kono Lint to appear among the students, as this dining hall marquee has always been my seat.

By the way.

It was a little weird.

Never mind the bowl of milk in front of me.

It's one thing to not have Anna and Ellen.

Kono Lint didn't show up at the dining hall tent, either, so we'll assume he was on another mission.

I was watching a group of Class B guys eat at a round table.

B-3 Scarlet

B-10 Lanyon Sesor

B-11 Ludwig

There are only three B-class people in the cafeteria from sophomore year.

Only three people showed up for lunch.

There are two deaths in class B.

Ashur at B-4 and Delfin Izadra at B-9.

We know that the Detomorian is on the ecliptic.

Charlotte, of course, can't be here.

Telepathic, B-9, Ivia lives her life at the General Headquarters.

It was then that I realized what I was missing.

I was so focused on looking for Anna that I didn't realize who else was out there.

Aside from Anna, who can't be here, there are two others who have been wandering around the garrison for the past two days and I haven't seen them at all.

B-5, Christina

B-2, Louis Ankton

Neither of them, like Anna, can remember ever seeing each other.

I was so focused on Anna de Guerna that I didn't even realize the others were out of sight.

Well, Anna does.

What are the other two, and why aren't they there?

-Ludwig, what are you going to do?

Listening to Lanyon Sesor's cautious questions.

Finally, I realized what I was missing.

If Ludwig were to make a backward return, he would be returning to the ecliptic, which is obviously where Ludwig would be.

-Wouldn't it be better to go back to the template?

Temples.

-Once....... Just to give it some thought.

With permission, some of the students will be able to return to the Temple to stay.

I had completely forgotten about the soldiers on vacation until I saw them on the ecliptic.

I hadn't thought of something so simple.

If the Imperials wanted to conduct secret research on something, they wouldn't be doing it in a snowy Allied garrison in the first place.

The temple is as good as empty right now.

But the Temple has been a cradle of learning and research, and even has a university.

Facilities should be more than enough.

Rather, there is no reason to do so here, as there is tremendous risk in conducting such research in an Allied garrison.

Inevitably, we had assumed that since we were developing Titan on-site, we would also be experimenting with the undead here.

If you want to do secret, covert research, you should do it in the temple, not here.

If Anna were a researcher, she would be at the Temple in the first place, not somewhere in this garrison.

But.

Thinking about my speculation with someone who doesn't have one, I couldn't help but think about it in a different way.

If you're not just returning to the Temple to rest for the winter, but because of your research.......

Well, Anna does.

Why are Louis Ankton and Christina?

Not in the first place.......

Louis Ancton was not a researcher on a large project like Titan. He was not included in Adelia and the Archduke's project, even though he was capable and knowledgeable enough to help with the research.

So what the heck has he been doing all this time?





