Episode 564.





I was caught off guard.

Back at the garrison, Ellen sat me on her lap and petted me for a while, and I fell asleep before I knew it.

No, honestly, I slept next to Ellen and petted her so often that I couldn't sleep without learning from her.

The next thing I knew, I was in a cage.

It was a conspiracy.

It was a ruse.

I had an agenda.

Ellen got me.

I don't know who or what she was talking to, but Ellen seemed to decide that I was better off in the Temple than on this dangerous battlefield.

If I'm a real cat, it's a miracle I've survived this long and somehow managed to follow the Allies.

In the end, it's not the monster that's the problem, it's the fact that you've been crushed under the weight of your luggage.

I can see what you're thinking.

Ellen can't stay at the Temple forever.

So you want to send it somewhere safe, even if it can't see you in the future.

Just as Ludwig is dangerous and you want to send him back to the temple, I'm just as dangerous and you want to raise me in the temple.

-Hello!

No matter how much she cried and scratched in her cage, I could see Ellen gritting her teeth and holding it together.

It's sad to see them go, but they're probably better off in a safe environment with someone else.

You can try to break the cage all you want, but from that point on, it's out of control.

Not only Ellen, but also Scarlett and Lanyon Sessor, listened to her and nodded in agreement, and Ludwig, who had decided to return to the ecliptic, shook his head, but didn't say anything about it being futile.

What....... Ludwig is in no position to give a cat's ass right now.

-Step away from non-transmitters!

Mass Teleport casting is ending.

-Hello!

-Buck!

"Frustrating. I'm sorry. I'll untie you in a minute."

Ellen whispered quietly that she thought I was crying because I was trapped.

-Flash!

The flash of mass teleportation enveloped us.



* * *



Ellen was particularly busy, but in the end, the garrison is unlikely to be in danger. So she had plenty of time for this.

Rather, Ellen should absolutely be given a break.

I use those precious, rare, I-don't-know-how-many-days breaks to drop my cat off at Temple.

This is a problem.

That's a pretty big deal, too.

In the future, if I am entrusted with the Temple, I will not be able to use Operation Cat in the future.

I suppose you could disguise the other cat, but isn't it a little suspicious that when one cat disappears, another cat immediately appears?

I'm sure the Temple stray would be a better seller than the Allied Garrison stray, but I'm not a cat!

Back on the ecliptic, Ellen pulled on a hood to avoid being recognized.

You're headed to the royal class dorms, and there's no reason why you shouldn't be accompanied on the way.

Ludwig, who lost his arm and is now ordered to wait in the rear.

Ellen returns to drop off her cat.

This makes Ellen look like a crazy person, but there's no way she's going to get away with this behavior. Because of what she's done so far.

Ludwig and Ellen are not close friends.

But I wouldn't call it a bad relationship.

"Did you get a vacation?"

"That's not it, I'll be right back."

Ludwig asked, and Ellen answered in a low voice.

He sounded guilty.

Ludwig seemed to think he was to blame for losing his arm.

He blames himself for everything that's happened since Gate, so he's bound to blame himself for Ludwig.

And no matter how necessary it was, Ludwig seemed to think it was bizarre that he was caring about a cat when he had lost his arm.

Ludwig certainly doesn't think it's Ellen's fault.

"Will....... temple, right?"

"Yeah. But I'm not going to stand still. I'm sure there's something I can do in the ecliptic, even if it's like this....... there must be."

Ludwig says cheerfully.

"There will be, I'm sure."

Ellen replies in a low voice. The good thing about Ludwig is that he's a bright guy.

War and a lot of bad things have darkened him, so he's lost a lot of that, but Ludwig doesn't want his melancholy to be contagious.

"For now, I'm thinking boot camp or guard work, so I can handle the smaller monsters, and you know how dangerous the refugee camps are?"

"Right."

Ludwig was forced to return to the ecliptic, where he seemed to find work that called to him.

"Don't overdo it."

Ellen added softly.

After all, given his personality, it seemed obvious that once Ludwig had gotten used to wielding a weapon with his left hand, he would devote himself to anything that involved fighting.

The dangers you would face in the ecliptic would be less than those on the battlefield. But there were no guarantees that you wouldn't get seriously injured trying to kill a monster.

"......You should."

The sleeve of Ludwig's right arm fluttered.

I've already come to the ecliptic.

So it's not possible for a black cat like me to reappear in the garrison.

Is this a permanent seal for Operation Cat?

Should we do a puppy or something like that next time? I think I'm going to end up on a leash.

No, and there's no guarantee that Ellen would be as cute as she is now if a different beast showed up in the first place.

It's not about being cute, it's about being able to get attention or not! It's not about being cute!

No....... Is that what it is after all......?

In the long run, it's a huge disruption to information gathering.

But it's also a good thing in the short term.

It's a situation where Ellen is personally carrying me to the Temple, to the Royal Class dormitory.

This means you have a high probability of running into Anna de Guerna, who will be there, and it's a great time to see what they're up to.

I even bumped into some of the B-class guys who would be back now.

So if you think about the information gathering I need right now, there's no better situation.

In the long run, it will be frustrating not being able to spy on Allied garrisons.

It's not hard to get out of a royal class dorm for a few days and then dump it somewhere in the temple.

But if I do, I won't be there when Ellen comes back to check on the cat later.

What if someone tries to force you into a royal class dorm?

It's getting to be a bit of a headache.

But what the heck.

I am guilty as charged, for the beast has been put in a cage for befriending man.

You just have to go with the flow.

The temple is far away, and the magic train has stopped running, so Ludwig and Ellen walk toward it.

"Earlier, I saw a group of Crusaders looking very serious....... including the leader of the Crusaders."

"Ah."

"Do you know what's going on?"

Ludwig asks, and Ellen nods as if that's the story.

Ellen's access to the chatter at the General Headquarters meant that she had a different level of information than Ludwig.

"I don't know the details, but....... Something happened at the Crusader headquarters."

"What happened?"

"Yeah, the headquarters cemetery of the Crusader Knights was grave robbed....... I heard they were hit by something similar."

Word would inevitably spread to the Alliance headquarters, which would of course reach Ellen's ears.

No one really knows what it was about yet.

Ludwig's mouth drops open at the absurdity of the grave robbing story.

"Why would anyone do that?"

"I don't know, maybe that's why the Crusaders returned to the ecliptic to investigate the incident."

"I see......."

Ludwig nods in agreement.

Elion Bolton and others are going to have a field day investigating this senseless and heinous act.

But our Death Knight has already been replenished.

We'll never know that the missing remains were used against us in any way, and even if we did, it wouldn't make a difference. The Crusaders won't be able to find us anyway.

"Why in the world would they rob a tomb? Is there treasure in there?"

"I'm not sure."

We don't know if Ellen really doesn't know what's going on, or if she's just pretending not to.

And I couldn't tell if he knew about what the Empire was doing or not.

"......."

"......."

There's another awkward silence.

Ellen and Ludwig didn't say much to each other.

They weren't exactly close to begin with.

As you approach the main entrance to the temple.

"I wish I was as strong as you."

"......."

I lost because I was weak.

Weak and injured.

Weak.

In the end, Ludwig hates his weakness and seems to be sad that he can't have Ellen's strength.

"You......."

Ludwig looks at Ellen.

"Are you thinking of getting back at Reinhardt....... to get back at Reinhard, right......?"

Ellen's eyes widen at the cruel question.

Now that she can't do it herself, she wants Ellen to do her part.

Don't say no.

That's not the answer you want to give Ludwig.

No matter what I thought, I rather hoped that Ludwig would tell me what I needed to hear.

"Someday....... that we have to fight....... I'm thinking......."

Ellen finally said, with a stern look on her face.

Ludwig is not going to be satisfied with Ellen's answer.

"......I'm sorry. I'm not the one who gave you....... It's not like I can do anything about it......."

However, he finds himself in the position of having to hope that someone will take revenge for him.

Your own weaknesses.

It seemed to hate me more.



* * *



So.

I fell for Ellen's ruse, so to speak.

I couldn't fall asleep without being petted, and when I woke up, I was in a cage.

He was returned to the ecliptic, still in his cage.

We don't know if Ellen thought of this on her own or if she decided to do this after talking to others.

But regardless of who in the Royal Class garrison came up with the idea, no one would have disagreed with the decision.

No matter how often you see them and want to pet them, they'd rather grow up in a safe environment than a dangerous one.

That might be problematic for future information gathering, but it's fine for getting me out of there.

Unless someone locks me up, I can go back to Edina.

There's a teleport scroll just in case, so it's obviously possible.

So.

By the way.

I was misunderstanding again.

I thought Ellen was trying to get me into the Temple Royal class dorms.

In fact, Ellen did return to the Temple with Ludwig.

I had to pause at the main entrance to the temple.

"Is this your cat?"

"What? Ah....... Yes."

Something tells me the guards would ask such a strange question.

After all, Ellen did take me to the Royal Class dorm.

But.

After Ludwig went back to the B-class dorm to organize his things, Ellen arrived at the Royal Class sophomore, A-class dorm.

"Is this the cat?"

"Yes."

Setting the cage down, Ellen carefully opened the entrance.

"Grow it."

In front of me was the Emperor Bertus.

From the look on Bertus' face, I'm guessing we've been over this before.

"......Yes, that's not hard."

No.

It's too safe to play it safe.

Not in a temple, but in an imperial palace, a tetra!

It's too safe to go anywhere!

No!

-Ahoy!

Ellen jumped up and clung to my chest in a panicked embrace.

-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"......Hold on, it's okay."

Ellen gently pushed me off of her and tried to sit on Bertus's lap.

-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"...... doesn't seem to like me."

"......."

Bertus smirked at me as I rambled on, and Ellen couldn't help herself.

No!

From the moment I enter the palace, I won't be able to go outside, and everyone in Edina will be screaming that the demon king is missing!

Not the cat in the temple.

Ellen was trying to make me the emperor's cat.



* * *



What if I was actually a stray that had somehow infiltrated the Allied forces?

A kitten that stumbles into an allied army, gets cuddled by a warrior, and eventually becomes the emperor's cat.

This kind of status is reserved for beasts, not people.

There's no such thing as history in the animal kingdom, but if there were, it would be a big deal in the animal media.

It's a foreign topic. Uh.

But I'm not a cat in the first place, I'm just a demon turned into a cat to gather information.

...... Isn't this more international?

Anyway, thanks for thinking of me, but this doesn't work.

I can live with a temple, but never an imperial palace.

It's not about the palace, it's about being the emperor's cat.

You're going to be stuck.

It's about making sure Ellen is in the safest place in the world.

Even Bertus has no intention of saying no to Ellen's request.

If it doesn't work, it doesn't work.

I did everything I could.

When Ellen would try to pick me up from Bertus or sit me on her lap, I would twist and turn, cry, and grind my teeth.

"I didn't realize I was so unloved by animals."

Somehow, Bertus was hurt.

No.

It's not like that.......

"......Why is this?"

Ellen began to stroke the mad cat on her lap as if it were the highest dignity of mankind, the emperor.

It's an animal, it doesn't know what it's doing, and I think they both understand it that way.

Ellen is a picture that Bertus will not be able to pass me off as because I hate her so much.

This.

If you really try to force it, it will revert to its normal behavior and you will have to use force to get away.

What happens after that, whether it's a fight or whatever, I hate to imagine.

This is a rare sight, by the way.

Somehow, we're able to watch Bertus and Ellen in private, and we're not suspicious at all.

"I could have gone to the palace."

The emperor is who you call, not who you go to see.

Even if Ellen is special, I'd rather have her come to the palace, even if it's just to drop off a cat, but Bertus came in person.

"Oh, I've been here for a few days, checking in on the Temple side."

Is this something that I'm supposed to check that's related to the experiment?

Is there really an experiment going on in the temple and Bertus is checking it out?

But this conversation alone is a clue.

If Ellen knows about the topic, there's no need for Bertus to blurt out that he'll "check it out".

"I see."

It's clear that Ellen doesn't know what's going on, because she says it as if she doesn't want to know.

I don't know if that's a good or bad thing.

It was clear that Bertus didn't think it was a good idea for Ellen to handle this.

"Ellen, I'm not going back right away, but you're welcome to spend the winter here. It's never safe around Serandia, but you've done the most work to clear the neighborhood, and you haven't had much rest. Apparently, this cat has no intention of staying with me. Wouldn't it be better if you stayed here and took care of it?"

-Angel

Right.

"......."

Ellen wordlessly tickled the back of my head.

This is the hardest I've ever worked, and I can't even take a break.

Ever since the Battle of Serandia, Ellen has been busy cleaning up the monsters around her.

But you should be more or less done with that now, so you don't have to sit in your garrison waiting for a mission.

Normally, Ellen would have left me with Bertus and headed straight back to the Allied garrison.

"It's been a while since you've been back to the dorms. Get some rest while you're here."

Bertus didn't meet Ellen in the palace, but in her dormitory.

This was partly because Bertus had been at the Temple for a few days, but it also seemed like he was trying to get Ellen some rest upon her return to the dorm.

"......May I?"

"Who else but you would do that?"

Ellen looks down at me, her hands on my waist as she sits on my lap.

"Do I deserve....... do I have it in me?"

I could see the self-pity and guilt in his eyes.

Part of Ellen's relentlessness and refusal to allow herself a break was due to guilt and self-pity.

That left Bertus speechless for a moment.

"This whole thing happened....... And what happened this time....... I feel like it's all because of me......."

I knew she was blaming herself for Delphine's death and Ludwig's, too. I stared up at Ellen as the corners of her eyes turned transparent.

Ellen.

Bertus.

And me.

It's almost as if the people who were most responsible for the Gate fiasco are all in this room together.

"If we start talking about who was really the cause and who was really the problem, it would be endless."

"......."

"Just like the gate situation won't end if I beat myself up thinking this might all be because of me. It doesn't end because you're harsh on yourself."

"......."

"You've seen how weak humans are."

Every day, I was confronted with people dying far too easily.

Humans break, die, and get hurt so easily.

"You're strong, but you're only human."

"......."

"You're getting screwed, too."

At Bertus' words, Ellen clutched the amulet around her neck.

"You don't have to be in the Alliance to fly through the winter, and if the Alliance falls apart without you, there's no point in being in the Alliance in the first place, and the Alliance needs warriors who are all in, not warriors who are all out, and to be that, you need to rest when you need to rest."

"......."

"There is no such thing as a tireless human being, and it's time for you to rest."

"......Yes."

Throwing yourself into the fray, into the fray, into the fray, diminishes a person, and Ellen is no exception.

The last thing the Alliance needs is a risky warrior.

You are a warrior who will spend the winter rebuilding your body and mind and return to full strength.

As if Bertus' words could not be refuted, Ellen nodded, clutching the amulet.

It's been a long time since I've heard Bertus speak in person.

I knew it was different, but it was a strange feeling to see it in person.

Bertus, the villain, was now something you couldn't really call a villain.

In the first place, Bertus was rarely a villain to me during my time in the Temple; the closest I came to that was right before the Gate debacle, but that didn't happen because he was a villain.

After the Gate incident, Bertus felt like the mask he always wore was off.

Bertus is filled with self-pity, guilt, and responsibility.

But what's even worse is that Bertus didn't do this when he was a villain.

Bertus, no longer a villain, is presumed to be up to something even more terrible.

"Take a break, I need to talk to Ludwig."

"Yes."

With those words, Bertus rose from his seat.

Luckily, I didn't get dragged to the Yellow Star Emperor.

Ellen looks at me with her head down.

"I should have gone."

Ellen says in a depressed voice.

"I'm....... keep....... with you."

It had multiple meanings.

No matter how long you decide to rest, you'll eventually have to return to the Allied garrison.

It also means that Ellen doesn't have a lot of time to take care of the little beast.

And finally, that it would cease to exist.

I couldn't stay with her, so Ellen found someone who could stay with me, and that was Bertus.

-Angel

"......eh."

Ellen eventually let out a long sigh and pulled me into a hug.





