Episode 565.





The royal class dormitories were full of students who had decided to spend the winter here and had gotten permission.

However, the power hasn't come back and some people have been unable to return, so we haven't seen many people.

It was originally a royal class dormitory with a capacity of only one hundred and twenty students.

There weren't many people there to begin with, and even fewer now, so the atmosphere was very low-key.

Ludwig unpacked his things in his long-awaited dorm room. It wasn't much, and it wasn't a lot.

After roughly unpacking his things, Ludwig exited the room and bumped into someone.

"Ludwig......."

"Uh, Detto. It's been a while."

Detomorian, his complexion unusually sallow, stared at Ludwig's loose right arm.

"......I heard that."

"This is how it happened."

Ludwig scratched his head with his left arm and smiled sheepishly.

Detomorian was not surprised, for those who had returned earlier had heard of Ludwig and Delphine.

"How are you?"

"It's me....... Nothing happened......."

Ludwig nodded his head in relief at the Dettomorian's words. Ludwig looked around the deserted halls of the B-class dormitory.

The only thing that comes and goes is the Detomorian.

"What about the others?"

"I think they're all busy with research."

"I see. You didn't come here to rest......."

Louis, Christina, and Anna have just returned to the dorms.

These three are not rear-guarded like Ludwig, but are back in the dormitory because they have work to do.

Not yourself.

Unlike Ludwig, who was forced to remain in the Temple by the Emperor. They will be thrown back into the Allied ranks whenever the battlefield demands it.

And the master of it all.

"Looks like you're back."

Bertus stepped into the hallway of the B-class dormitory and held up a hand to Ludwig.



* * *



Detomorian said he had some work to do and headed for the clubhouse, leaving Ludwig and Bertus alone in the B-class dormitory.

Since becoming emperor, Bertus has rarely had to face his classmates, with the exception of a few.

It's not Ellen that Bertus sees most often, but rather B-7, the telepathic Ivia, who serves as his liaison to the General Headquarters.

Ellen is next, followed by those involved in magical research.

So it had been a long time since Ludwig and Bertus had seen each other in person.

"Be comfortable, because that's what I like."

"Uh, ah....... Yeah."

Ludwig scratched the back of his head with a sheepish grin as he tried to figure out what to do.

"For your attention....... Thanks."

Ludwig felt that he had to say so, since he had brought him back to the temple himself.

"You don't look grateful at all."

"......."

By all accounts, Ludwig was more despairing of his situation than grateful; he only said what he said because he had to.

"......No, no, thank you very much."

"I understand that you want to fight more, and I know that even in your current state, you're probably more capable than the average soldier. But....... you're not a regular soldier."

"......I know what you mean."

It's true that most common soldiers are being used as expendable and are dying in battle.

However, even such common soldiers are crippled, and if they survive, they are no longer used in combat.

Ludwig is a Royal Class troop that can still fight, but is very important.

When they die, the morale of the entire Royal Class suffers.

That's why he's been sent to the back of the line, and Ludwig knows what that means.

It's just a shame.

You can't fight anymore, and you have to take a back seat because you're making your classmates feel like a burden.

"Delphine's work is at....... I'm sorry to hear that. I didn't talk to her much, but I heard she was a good friend."

"......."

Bertus didn't know Delphine, but Ludwig had countless memories with her.

I watched helplessly as someone so dear to me died before my eyes.

That was Ludwig's nightmare and reality.

"It's all my fault."

"......?"

"Delphine was trying to help me, so it's all my fault."

Ludwig mumbles, his eyes blank.

"I'm weak, I did it all wrong......."

Bertus watched as Ludwig blamed himself.

In this situation, Ludwig was blaming himself, just as everyone else was blaming themselves and Bertus was blaming himself.

Bertus was about to say something about how it was inevitable, or that he hadn't saved Scarlett, when he was silenced.

Ludwig is broken.

It's not that it's all that special or particularly rare.

Like everyone else, Ludwig is just going through the same process.

Now that it has retreated from the battlefield, it will slowly rot in helplessness.

What Ludwig needs is not sympathy or comfort.

"There's plenty of work to be done in the ecliptic, and plenty of places that need you."

It's important to realize that you don't have to be on the battlefield to find meaning in your existence.

"I'll get you a spot in the Guard. It's not official, but at least give it a try. You can decide later if you want to do it properly."

You'll need to make them feel like they're not helpless.



* * *



Ellen was the only one in her now sophomore A-list dorm.

Naturally, there are fewer people in Royal Class right now.

As a result, meals were not eaten in the dormitories, but in the great hall of the dormitories, where the grades were mixed.

Ellen was always a very large eater.

But on the battlefield, time is of the essence, and food itself is a commodity.

So Ellen ate less than the average soldier on the battlefield, where she needed to eat well.

-Omnomnomnom

After being in a place where she felt comfortable for so long, Ellen ate quite a bit, though not as much as she used to.

The quality of the meals in Temple Royal Class was also much lower before and after the Gate incident.

So Ellen didn't eat like she used to.

-NomNomNom

Still, it feels good to see you eating so much after all these years.

...... But the idea is that the animal is happy to see its master and eat well. Doesn't that make sense?

Anyway, I'm happy, so what the heck.

This kid ate as much as birdseed on the battlefield.

Was Ellen actually getting good gas mileage?

"Ellen, did you bring the cat?"

"Yes."

"It would be good for him to grow up here. That's a good idea. Ellen, are you staying here too?"

"For now."

"That's right, you need to get some rest."

As a result, other members of the royal class I encountered in the Allied garrison would recognize me and often give me a quick pat on the back or say something to Ellen.

I was sitting next to the straight table where Ellen was sitting.

Ellen handed me a sausage to make sure I had something to eat, and I was munching away at it.

It's out of shape, so you can eat it.

Of course, you didn't follow me to the restaurant to get a sausage from Ichabod.

What I'm looking for are class B guys.

First, Anna De Guerna.

None.

Secondarily, Christina and Louis Ankton.

None.

Ludwig and Dettomorian are the only two Class B guys here.

I thought I'd see Anna, Christina, and Louis Ankton in the dorms, but they were nowhere to be seen.

They can't drive the conversation, so if their name doesn't come up, I don't know what's going on.

Somebody say something!

Anna, Christina, and Louis.

Someone ask me where it is!

-Detto, are Louis and the others in the lab? Is that where they eat? I don't see them. Continue.

-Wouldn't it be.......

-Ah, so you're staying there? Isn't that too much to ask?

-I do come by from time to time across the pond.......

Ludwig!

You are the best.

They're here!



* * *



Playing.

When I looked at myself objectively, there was nothing else I could say.

A few days after returning to the temple.

I was literally playing with it.

-Taktak

As if to say, "Come on up here," Ellen sat down on the bench and patted the seat next to her, and I leapt up and onto the bench.

-Angel

I didn't do much of anything except walk around with Ellen.

Luckily, Ellen didn't leave me to Bertus and head back to the Allied lines.

Ellen also seemed to be taking a break from Temple.

Originally, I was going to do information gathering.

But I can't bring myself to do it.

First of all, Ellen is always carrying me around, and secondly, the B-class guys don't come back to the dorm very often, except for Detomorian and Ludwig.

I'm pretty sure the three of them are in the temple, but it's hard to see their faces.

I think it's in the lab or something like that.

And you already have a pretty good idea of where that is.

The fact that I don't see the three I'm looking for is already information enough.

It's not like they're coming back one or two at a time, but if they're gone at the same time and not coming back at the same time, they're together.

That's why we know that the Empire's secret research includes all three.

Secret research involving the remains of a warrior.

In the case of Louis, his understanding of all areas of magic is excellent, so it's understandable that he's involved in the project.

Anna's talent for black magic is obvious.

But her talent, her alchemy.

I don't understand why you need an alchemist.

What the heck am I doing?

For now, I'm going to wait and see what happens, rather than do anything overtly suspicious or return to my human form to investigate or spy.

I've been told that Edina has a pretty generous amount of time to gather information, so that's probably the least of my worries.

So, with nothing to do, all I could do was sit back and watch Ellen rest.

Sometimes she would be unconscious and dazed for long periods of time, but she made no move to leave the ecliptic. When Ellen was in this state, she would sit in a daze for a while, and then wake up after some time.

"Here, I used to come here a lot."

-Angel

A hill on the Temple Walk.

This is where I used to run a lot.

I played with Adriana often, countless times on my own, and many times with Ellen.

Ellen gazes wistfully down the hill.

I didn't have to tell him what I was thinking.

You're probably thinking the same thing I am.



* * *



The military uses that phrase.

Breaks are also a tactic.

Naturally, managing fatigue is crucial to maintaining a military's combat effectiveness, so it stands to reason that rest is a very important part of military operations.

So when I say breaks are a strategy, I'm not just saying it, it's a strategy. And a very important one.

Ellen was always at the front of the line for most battles, as she was responsible for scouting and killing, and she was often the last to return once we had captured something, as she was out pacifying the neighborhood.

First to the battlefield, last to return.

Sure, she had the occasional day off, but Ellen would always jump out of bed at the call of command.

Then Ellen is resting.

Ellen was convinced by Bertus that she needed to rest.

For the sake of others, Ludwig returned like a man driven to the rear of the battlefield.

For the sake of others, Ellen accepted that she needed to rest.

You're not falling asleep on a cot while on the battlefield.

You're safe, in your room where no one is looking for you, asleep in your baggy pajamas, oblivious to the world.

Ellen ate and she ate, but she also slept and she slept a lot.

Like you're trying to catch up on sleep you've been missing. Like you're trying to get all the sleep you're going to get later.

I've slept for upwards of twelve hours a day, sometimes missing meals and even naps.

How tired was I?

It's not just a coalition issue.

Since the Gate incident, Ellen has been called into battle against monsters nonstop.

When one place is cleared, another place, another battlefield.

They've been working tirelessly, slaying monsters.

For Ellen, it was like getting her first real break after nearly three years of gatekeeping.

I was busy after Gate, and so was he. But I didn't keep fighting. In fact, there were more days when Edina's internal affairs troubled me.

Heck, I didn't even take a break from Lizaira for very long.

However, Ellen had to fight and fight and fight.

Ellen was asleep, hugging the quilt as if she were dead.

This is probably the first time Ellen has taken a real, long break since Gates.

So it's inevitable that you'll fall asleep over and over again as if you were dead, as if to relieve the fatigue that has accumulated in your soul.

But Ellen's door is very slightly open.

When Ellen wakes up after a long sleep and sees me sitting in my room, she apologizes, and after that she sleeps with the door open for a little while.

As in, come and go as you please.

The Class A dorm is empty anyway, so there's no one looking for Ellen.

It knew that if I disappeared, I'd be back soon, and it didn't want to lock me up.

Of course, Ellen doesn't know that you shouldn't actually keep your cat like that.

The time is early night.

Let's go to the B-class dorm.

The three I'm looking for might be back today.





