Episode 566.





A B-class dorm in the middle of the night.

-Ludwig.......

-Welcome back.

They include Christina and Louis Ankton, and Anna de Gerna.

And Detomorian and Ludwig.

There were five of us sitting around the table.

-I'm fine, I think there's still something I can do.

When Ludwig started working as a guard, he would leave the Burinake Temple in the morning and stay outside all day.

I don't know if it was Bertus's breath or something else, but Ludwig had found something new to do, and a lot of the despair was gone from his expression.

You have to do something to get past the despair.

Maybe this will help Ludwig regain a bit of his former cheerfulness.

"Huh? This is......?"

-Angel

Christina's eyes widened as I approached.

All three of them panic because here's a cat that's supposed to be in the Allied garrison.

"Ellen brought her, and she's resting in Class A dorm right now. I think I'll probably keep her here."

All three nodded at Ludwig's explanation.

"Oh, I see......."

Anna glared at me, then scooped me up and sat me on her lap.

......somehow.

Maybe I'm just too used to sitting on someone's lap.

I've been shapeshifting for too long, don't you think I'll get used to being human again?

Three.

I'm pretty sure we're working on the same project since we both came back at the same time on the same day.

We all sat around and talked for a long time about the injured Ludwig, the death of Delphine, and other such things, and I sat on Anna's lap and listened.

Ludwig did not cry as he said this.

However, just because you're not crying doesn't mean you're not sad.

It's not that I've gotten used to losing him, it's just that I don't know how to express my sadness.

Ludwig believes that Delphine died because he was weak.

Of course, no one said that Delphine's death was due to Ludwig.

Klippmann says it with the nuance that you're to blame for Delphine's death to get Ludwig to give up, but I don't think Klippmann actually thinks that way.

Obviously, it's not Ludwig's fault.

But if Ludwig hadn't tried to save Scarlett, Scarlett would have died and Delphine and Ludwig would have lived.

But if Scarlett had died, Ludwig's self-pity would have been the same.

I would have blamed myself for Scarlett's death because I didn't save her. In that case, I wouldn't have lost my arm.

In the end, blame games are difficult and unhelpful.

In that sense, Delphine wouldn't have died if I hadn't existed at all.

In the first place, none of this would have happened if Junior hadn't been in Bali, and the gate incident wouldn't have happened.

The future I knew so little about forced me to face the future I was trying to avoid.

When will all the self-pitying stories ever end?

Not everyone can be happy, but can the story end happily for those who remain?

I watch as they share their grief and eventually get over their feelings.

"So, you joined the Guard?"

Ludwig nodded vaguely at Louis's question.

"I'm not technically a member of the Guard, but I'm helping out with....... I'm helping out with the Guard, like patrols and....... something like that."

Ludwig had been helping out with the guards for a few days and, given his personality, would have gone to the most dangerous places.

You have to see the reality of the refugee camps with your own eyes.

"Is the refugee zone monster problem....... Is it really that bad?"

"I can't say it's not serious, but....... but I hear it's not as bad as it used to be. The real problem is....... not the monster."

"What if it's not a monster?"

Ludwig's expression darkened at Christina's question.

"Hunger is one thing, but....... people are the problem."

At that, everyone's face fell as if they understood what I meant.

Crime.

And hunger.

Refugee zones are not about monsters, they're about people.

Ludwig didn't seem to want to say more.

You've seen the truth of life's desperation and misery everywhere, and it's not going to be solved by talking about it here.

"You must be busy, by the way, because you're not coming back to the dorm."

What Ludwig said to change the subject was what I was waiting for.

Research.

When the subject came up, Christina nodded in agreement.

"Well, yeah."

Christina said so, but Anna and Louis didn't look happy, and that was enough of a clue.

It would be nice to ask them a little bit more. Of course, they won't open up, but the reaction is a good clue.

"What are you doing back at Temple, building another Titan or something?"

Ludwig's eyes glowed even as he realized he could no longer participate, for if more Titans were built, the war would be easier.

No.

Son of a bitch.......

How an alchemist and a warlock created a giant weapon.......

You don't know the difference between Magic Crafting and Alchemy, do you?

"No, that's not our field, it's ....... It's business as usual, just moonshine and stuff."

"Oh....... I see."

The lie was obvious.

You realize that the three of you are part of the same research project.

And Christina lied on behalf of them, and Ludwig didn't recognize it. Of course, there's no way Ludwig would see through such a lie, since very few people would know about the mass disappearance of bodies.

I just nodded, knowing that he wouldn't even think of doubting his friend in the first place.

But.

He's been silent all this time.

"......really?"

The Dethomorian looked at Christina with a sullen gaze, tilting his head slightly.

"Huh? What do you mean, really?"

"I don't think so......."

The Dethomorian murmurs to himself.

And the pale complexion of Louis and Anna, not to mention Christina.

I felt like a fluffball, too.

No, it sounds like you're actually in trouble.

Detomorian, this.

I don't know anything about this, but you're just hitting this with your fingertips, right?

Under the piercing gaze of the Dettomorian, Christina went white.

"What....... I'm sure you have an idea......."

He gave me a strong hint that he knew something, but wouldn't pry unless I told him, so he staggered to his feet and headed for his room with his usual sobbing.

Ludwig looked dumbfounded, alternating between his three pale-faced friends and the Dettomorian.

"Dettoga....... What are you talking about?"

"Well, isn't that what Detto does sometimes?"

As if on cue, Christina immediately changed her complexion.

Nonchalantly, as if nothing is happening.

"Yes, but......."

To be sure, Dettomorian often said things that sounded like he knew, but Ludwig didn't seem to suspect anything.

Because that's how it works.

And with that, I was off and running.

Detomorian.

I know he's not a bad guy, but he's a cheap one to say the least.

Ludwig didn't really understand the situation, and Detomorian's attitude was that whatever the three of them were working on was their own business.

Ludwig goes back to his room, saying he needs to go to bed early because he has to work tomorrow.

"......."

"......."

"......."

I sat in silence, watching Christina, Louis, and Anna exchange glances.

That leaves us with these three.

And then we're going to talk about research.

But they only exchanged glances, not words.

"Let's go inside and rest, everyone."

"......Yes."

"I guess so......."

I wonder if they've decided not to talk about their research at all.

The three of them split up after that conversation.



* * *



The time of night when everyone is asleep.

I exited the royal class dormitory still in my cat form.

I could see the three people I was looking for, and I could be sure that their research project was confidential.

However, the inference is only just solidified.

We don't really know what they're doing yet.

Even if the three of us were the core researchers, it's clear that the project would have included a significant number of wizards, just as the Titan project did.

In fact, I know where I need to go without having to follow those three.

No one would conduct such research outside of the Temple. No one would conduct such a research project outside of the temple, which is the most secure place in the world.

The Titan project was developed in a mobile Allied garrison.

The environment must have been quite harsh, so it was a miracle that the Titan survived its first maneuver.

However, there is no reason why the research environment has to be poor.

The Titan was such a massive, mega-weapon that it would have had to be developed in the field where the Allies were moving.

If it weren't for that, Titan would be in a stable environment.

I'm pretty sure there's research going on at Temple, so it's no secret where it is without me following in the footsteps of the B-class trio.

It's probably the best research environment at Temple.

Temple University.

There, of course, is the University of Magic Research Building.

It's a given that there's research going on somewhere.

The reason I haven't gone there until now, even though I know I should, is simple.

-.......

After running through the Temple of Night, I arrived at the Temple College of Magic, only to find it completely locked down.

There were temple guards in the vicinity of the facility, as well as at the entrance to each lab to monitor access.

The numbers were staggering.

There were so many guards that even if you didn't know anything about it, you'd think they were doing something inside.

I'm afraid it's a bit too much.

It's perfectly possible to enter that area.

It's unlikely that the guards will try to chase away a single cat.

Importantly, the only place I can walk around in this form is the grounds of the research facility.

It would be impossible to enter the building.

Rather, if a big beast tries to enter, it will be kicked out. That's because, whether I'm suspicious or not, an animal might get into the research facility and touch something important.

There's nothing to be gained by walking around the site itself.

So here I was, knowing that the project was going to happen, and I didn't just show up, I waited for three people to come out and spill the beans.

But the three of them are tight-lipped about their research.

Somewhere in the Temple College of Magic research facility in front of me.

There's a huge project going on here that's on par with a Titan project.

How am I supposed to figure out what the hell I'm doing?

ConoLint does not pull.

I also told them not to take my word for it, which is obviously dangerous.

You don't want him to know anything that he doesn't need to know.

You can't turn into a bug. No, you could, but you wouldn't be able to control it.

It's taken me three months to get used to cats, and I can't even get used to bugs.

Should we call Sarkegar over here?

But the neighborhood itself is now heavily guarded.

Obviously, the area where the research is being conducted will have tight controls on not only personnel, but also the environment itself.

Chances are, you've configured your environment to be so precise that it literally won't tolerate even a bug crawling around.

Would Sarkozy be able to find a way out of that situation?

The use of force is obviously not a consideration.

Of course, if you think about it, you can jump right in.

Christina, Anna, and Louis.

If you transform into one of the three, you'll be able to get in right away.

But of course, it's a trade-off.

Frustrating.

It's so frustrating that I just want to grab Bertus by the scruff of the neck and ask him what he's doing.

Of course, if they were going to do that, they would have contacted me a long time ago, so it's too late. You'd be laughing if you asked me what I was doing with the Death Knight in the first place, and I'm not going to give up on it, just as the Empire has no reason to give up on the Titan, even if I were to slap it around.

Somehow.

There's nothing wrong with being ignorant at this point, trusting that the Empire will take care of itself. After all, the research here is for the current war.

But just as everyone in Edina was worried about what if the Titan turned on us, even if it never did.

We don't know if the research we do here will be a threat to us later.

If it was simply a matter of turning it into a death knell like we did, this might not be something you'd need to look into.

But black magic followed by alchemy.

The links don't mesh.

Sounds like a more complicated study than I thought.

I couldn't figure out what it was.

If you're stuck on your own, there's no way you're going to be able to break through.

I gave up.

Let's go back to Edina for a minute.





