Episode 568.





Alchemy and black magic.

Undead and Alchemy.

I can't figure out what the relevance is, and Herriot can't figure it out either.

The decision was made to call Sarkegar, the Allied garrison, the Temple, and Herriot decided to meet with the Senate to try and deduce if there was any significant connection between the clues.

Antirrhinus, Gazoo of Toyo.

And Friday's gazoo, Lerouen.

Both vampire clans have been studying alchemy for a very long time.

As such, we can make some inferences about what the Empire is trying to do through the Lord Vampires.

We don't know whether Sarkeghar will break into the lab first, or whether he'll come up with a likely deduction at the Senate meeting.

In conclusion, we need to know what possibilities the empire is exploring.

If it helps the war effort, that's great, but it's also important to determine if it's going to be a threat to us in the future.

And.

"ugh......."

I was back in Ellen's room after a long night.

After being turned into a cat and captured by Herriot, he arrived at the ecliptic as a cat because he knew he would only be turned back into a cat if he returned to his human form.

The time is morning.

Even in winter, the morning sun was warm on Ellen's face.

Ellen is lying on her back, her eyes wide open, and she stretches as if she's struggling.

It stretched, almost writhing, as if trying to wake a dead body.

Standing up straight from head to toe, Ellen begins to shiver.

-Burr

No, you're not going to break something while stretching, are you?

He's twitching?

"Ugh....... ugh......."

Ellen stretches out on her belly for a while, her eyes wide as a horse's, and then looks around.

Are you looking for me?

-Angel

"......."

Ellen picked me up from where I was sitting on the bed without batting an eyelid, placed me on her chest, and hugged me to her.

That.......

Now, let's be honest.

Get used to.......

This feeling, I'm not even embarrassed anymore.......

Sorry.......

"Good night......."

-Hello!

No.

Yum!

Isn't that the flow?

Ellen closed her eyes and slept for another two hours.



* * *



Ellen was shriveled up like a jellyfish.

It's nice to see you completely relaxed.

What to say.

It's like a human porridge(?).

Ellen opened her eyes groggily and found me sitting there, unwashed, hugging a pillow and glaring at me.

It's a complete mess, and it's not like he's a human....... So, yeah.

Because the kid who's always been Carl is a mess....... He's just cute.......

Without saying anything.

One minute he's touching my head, the next my waist.

He tapped me on the bridge of my nose.

He buried his face in the nape of my neck, mouth agape.

I felt like a knitter whose only job was to stare at cats all day.

Are you even hungry?

-Snicker

I keep getting that sound.

Ellen stared at me blankly, as if she couldn't be bothered to eat.

Hey, this isn't broken, is it?

It's not broken, is it?

Is this one of those things where you have to get rid of the cat for the greater good? Isn't Ellen going to be one of those people where the cat is the only thing that's bothering her?

In the end, it's just a bunch of people looking at each other.

I've seen him scoop up cats and roll around in bed on his own.

It's nice to see that Ellen still has a bit of her normal self left, after all.

It's not that you've changed, but you can be a child for as long as you want to be.

Still, you can't do that all day, after all.

-cough

My stomach has been rumbling for a while now, but I just keep rolling around.

"I'm hungry......."

Stop mumbling and go eat!

Eventually, torn between annoyance and the realization that I needed to get up, I punched Ellen in the cheek a few times.

-pakpak!

"????"

-Cat!

After a few slaps, Ellen's eyes widen and she glares at me.

Ellen's cheeks flared as if to say, "Go for it.

The nudge backfired.

Do you want to get in trouble?

-Haah!

"......Okay."

Finally, as if she understood, Ellen staggered to her feet and headed for the shower.



* * *



Ellen got up, washed up, changed into her normal clothes, and went out into the hallway.

By the time I realized I'd been idle, it was already close to lunchtime. Ellen walked down the hallway, checking to see if I was following.

Apparently, he's going to eat my lunch while he eats his own.

Class A dorms were different from yesterday.

"......Heinrich?"

"Uh, Ellen."

Somehow, there was Heinrich, who seemed to have just arrived.

"I decided to stay here for the winter, too."

"I see."

Heinrich looked at me and nodded as if he knew what was going on. It looks like we'll be getting a few of these over the winter.

At this rate, I'm sure we'll all be back in Temple in a few years.

Ellen pointed her finger down the hallway, not toward the dormitory dining hall.

"We can eat in the ballroom, the dorms are all closed."

"Oh....... Yeah, I guess so, come to think of it."

Heinrich walked after Ellen, as if Ellen's explanation had convinced him that he should eat as well.

How is the situation at the Cernstadt military garrison?

Once I realized that Louise von Schwarz would never kill Heinrich, I was relatively unconcerned.

Heinrich's expression didn't seem to shade too much, so it didn't seem like there was anything too noteworthy.

I don't know about you, Louise von Schwarz, but I thought you were pretty blunt.

Surprisingly, it doesn't seem to squeak.

Honestly, Heinrich's problem is not something I need or want to care about anymore.

"You're the only one in our dorm, right?"

Heinrich is a member of the Cernstadt army, so he's probably not aware of the Royal Class situation. Of course, he knows everything he needs to know.

"Yes."

"Class B?"

"Ludwig, Detomorian, Christina, Anna, and Louis. That's five. There might be more, but I don't know."

"That's quite a lot, there."

"Yes."

Ludwig had no choice, but Heinrich seemed pretty surprised that there were five returnees from the B class.

"By the way, did you like....... by the way?"

Heinrich said, looking back and forth between me and Ellen.

"It's cute."

Ellen paced, then let out a sharp breath.



* * *



The trio of researchers were not in the banquet room at lunch. They probably headed to the university research building after breakfast.

Unsurprisingly, there was no Ludwig on guard duty, and Detomorian was nowhere to be seen, having gone off to do his own thing.

"Hmm?"

Heinrich scratched his head as he realized that there were five of them in the dorm, but none of his classmates except for the seniors.

"Where did everyone go?"

Heinrich asked, sitting across from Ellen as she picked up her meal.

"Ludwig's in the Guard, three of them seem to be doing some sort of magical research, and Detomorian has....... He's got his own thing going on."

The other four might, but does Ellen even know what the Dettomorians are doing? Heinrich narrowed his eyes at her comment.

"Guards? In that condition?"

"Yes."

"Is ...... okay?"

Heinrich muttered under his breath, wondering if he'd ever be able to do guard duty with his body, even if he was superhuman.

He seemed to think I was a terrible person.

"I don't think he's going to do anything that would put him in danger....... that would be dangerous."

He's less powerful, but as long as he has access to enchantments, and as long as he's as skilled as Ludwig, he's not going to be taken down by anything.

In fact, no matter what the level of the Guard is, Ludwig will be able to do what a platoon, not a squad, of Guardsmen can do with his left arm alone.

They don't call it spare the rod for nothing.

From the moment Ludwig is assigned, he's already among the elite.

Heinrich ate, and I ate the scrambled eggs that Ellen had made.

Taking things for granted is dangerous because it's become so normalized that you don't think about it anymore.

By the way, Ellen is back and so is Heinrich.

With the return of Erhina Kaeir and others, the old Temple vibe will return, but it will be a limited respite.

"Hmmm......."

Heinrich wondered what he was thinking, even in the middle of a meal.

"What's wrong?"

At Ellen's question, Heinrich shook his head.

"No....... I thought I was just hanging out here."

"......?"

"Ludwig is also doing guard duty in that body, and I think it's a bit much for me to be playing......."

No.

If you're here to rest, you'll rest. Why are you trying to copy someone who isn't resting?

When you need to take a break, just take a break!

If you're not going to take a break, why are you back here in the first place?

By the way.

"I was about to make my move."

Ellen nodded, as if she'd been thinking about it.

I wondered why I was so saggy today.

Ellen, were you trying to drive and then do something?

Apparently, in Ellen's mind, this was her last day off.

For some reason, it's been flopping around like crazy.

Ellen takes a bite of her sausage and says

"I was thinking of doing a lap of the Outer Rim tomorrow, and you can take half of it."

"Oh, okay, let's do that then."

He wants to work as soon as he gets back.

And the one who puts him to work right away.

-Cat!

"Do you want to come with me?"

-Hello!

It was my favorite thing to watch, a beast of prey.



* * *



Edina, capital of Razak, royal castle.

Senate Chamber.

"Black magic and alchemy. They're practically inseparable."

As soon as I shared the clues Reinhardt had given me, Antrianus, the head of Toyo, smiled sinisterly.

That's a total of six in this spot.

They were Lord Vampire Five and the scribe Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

I didn't need any more. The topic of this meeting is magic, high magic.

At Antrianus' words, Herriot hummed and twisted his lips.

"It's not indivisible, is it?"

"Doesn't even a scribe know that any magic, when it comes to reaching its peak, requires the blending of disciplines?"

"I know, but......."

"A spell to summon a meteor is impossible to implement without a simultaneous understanding of numerous magical systems, and alchemy and black magic are no different."

As with any magic, when taken to the extreme, it's not just a mix of two disciplines, it's a mix of multiple disciplines.

In that sense, we might as well call all magical systems inextricably linked.

"But we need to know what the Empire is trying to do, not theories and concepts. For one thing, we know they're stealing the bodies of heroes and warriors from the past, just as we took the ashes of saints and reanimated them into Death Knights to power them. Something like that."

At that, Elise's mouth went still.

"Creating higher undead similar to Deathknights doesn't necessarily require the power of alchemy, warlocks are sufficient, Scribe. But the fact that alchemy was used means....... I wouldn't call it simple, but it does mean something different is going on than simple undeadification."

At that, Galarsh crosses his arms and mutters.

"But just because an alchemist is helping doesn't necessarily mean that alchemy has anything to do with it. It's entirely possible that they're working on something else entirely."

In the end, only Christina confirmed that an alchemist was involved.

"And that kid, the alchemist, can't necessarily only do alchemy."

While Anna helped create Moonshine, it's not a product of black magic.

Likewise, it is certainly possible that Christina is assisting in the research with her knowledge of black magic, not alchemy.

Is it really a collaboration of two magical worlds?

Is it an entirely separate study.

Or is it just black magic.

"We have to think about the worst case scenario."

It was Lerouen who commented.

"Alchemy meets black magic, and the ashes are being used. And then. What the hell can we do....... Shouldn't we be thinking about that?"

"Right."

Whether or not that actually happens, you should assume the worst.

It's up to us to predict whether or not that's a threat to Edina.

There's no point in being optimistic about the situation.

"The lords of Thursdays and Saturdays have a knack for alchemy, can you think of anything?"

"Thurday's alchemy is mostly vegetative, mostly botanical. Rather pure, I'd say. Black magic or anything close to sobriety isn't really our thing....... I honestly don't know."

At Herriot's question, Lerouen shook his head.

Thursday.

Theirs is a very pure discipline of alchemy.

It is no exaggeration to say that alchemical knowledge of vegetation is now a large part of Rajak's food supply.

Knowledge of the undead, or rather, anything close to sobriety, is scarce. Alchemy is a vast field of study within the magical realm.

Lerouen didn't seem to have a clue, and Herriot stared at Antirianus nervously.

"From the Lord of Toyo......."

"Well, you're looking pretty excited about this."

"...... This may be rude, but I find it odd that the Lord of Toyo doesn't know about these things, and I do."

-nod

Everyone nodded in unison as Herriot spoke.

Alchemy related to black magic.

If it's evil, vicious, and cruel, it doesn't make sense for that perverted, four-legged vampire to not know about it.





