Episode 569.





"Hehe....... What the hell do you all think I am......."

Lucinil made a face at Antirrhinus, who was obviously disappointed.

"Antirrhinus, I suspect you know more than the correct answer, and that's what's bothering me."

"That....... That....... Really?!"

Herriot couldn't help but be enlightened by Rusinil's words.

I'm more afraid of that madman because I think he might know a way to do something even more cruel and terrible than what the Empire is doing now.

In fact, Elise's already white complexion had turned a ghastly shade of purple before she heard anything.

Herriot was beginning to wonder if he'd rather not hear what Antony had to say.

Wouldn't you rather not know what strange and terrifying possibilities lie in the maw of that abyss?

"Well, maybe you should just say nothing to the Lord of Toyo......."

Herriot was newly terrified, as the story sounded more hellish than it actually was.

"Alchemy....... The last patriarch did endeavor to create the ultimate in it, the Sage Stone."

The expressions on the faces of the other four patriarchs changed.

Antirrhinian's predecessor Toyo's gazoo certainly pursued it.

"The Philosopher's Stone?"

Antrianus nodded at Herriot's words.

"I thought it was a legend, like a dragon."

A legendary on par with a dragon.

In other words, it was a bunch of hype.

"Indeed it is, since the previous patriarch failed to create the Sage Stone."

It was hard to tell from Antirrhinus's questioning look what the truth about the former Toyo's gazoo was.

But the story we're talking about isn't about the Philosopher's Stone.

"Of course, my research was a little different than his."

"What was the study?"

"For example, the study of the convergent evolution of species......."

"......convergence evolution?"

"Yes, sir."

Herriot felt like covering his ears.

"There are quite a few examples of different species having similar capabilities, like demons and humans both finding their own ways to handle mana, albeit in different ways."

"Oh, yeah......."

"It's a study of what humans will become if they continue to evolve at this rate. It was a study of what demons would be like if they continued to evolve. It was a study of what would happen if they evolved to have more and more similar features, so that they became the same thing with different roots."

"......So, how did you do it?"

"Failed."

The conclusion was so far-fetched that Herriot and the other patriarchs were dumbfounded.

But what came next was enough to shock everyone.

"To do that, you'd first have to make the growth rate of humans and demons much faster than it is now, so that there would be frequent generation changes, and since you've failed to improve the two species in that way, you'd never see the end of it, would you?"

Everyone else has no idea what Antony is talking about, but everyone in this room is a wizard.

We know what Antony meant by his words.

Lucinil stares at Antirrhinus with a trembling expression.

"......So, you were trying to improve the species itself?"

"Yes, that's right."

The idea was that humans and demons would be able to change generations quickly enough to watch the species evolve, but it failed.

In other words, it was a living experiment. Needless to say, there were live humans and demons involved.

Herriot's complexion was grim.

This is the story of Antirrhinus leaving something terrible.

It was because all the other householders heard the story and were like, "Oh, yeah.

Even Elise was a little freaked out, but not frightened.

Because everyone in this room is old enough and wizened enough to know better.

So did Antirrhinus, and so did the other road vampires.

A shiver ran down her spine at the thought of what her father, a man who shunned unclean and unholy powers, would say if he knew she was in the company of these beings.

Herriot asks nervously.

"So....... Why did you do that experiment in the first place? Was it because you wanted to be one of those....... or something like that?"

"I'm bored, I have all the time in the world, and I have nothing to do, so I'm curious, so what's the point?"

"Ah."

"So I tried it, and I just stopped because it was clear that if I could improve the species, it wouldn't be natural in the first place, so there would be no point in going that route, and evolution doesn't flow in the direction of progress, so it was a pointless experiment in the first place."

After all, Lord Vampires are immortal wizards.

I've lived a long time and I'm curious about things, so I do weird experiments, and there's no big reason for it.

Antirrhinus rambled on about his other alchemical experiments.

Experiments have been conducted to synthesize harpies and humans to create exoskeletons, or to artificially imprint magic circuits on animals to make them magical.

"We've done experiments where we've transplanted the brain of a creature into another creature."

"......Have you done all the weird shit you can think of?"

"The heterogeneous case failed, but the homogeneous case succeeded."

"......No, it worked?"

Sometimes, I've done things that would have been outrageous and succeeded.

In human terms, that's like saying you switched brains from different humans and they came to life.

"Of course, the downside was that no matter how long you lived, you never lived more than a day."

There were some failed experiments, some semi-successful experiments, and quite a few successful ones.

As it turns out, Antirrhinus was a mad wizard.

A wizard who has dabbled in all manner of strange and terrible things.

That's Antony.

And it didn't come as a surprise to anyone. Everyone nodded in agreement that that's what Antony would have done, and Herriot was no exception, even if he was appalled by the story itself.

It's just a guy who seems like a guy doing a guy thing.

I've done a lot of things over the years that deserve to be hung and burned if I touch one.

Antirrhinus was right when he said that alchemy and black magic were inextricably linked.

The experiment itself was black magic in the first place, and I almost always resorted to black magic to make it work.

"Of course, I've experimented with creating a demand lord."

Antrianus looks at Lucinil with a wry smile.

"......itis."

"You're not surprised, are you?"

"It's like you would do something like that. No, it's weird that you wouldn't."

"I can't believe you realize how much I love the Lord of Demand......."

"Shut up."

Lucinil clicked her tongue, as if she didn't think he would.

Herriot knows.

Lucinyl was originally a product of the homunculus experiment, one of the forbidden liquors of alchemy.

When Herriot realized that Lucinil was a homunculus, he freaked out.

That's not all, he's also a vampire.

The fact that you can be a homunculus and a vampire at the same time is already something of a miracle.

"In the end, what I'm trying to say is that it's a misconception and a preconceived notion that alchemy is about potions and reagents."

"......."

"Alchemy, as practiced by the alchemists of the world, is castrated magic."

Herriot listened to Antony's explanation and understood what he was trying to say.

Reagents and potions.

Alchemy wasn't that kind of magic in the first place.

Because only acceptable levels of alchemy were permitted in the world, alchemy was watered down and tarnished from its original meaning.

"In the beginning, alchemy was a forbidden art that dealt with life."

Even the word "alchemy" already overly limits the magical nature of alchemy.

Life experiments.

In other words, Chimera.

There you have it, Homunculus.

That's pretty much the essence of alchemy.

It's only natural, then, that the magic of dealing with the dead would include alchemists, according to Antony.



* * *



Alchemy is rather life magic.

"I suppose you're saying that because you approach alchemy that way, your method is the norm, but Antony is right."

Rusinil nodded in agreement.

"Alchemy is a magical system that is inherently closer to black magic than white magic."

Alchemy is more about sobriety. Dealing with potions and reagents is a very limited and narrow aspect of alchemy, and is an oversimplification of alchemy.

"You're saying that it's very possible that what the Empire is doing now involves chimeras and homunculi?"

"It's inevitable."

Undead are technically animate in the broadest sense of the word.

So it was very likely that that branch of alchemy was being applied.

"So, are you saying you know what the Empire is doing or you don't?"

At Lucinil's question, Antrianus smiled and shrugged.

"Obviously, I didn't see it with my own eyes, so how would I know? I was merely pointing out that it's not all that unusual to have an alchemist in the mix."

The question of why Alchemist is included in the first place is already flawed.

There's nothing strange about its inclusion.

But we're back to square one. It makes sense that it's included, but we still don't know what it's doing.

"But it seems clear that the Empire is doing something."

"Good Lord....... That's a given."

There is no one in this room who doesn't know that the Empire is doing something in the first place.

So we're back to square one, and despite her fear of Antirrhinus, Herriot pokes fun at him.

"Scribe, did you not hear me?"

"The Lord of Toyo is....... did a lot of scary things......."

I can't tell you how many experiments I've done that made my skin crawl and my stomach turn.

"Scribe, what I meant to say was not that I've done so many experiments. What I meant to say was that I've 'failed' so many experiments."

"ah......."

Antirrhinus didn't do this to show off his cruelty and insanity.

They're all one-trick ponies, so it's not like they're snorting, but the other road vampires are.

So, in fact, Herriot was the only one in the room who was surprised by the story of Antony's experiment.

"Chimera and homunculus experiments usually fail. That's because life is such a precise and sophisticated system that it's not easily accessible to magic."

Antirrhinus didn't do it to show off, he did it to tell the story of his many failures.

"That's right," said Antony, "I've been studying and experimenting longer than he has, trying to build a homunculus like me, and of course I've failed."

Rusinil nodded in agreement.

Herriot wondered who made Lucinil and what happened to it, but that wasn't the point of the meeting.

Chimera and homunculus.

It is a very difficult magical system before sobriety, because it involves life.

Herriot thinks for a moment.

Antirrhinus lived a very long time, and Lucinian lived even longer.

When they both tried to study chimeras and homunculi on a given topic, they sometimes succeeded, but mostly failed.

We're at war.

There's no reason to put people and resources into something you don't know.

The Titan project was an adventure to some extent, but it had a solid rationale.

This will be no different.

"Not research or experimentation. You're doing some definite 'work' ....... Is that what you mean?"

"I suppose so."

There's a certain "way" to do something, and empire is about doing it.

It's doing something that's a definite power boost.

But that's already a homophone.

Of course, there's a way to do it, so it's no wonder the project is moving forward.

"But it's strange, the lands of the humans, let alone the Empire, are very strict about prohibition when it comes to black magic."

"Yes....... That's right."

Don't go sober for nothing.

While individual wizards are not immune to deviation, those who study forbidden magic are naturally punished severely.

"Also, the Empire didn't do any sobriety research itself; it was a nation that had a pretty good idea of magic and applied it to itself."

It's a ridiculous situation to argue about the desirability of a man who ate sobriety research and experimentation for a living, but the Empire literally wasn't a country that dabbled in sobriety through the back door.

"Something that must have involved alcohol, knowledge of it."

Antirrhinus smiles wryly.

An empire that has never dabbled too deeply in black magic and alchemy is dabbling in magical work that requires a high degree of knowledge of sobriety.

Of course, you're trying your hand at it because you know you'll succeed.

"Where the hell did that knowledge come from. Isn't that more important?"

The research itself is important, but even more important is the source of the research.

Herriot looks at Antirrhinus, his mouth agape.

Forbidden magic.

Two groups that had vast knowledge about it.

One is the Cantus Magna.

The other.

"No way....... The Empire has joined forces with the Black Order....... Is that what you're trying to say?"

Antrianus laughs at Herriot's question.

"It would be weird if it wasn't."

The suspicion of the undead went beyond the truth of the suspicion itself and suggested a completely outlandish possibility.





