Episode 570.





There's no way the Empire hasn't done extensive research on black magic.

But if you're working on a very large project, that knowledge has to come from somewhere.

The Black Order has taken to the continent to deal with the Gate in their own way, and it's taken a toll.

They put most of what was left of their strength into killing the demon with a last ditch effort.

But even the swordsmen and archmages who reached the Master Class, and the last Black Order leader to reach the Master Class, were no match for the demon.

The rebels fled as soon as they realized there was no hope.

After that, the Black Order was no longer able to intervene on the continent.

But the Black Order may have lost its power, but not its knowledge.

It is possible that Black Order remnants are working with the Empire and providing knowledge. The Empire may have accepted the knowledge of sobriety because they cannot afford to hide it.

While we don't know the full extent of what the Empire is up to, we do have a suspicion of another possibility.

But in the end, we had to call it a very important harvest.

"The Black Order tried to kill you. Whatever the Empire's intentions, if this is true, it can't be good for us."

At Eleris' words, Herriot nodded.

It's not just the Empire that thinks anything that helps the war effort is good, it's Reinhardt.

If the Black Order's knowledge could help end the war, Reinhardt wouldn't want to do it.

Silent, Lerouen crosses his arms and stares out the window.

"The Empire isn't doing research, they're doing something with a clear purpose and deliverable, and it's very likely that the Black Order's knowledge is the foundation."

"The Black Order is a very old magical order, and their library of sobriety and research must be the most extensive of any magical organization in the world - next to the now defunct Akasha, I'd say."

"I wonder what the Empire is trying to do with that knowledge......."

"But before we do that, let's get something straight."

Lerouen looks at Herriot.

"You said that bodies disappeared and were replaced in the Imperial Mausoleum and the Hall of Heroes."

"Yes, my lord."

Herriot nodded.

"Are 'all' the bodies in the Hall of Heroes gone?"

At that question, Herriot shook his head.

"I'm not sure about that, because we didn't open every sarcophagus, but the ones we did open were all empty."

"Hmmm, I guess so."

Lerouen looks troubled, and Herriot shakes his head.

"My lord, does it matter?"

"Yes, definitely."

"Why?"

Lerouen shrugs.

"I don't know who specifically is buried in the Hall of Heroes, but I'm sure it's not just physically strong heroes."

Those who made it to the master class.

Warriors aren't the only ones who have excelled in their majors or left their mark on human history.

"Be specific."

Lerouen asks.

"Was the sarcophagus of Mullern, the wizard among the warriors, also empty?"

Herriot's eyes widened at that.

Hall of Heroes.

Lagan Artorius' body was never there in the first place, Charlotte said.

That means there were remains in the other sarcophagus.

Herriot had apparently opened all of the sarcophagi of the Five Champions that day, though not the others.

"Yes, apparently....... was empty."

Olivia Ranze said.

When creating a Death Knight, it's all about the basics.

It's a pretty vicious example, but Olivia is clear that you can't make Death Knight out of Herriot's body.

But it's clear that the empire isn't doing the same thing as Olivia, it's doing something completely different.

"That's pretty....... scary possibility."

The imperial family must have recovered the remains because they have a plan, something they know they can do.

"Are you saying that dead bodies can use magic?"

"Is such a thing....... possible?"

Herriot asked, his face turning white.

"It's not like the undead use magic in the first place."

Antirrhinus points to himself and looks around.

The road vampires in this spot are undead.

"I've never heard of such a thing and didn't think it was possible, but isn't it possible to create a reach?"

Resurrect a dead warrior and call him a Death Knight.

If so, it's not impossible to lich a dead mage.

This magic has never existed, but that doesn't mean it won't.

"If the Empire can resurrect all the heroes and wizards that have ever existed in human history and send them to war, then war is not the problem."

Lucinil says with a stern look.

"The Empire will have more military power than ever before."

If this assumption is true.

Humanity has been weakened.

When the project is complete, the empire will be stronger than ever.



* * *



The Senate meeting revealed nothing, and raised more suspicions.

Until now, we hadn't paid attention to who the remains of our missing heroes were.

There are indications that the Empire may be able to go beyond the Death Knight level and create a Lich.

Of the remains of the missing wizards, only Mullern has been properly identified.

This means that it is possible that the remains of great archmages were recovered along with the remains of other great archmages, many of whom reside in mausoleums such as the Hall of Heroes and the Hall of Wisdom.

What if they were all brought back to life as lich, and could use magic at the same level as when they were alive?

The Empire would have the most powerful army in history.

Elise says still.

"If the war is over and the Empire disposes of those troops, I don't know, but....... If they don't, then......."

"You can't say that there's no chance they're going to target us."

Elise's dire prediction sent chills down Herriot's spine.

It can't be.

There's no reason it shouldn't be.

It's more powerful than ever, so why let go?

We're working together unbeknownst to each other, but we both know it can't last forever.

Galarsh says.

"Whatever the Empire is up to, I may have to destroy it before it's finished."

It's a shared goal to end this war.

But we all know that world peace doesn't happen the moment a goal is realized.

The Empire's preparations will help end the war, but here's the catch.

In the end, it's a fool's errand.

I'm afraid of what will happen after this is all over, so I have to think about destroying the means that might end it all.

If left alone, the war might end more easily.

However, after the war is over, the means that made it easy to fight that war may destroy us.

So should we foolishly interfere with this?

The Demon Wars were caused by humanity's fear of demons.

Gate was also caused by fear and hatred of each other.

And now.

Again.

Everyone is put to the test.

Do you have to watch your opponent wield enormous power?

Or should we go against that plan?

None of this would have happened if you trusted your opponent.

But just as the Empire could not trust the Darklands.

Darkland, too, could not trust the Empire.



* * *



I believe that when you rest, you should rest.

I'd watch Ellen or Heinrich and think, "I can't take a break," and then realize that I can't either.

Add to that the fact that Heinrich wants to go for a spin around the ecliptic as soon as he gets back, and it's not like he's here to rest in the first place.

Come to think of it, the most dangerous place to be right now might not be the Allied garrison with its ever-present troops, but the Zodiacal Gradient. The security here is probably the worst, as is the safety of the Outer Rim.

In that sense, you might as well make sure your neighborhood is safe for the winter.

Ellen and Heinrich seemed to be planning to take a lap around the outskirts.

Ellen travels half a circle from the north end to the west.

Heinrich from the south end to the east halfway.

It was a simple agreement.

"Watch out for the guys with no fire."

"I hope so."

At the main entrance to the Temple, Ellen and Heinrich had a brief conversation before being separated.

It's not exactly an agreement with the Guard, it's an autonomous mission.

It's not like they're going to take law enforcement action in the refugee camps, they're going to go around the outskirts and if there's a dangerous monster, they're going to shoo it away and then they're going to come back.

"Um......."

Ellen stares at me as I follow her out of the temple.

Ellen wore a robe in case anyone recognized her.

Ellen hesitated, wondering if she should take me with her, but eventually pulled me into a hug.

"Let's go."

-Angel

Like Heinrich can handle flames.

Ellen can also use Rafelt's flames to destroy monsters from a distance.

Lightly, like you're going for a walk.

Ellen picked me up and we headed north of the ecliptic.



* * *



Several days had passed since Ludwig had been assigned to guard the 17th Evacuation Zone, southwest of the ecliptic.

Ludwig could not be treated as a mere guard.

And I wasn't even an official security guard now. I was told I could quit anytime I wanted to.

It's not because you lost an arm.

More than just a member of the Temple Royal class, he is a superhuman who is far beyond the average guard.

In addition to being a veteran of the Allied forces, he has remained committed to the policing of the zodiac even after being sent to the rear.

So Ludwig was very much appreciated for his willingness to do something about it, rather than for the parachute treatment.

Ludwig wanted to be treated as a mere guard, but everyone treated him harshly, regardless of his temporary rank, including the captain of the 17th Guard, to which he belonged.

Now, however, Ludwig was facing a troubled-looking guard captain at the headquarters of the 17th Guard, one of the few intact buildings in the evacuation zone.

"You mean support for the marauders?"

"Yes, sir."

"umm......."

Ludwig's words made the captain of the guard uncomfortable.

A few days into his assignment, Ludwig was itching for another assignment.

Swarm missions.

A guard that patrols the outskirts of the ecliptic and fights monsters directly.

Ludwig told the captain of the guard that he wanted to take the job.

Since the lynch mob was not under the jurisdiction of the 17th Guards and was part of a completely different chain of command, Ludwig was asking to be assigned to a different unit altogether.

"We need your help here too, Ludwig. You know that, don't you?"

"......, I'm pretty sure I know that."

"I thought you understood that the work here is not to be taken lightly."

"No, I'm not ignoring what's going on here......."

Ludwig isn't just saying this because he wants to fight monsters.

As with all Zodiac Guards, the one in the refugee zone is very understaffed and needs Ludwig.

Ludwig isn't ignoring the work on this side of the world.

"The work here is making me....... too difficult."

"......."

Crime.

Immediate judgment and action must be taken from time to time for crimes involving humans.

It's almost a lawless zone, and it's not uncommon for guards to be attacked.

Over the past few days, Ludwig has seen the immediate action at the hands of the guards take the form of summary execution.

No trial, no process.

The security situation is so volatile that the guards are given more than a modicum of autonomy.

Ludwig found it challenging to have to take immediate action in such a situation.

Is your judgment right?

Ludwig wasn't so sure.

When you're fighting a monster, you don't need that kind of judgment.

Monsters are evil.

So kill it.

But whether or not refugees who commit crimes really did something wrong, and if that's the case, whether or not we should forgive them because they can't help it.

You never know when your actions will result in the death of an innocent person, or when your poor judgment will land an innocent person in jail.

Work isn't worthless.

It's too hard for me.

Ludwig knows he's not very smart.

You may be wrong.

That's what was killing Ludwig.

Fighting monsters may be hard, but it doesn't have to be a headache.

"I can't do that."

"......."

"You know that the higher-ups won't accept your request, Ludwig."

The Emperor has a seat for you.

If you want to go somewhere dangerous, you're not going to be able to go there, even if you've been told not to.

Ludwig is not a parachute. But he's not a parachutist either.

So Ludwig can't get out of this one.

If you continue to deny the Emperor's favor, you may even be burned in the temple.

I may not even be able to do this.

"......OK."

In the end, Ludwig had no choice but to stay and trust his own shaky judgment.





