Episode 571.





Ludwig never liked to kill.

Technically, they're afraid of it.

Still, Ludwig fought because he felt it was the right thing to do.

Ludwig is such a person.

If you have a clear, defined goal, you don't hesitate to run toward it. Even if you're afraid of it, you stay the course.

But.

Ludwig is lost in a problem that doesn't have a straightforward answer.

Until now, Ludwig has relied on his friends to help him with such problems.

Delfin Izadra.

Lanyon Sesor.

Scarlett and Louis Ankton, of course.

The other classmates in B judged me.

Someone made the judgment call for him, and Ludwig went on his way.

But Ludwig is now alone.

And I had to face questions with no clear answers.

In the vagueness of living well, there are no rules and no theories.

So Ludwig didn't know whose hand to raise among those living in vague despair.

There has never been a reason to build such a thing.

Ludwig's justice is nothing more than the punishment of a manifest evil.

The culprit behind all of this.

A monster that seeks to destroy humans.

Where there was an obvious enemy, Ludwig's unbreakable will shone through.

But places like this.

In the chaos, where everyone was neither good nor evil, in the refugee camps, where everyone was just trying to survive, Ludwig didn't know what to choose.

Ludwig thought the battlefield was terrible.

-One more piece! Give me one more piece!

But what a horrible sight it was to see them fighting over a mere slice of bread.

Ludwig walked through a refugee neighborhood of shacks with a guard patrol.

Ludwig has to get used to the smell of poverty, stench, and hunger that permeates everything like grime.

The outfits of the guards were the placenta, hiding in the alleyways of the shacks.

If you're honest, there's no reason to hide.

Are they all guilty of something, or are they planning to commit a sin?

Ludwig gritted his teeth as he watched the adults and children retreat into silence.

No way.

In the lawlessness of the refugee camps, the guards treat most sins with the utmost severity.

Even if I hadn't done anything wrong, I would have avoided it for that reason.

In fact, while talking to Ludwig, I saw a guard on patrol slap a young boy on the cheek for bumping into him.

Ludwig froze as he watched the boy scramble across the floor, his cheeks popping and the corner of his mouth bleeding.

I didn't know what to say to the guard, who smiled sheepishly at me, saying he was being gentle in front of Ludwig.

When Ludwig realized that it was actually a slap on the wrist, he was at a loss for words.

It was a pain in the ass to look at.

Ludwig is currently accompanied by two guards.

"Hmmm......."

Thorntine, the senior soldier, stops in the street and stares off into the distance.

"I think we should go over there."

Beyond the shack, a guard points in a certain direction.

"Is there....... anything?"

"I smell meat grilling."

"Yeah, I think there's smoke, and I don't know why......."

The guard shrugs at Ludwig, who doesn't understand.

"Why would meat be here?"

"......."

Ludwig wasn't so sure he understood what she meant.



* * *



After a while.

"Oof! Oof!"

The skeletal remains stared at the ground with sunken eyes, while the guards clicked their tongues at the vomiting Ludwig.

"It's not uncommon."

The other guards are neither surprised nor appalled.

I'm hungry, so I eat.

It's a no-brainer.

For those who are cornered, cannibalism is sometimes the only option.

The guard's nonchalant attitude.

And the salivating stares as the guards watched the spilled contents from afar.

Ludwig looked at them and gritted his teeth.

This is.

Beyond the hard stuff.

It was painful.



* * *



Cannibalism is punishable by death.

You can't forgive them for that, no matter how starved they are.

If there is no punishment for the behavior because it was an unavoidable choice, it's not that people shouldn't do it in the future, it's that they shouldn't get caught.

In that case, cannibalism becomes the norm in the evacuated areas.

We don't kill because we hate sin, because it is an unforgivable evil.

Some sins could destroy the entirety of this refugee colony.

Ludwig knew that the refugee zone needed help.

When you thought there was something you could do.

He felt that he could find a sense of purpose in that small task.

"......."

But where is the smallness in this?

Some may decide that this is better than risking your life on the battlefield.

Ludwig found the battlefield easier.

It was more comfortable.

This terrible place, where everyone was the enemy of everyone because of a single enemy: hunger, was the most difficult place for Ludwig to work.

I want to run away.

For almost the first time in his life, Ludwig had such a thought in his head.



* * *



Ludwig realized with his own eyes how ridiculous it was that troops were not starving in an Allied garrison.

I couldn't help but wonder why the Allies kept replenishing their ranks.

You might not starve until you're trampled to death by a monster's feet.

For now, the soldiers in the Serandia Alliance garrison will remain comfortable during the winter months.

I couldn't help but feel how important that "eating" was in the matter of livelihood.

There's only one problem.

Hunger.

But the many offshoots of that problem don't boil down to a single cannibalization.

"...... What is this?"

"I don't know."

Ludwig felt an indescribable sense of revulsion when he saw what Sontaine had brought back from rummaging through the shack, bits and pieces of bones frozen together.

You don't even know which bones are which.

There was a lot of mumbling in one corner of the shack, and a guard, sensing something was amiss, went into the shack and brought it back.

Seven people were praying to this bone idol in a small shack.

Not surprisingly, it doesn't resemble any of the gods' holy names.

Heresy prevails.

The Mercenary Church, which believes in Ellen Artorius, cannot be treated as a heresy.

But it wasn't just the warrior religion, strange and unexplained superstitions were popping up all over the refugee camps.

"Demon worshippers?"

One of the guards spoke to the kneeling members of the cult.

"Oh, no, we believe in Esta, our soon-to-be-manifest savior......."

Heretics who believe in an unidentified god.

"For salvation is coming soon......."

Ludwig felt like he was being unraveled.

"What shall they do?"

"You don't have to kill them all."

Does this mean we're sparing them?

-Poof!

"Off....... off......."

No, he was talking about killing only one person.

"Don't believe in heresy."

With those words, the guard turned away.

They don't die because of some law.

One guard.

People's lives hinge on that guard's judgment.

-Damned bastards.......

-Heaven forbid.

Curses were hurled at the backs of Ludwig and his companions as they turned, and the other guards walked away without even responding, as if they were used to it.



* * *



It's best not to think of them as people.

A senior guard who was deciding whether to kill or spare the refugees.

The words were spoken by Sonthein, a member of Ludwig's gunnery guard at this point.

"You might as well think of it as a bug."

"But how can......."

Then I fought to defend the worms, and lost my arm.

I've lost a few friends, and I've lost a few men, defending the bugs.

How does it make sense that the guards here would so easily stomp on their loved ones as if they were bugs?

The Allies are dying for nothing but bugs.

Who are you to judge such things?

Ludwig felt like he was about to burst into tears, but he couldn't bring himself to say it.

Or whatever.

What to do.

It's no secret that none of this happens when their hunger is satisfied.

I wonder if all this is happening because we can't solve it.

The answer is easy.

But there's no way to answer that.

"If you don't think that way, you can't do the job."

Sontaine looks around.

As the adults and children duck for cover, Thorntine speaks up.

"We think of them as bugs, and they think of us as monsters."

Bug-killing monsters.

Guards were just that here.

"Don't go easy on them."

"......."

"I can't tell you how many guys have gone to the goal."

Guards are a collection of monsters.

Refugees don't like guards who kill them like dogs.

I can't count the number of guards who have been stabbed to death because they thought they were different from the others.

Just as the guards summarily execute the refugees, the refugees kill the guards.

The guards treat the refugees badly, the refugees take revenge on the guards, and the guards become even more extreme in their behavior.

That chain of hatred is what is happening in the refugee camps now.

Ludwig nodded grimly at Sonthein's words.



* * *



Well-crafted laws don't stay well-crafted.

As long as there is power to uphold the law, the law can be upheld.

The criteria can be vague.

It doesn't have to be fair.

It doesn't matter if the law has become so vague that it can't even be called a law.

Laws, no matter how fair and great they are, are not trustworthy unless there is an authority, a force, to enforce them.

Therefore, the basis of the law itself lies in its power, not in its perfection.

The refugee zone was a stark reminder of that reality.

There has to be a tipping point at some point in this situation where we're just using violence to keep the refugees down.

At some point, the anger and hatred of the refugees will cross a threshold where they can be suppressed by force, and the state will be overthrown.

Laws, deprived of the only force that sustains them, will become meaningless and chaos will reign.

Hunger.

Cannibalization.

Ethan.

Murder of the guards.

And.

Attacks on guards.

-Pak!

-Die, you devils!

Ludwig catches a fist-sized rock flying toward his face with his left hand and watches as the boy disappears into an alley, shouting hateful words.

For a moment, Thornton is amazed at Ludwig's reflexes. He looks calmly into the alley.

"Chasing?"

"It's okay, I'm the one who got attacked."

-Well, now there's an asshole guard!

Ludwig smiled bitterly as he heard the echo of the boy calling out to him in the alley.

And it's not just the direct attackers.

Gazing at themselves in the gaps of shacks, in alleys.

I can feel the murder and hatred in his gaze.

No matter how arbitrarily the guards beat and kill someone, the stare itself is not punishable.

It's not because you can't see the guilt in their eyes.

We can't do that, because if we kill everyone who looks at us like that, we'll have to push the refugee camps out of existence.

Ludwig shakes his head as he grabs the rock that flew at him.

If he gets used to it, Ludwig, like the other guards, will have to kill refugees.

At the end of the probationary period, Ludwig should also participate in these private sanctions.

I wonder if we can do something like that.

Is it okay to do this?

Ludwig didn't think he could handle this, no matter how much he thought about it.

Fighting was not allowed, and what could be done was to beat, subdue, and sometimes kill the helpless in the name of law and order.

You might as well go back to the temple and stay in your dorm.

Or find something else to do elsewhere.

Ludwig would eventually come to that conclusion.

But leaving doesn't make the tragedy here go away.

Turning away because it's too much to bear is never the right thing to do.

We don't know what's right, but Ludwig had to know that much.



* * *



Patrolling is literally walking from place to place, identifying anomalies on the street and taking action on the spot.

Sontaine's patrols, led by Ludwig, weren't necessarily violent, killing refugees.

Retrieving bodies left in an alley and determining the identity of the deceased.

Mediating to prevent petty arguments from escalating into violence.

Watching for thieves at a food distribution site.

Ask refugees what's going on in the streets to get a sense of the overall situation in the area and if there are any organized criminal groups.

Then there was the case of a child crying in the street because she had lost her mom, and we brought her safely to her parents.

While many evacuees feared and disliked the guards, others did not.

'If this is all you do, you'll be fine.......'

Ludwig smiled as he watched the child run back to him, holding his mother's hand and waving wildly.

Executing refugees was an extreme situation and not something that happened very often.

Some things were trivial, and some things were important and had to be done.

It wasn't all doom and gloom.

Ludwig wandered the streets with Sonntein until the patrol was over.

"That's a restricted area. You don't have to patrol it."

"You have the line ......, right?"

Ludwig saw that there was a cordon down a certain alleyway.

It was like they had closed off a whole section of the site.

Ludwig watched as a grayish smoke billowed skyward from inside a certain area.

It's clear that there's a fire.

"Is there a good reason for a lockdown?"

"There's an epidemic going around."

"......Pandemic?"

"It's not uncommon. We have epidemics all the time."

"Isn't it dangerous, if there's an epidemic with people this close together......."

No matter how much we locked down, if the pandemic started to spread, we would have a huge problem.

It's not going to end with one or two people dying, it's going to be thousands.

No, it's not the pandemic in the first place.

"Shouldn't the priests come to....... shouldn't they be here?"

It is the role of the priests to cure diseases.

Even if you can only afford to heal one or two wounds, priests should be brought in for big problems like epidemics.

But the priests don't come because they're just closing off the plague zone.

At Ludwig's words, Sontaine stares at the smoke from the cordoned off area.

It was clearly smoke from burning bodies.

"The power to cure disease is the power of Tuan, the god of purity."

"Then the priests of Tuan will be able to......."

"A lot of them are dead."

"What?"

"You know how you're treated now......."

"ah......."

"Still, it shouldn't have been this bad, but the worse it gets, the more people hate the priests of Tuan and Alth, as well as all the priests of the Five Great Houses."

The two gods who granted the demon a holy object.

The persecution of their faith had been intensifying since the Gate incident.

Priests would come to treat epidemics and provide relief to refugees, but the hatred of them had already reached a fever pitch.

The people who need help hate the people who will help them.

So when Tuan's priests enter this massive refugee camp during the plague, they have to worry about getting home alive.

Ludwig could not help but realize from Sontag's words that the number of priests who had actually died was countless.

As a result, priests were not allowed to enter the refugee camps.

The epidemic goes unchecked.

"Of course, it's a big problem if left alone, so we've sent out a request for assistance to the Crusaders, so the plague cleanup will be handled by priests with hidden identities. They'll be a little slow to respond, but that doesn't mean they won't."

"......I see."

In order to save people, you have to hide who you serve.

"I'll call it a night on patrol, and you can go home now. I'll report to the captain of the guard."

"Ah....... Got it, thanks."

"Mr. Ludwig."

Sontaine calls out to Ludwig as he turns to leave.

"...... You don't have to do this."

You're not the right person for this job.

The implication was that someone who had returned from a glorious job shouldn't have to do something so miserable and disgusting, and Ludwig had no answer.



* * *



Ellen and Heinrich decided to split up to patrol the outlying areas, north and south.

The bottom line is that Ellen never made it outside the ecliptic.

Ellen returned to the temple, her face white with panic, and set me down on the bed in her arms.

"......."

-Angel

No one recognized Ellen because she was wearing a hoodie, but everyone saw her hugging her cat.

Honestly, it wasn't unexpected at all.

Kids on the street say, "Sis, can I have that?

Can't you give it to me?

Hungry.

Ellen's face turned pale as she followed him around.

They did.

When a group of grown men and women tried to sneak up on her with their mouths watering, Ellen turned on them.





