Episode 575





I knew that if I met with Bertus, we would have a conversation, and I knew that he would have to give in to my demands.

I chose to take the risk and meet Bertus in person.

It's not that I'm in danger of getting in trouble for meeting Bertus, or that he's in danger of getting in trouble for meeting me.

The fact that Bertus and I met.

It's dangerous if someone finds out about it later in some way.

So it wasn't hard to get to the bottom of it once I met and talked to Bertus in person. But I didn't expect them to show me what they were doing.

Bertus barked orders at Savior Tana.

Evict everyone in the Hogwarts research building for three hours.

I would change my appearance, of course, but it wouldn't do the Emperor any good to have anyone see that he had entered the laboratory with an unknown person.

Saviolin Tana left to deliver the order, and Bertus and I sat in the empty dining room talking until everything was ready.

"Charlotte is....... How is she doing?"

The look on Bertus' face when he asked that was complicated.

They once hated each other to the point of trying to kill each other, but at some point, Bertus began to feel sorry for Charlotte.

Bertus decided to execute Charlotte, but he was actually calling for me.

And I left, taking Charlotte with me.

Bertus wanted to save Charlotte.

"I've got my own job, and it's better than living in the palace."

"Is that......."

Bertus says with a sad look on his face.

"Thank you. Reinhard."

I wonder if he's thanking me for showing up to save Charlotte.

It will mean one thing, and it will mean something else.

My relationship with Bertus is much different than it was in the past.

Now Bertus was technically in a low position.

You don't want to know that I have less than you.

Guilt.

He felt incredibly guilty about it, and he's still using me to this day.

When Bertus heard of Charlotte's whereabouts, he seemed a little relieved.

It didn't lead to more conversations.

Three years is a long time, but in some ways it's not that long.

But those who survived those three years experienced too much.

The public conversation was over, and there were too many obstacles to have a private conversation.

You never know what the future holds.

"About the Gate debacle....... Is there anything else I should know?"

There wasn't much I could say to Bertus' question.

"Just do what you're doing now."

Last gate.

That was all I could say because it wasn't Bertus' business.



* * *



By the time Saviolin Tana returned, the Emperor's instructions had been carried out.

They all left the lab without leaving a single ant behind, and the guards cleared out.

Changing his face with the Ring of Sarkegar, he donned his robes and headed to the research wing of the School of Magic with Bertus.

"I don't think it would have been possible to sneak in here."

There were several layers of security checkpoints on the way into the underground lab alone, so it's unclear if even Sarkozy could have penetrated the system.

"Dreadfind might find a way. Coming to me directly would have been a convenient option, but not the only one."

Bertus held Sarkeghar captive for nearly two years.

So it was inevitable that I would learn about the Dreadfind clan.

"Anna and Christina suggested it first."

"......what?"

I don't know what that means, but I couldn't help but ask.

When he suggested it, he was obviously referring to this thing I'm about to see.

"Even if it's a terrible way to do it, if it helps end the gate crisis, is it okay to do it?"

"Anna and....... and Christina....... first?"

"Yeah. Louis joined us later."

They suggested it first, not Bertus.

No one is unchanged by the war, and comparisons to the original are now laughable.

Either because of terrible things, or because of something else.

Anna and Christina have come up with a way to reanimate the fallen and reintroduce them into battle, and they've even proposed it to the Emperor.

Just as Adelia created the Titans.

No.

Seeing Adelia's involvement in the Titan project may have inspired Anna and Christina to do something of their own.

Titans were not in the original.

Maybe the Titan inspired Anna and Christina, and that's why they thought of ways to contribute to the war in their own way.

"I thought about it. For a long time."

Bertus says as he descends into the underground laboratory.

"For a very....... very long."

It desecrates the bodies of the fallen, the bodies of those who were too good to die.

When he said he'd thought about it for a long time, I realized how much Bertus had agonized over the decision to accept the job.

In the end, Bertus would have said yes.

He may have even decided to use the tombs of heroes in the imperial mausoleum.

Just like that, I saw

What Bertus was working on after Titan.

"This is......."

Huge culture pots.

"This is undead?"

"......Yes."

There was a human body there, pristine, without a single wound.

From the looks of it, it was definitely not the body of someone who had died of trauma.

The other ports were no different.

It wasn't hard to figure out why the bodies of people who should have died of trauma were so clean and intact.

"Did you really....... played?"

"Yes, I'm regenerating flesh and muscles that have been lost or decayed."

It was a body that had been restored to near-original shape, not a body that had retained its original shape.

Such ports were placed throughout the underground lab.

"Homunculus is the alchemy that creates life."

"......Yes."

"So the homunculus is said to be a magic that creates something out of nothing, which is why it is said to have a high probability of failure, because you can't create life easily."

Bertus stares at the body of an unnamed person, still, eyes closed.

"The homunculus is that kind of magic that explores the truth of life, but we don't want to know the end of the homunculus technology, we want a homunculus that can be electrified, so we don't have to create something out of nothing."

"Is this a case of making something out of nothing?"

"Yeah."

More precisely, it's about breathing life back into something that was once dead.

"Making something that no longer functions as a living thing function again. I hear it's easier than building a real homunculus."

A homunculus creates a life form that never existed in the first place, but in this case, it's a reconstruction of a life form we already know.

If you have a good understanding of human anatomy, you can build a human, and the material was already human from the start.

Homunculus's arcane skills allow him to restore lost, damaged, or decayed organs, flesh, and muscle.

Not like the undead.

Undead are those that move while dead.

But it's about giving something resembling life to a dead body.

"It sounds like you can resurrect a dead person from....... from the dead."

"No, I'm not going to research that, and I don't think it's possible. I mean, just because they give you your life back doesn't mean it's really your life back."

Bertus, me, and Tana walk through the underground lab.

The bodies of strangers on the ship were being restored. They could be Allied fallen, people who had died since the Gate, or heroes of the past who were long dead.

"It's a long-winded way of saying it, but that's what it boils down to: you take the bodies of the dead, reanimate them with the arcane arts of Homunculus, attach a fake body to a real one that shouldn't be meshed with the skills of a chimera, and animate it with black magic, and you create a creature with almost as much, if not more, power than the living........ undead."

Bertus looks at me.

"Making it a golem. That's what we're doing."

A living golem, technically.

It contains tricks for many magical disciplines, most of which are forbidden, but at its core it is a living golem.

Golems are made from living humans and reintroduced into the war.

It's also more powerful than when the lion was alive.

"Can you bring a wizard back to life?"

"That's still in the testing phase, but it turns out it's possible."

That's what people in Edina were concerned about, and it's clear that it's possible.

"You don't think it's the priests?"

"......what?"

"I can revive clerics, too, with holy power available, though I don't know why."

At that point, I was at a loss for words at the absurdity of the world.

"Yeah....... I knew the Five Great Houses weren't normal."

Chimeras, homunculi, and black magic.

Eventually, through a combination of alchemy and black magic, the Empire was able to resurrect the corpses of the dead with nearly all of their abilities and use them at will.

"Do you have a self?"

"I don't have it, and I'm glad I don't have it."

A doll that bears an uncanny resemblance to a living human being.

I'm not sure if they should technically be called undead, but they are, after all, undead, and they are like golems.

"Not all of them can be reanimated in this way; some won't regenerate if the defect is too large, and others will regenerate but won't budge when you try to control them."

The success rate is around 7 percent, Bertus added.

In my opinion, it was ridiculously high.

"If I fail to control....... something very bad is going to happen. Am I worrying too much?"

As powerful as Death Knights are, they don't actually restore life abilities. In this case, however, it restores the ability to live.

If you revive a Swordmaster, you get a Swordmaster, and if you revive an Archmage, you get an Archmage.

Just thinking about what would happen if they lost control was enough to make my head hurt.

Bertus smiled bitterly at my question.

"Reinhard, the fate of the world is at stake."

"......."

"How can you not take that risk?"

You'll have to borrow a cat's hand.

If you can borrow a cat's hand, why not the devil's?

Once that devil's hand has gotten me out of trouble, it doesn't matter what happens next.

Bertus' words made sense.

Will these save us.

Or will it take us down another rabbit hole.

"But....... doesn't seem to be ready for live deployment yet, seeing as how it's only incubating things like this."

I don't know what to call them, but with the finished product nowhere to be seen, they're not quite ready to be fielded yet. The moment they come out of the port, the game changes.

"No."

But when I asked, Bertus shook his head.

"It's already in pilot."

"......what?"

"You saw it."

Bertus points his finger upward.

Ground.

"Didn't you think there were too many guards in the temple?"

"......?"

"Weren't there an unusually large number of them, especially around here?"

As it turns out, the security around the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry is very tight.

A large group of guards roamed the neighborhood of the College of Magic.

"If they had that many guards left, they would have sent them to a refugee camp or something. I mean, how many people do you think the Temple has that many guards at the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry?"

In the first place, most of the guards near the College of Magic were homunculus undead.

You may not recognize them, but the guards are all wearing helmets.

So you never see their faces.

No one wants to know what face is inside the helmet in the first place.

"Once we're sure it's taking commands properly, we'll test it by slaying monsters outside the ecliptic."

Suddenly I understood why Ellen and Heinrich hadn't been able to find any monsters near the ecliptic.

A raid to rid the world of monsters in the outer reaches of the ecliptic.

They were resurrected corpses that had nothing to do with the Guard in the first place.

The area around the ecliptic was already a testing ground to see if we could get the resurrection up and running.

The mercenary mission was never meant to be for anyone else, for entirely different reasons.

"After winter, we'll put them all in the field."

The actual deployment was already underway.

It's obvious without looking how much power it will have and how much it will help.

"If they alone can end the gate debacle....... It's funny to say this, but we might not need any more allies."

If an army of returnees is all that is needed to wage war, and if their individual strength is greater than in life, then a larger army may not be necessary.

The gate crisis may end a little sooner, and no more major sacrifices may be made.

If you do something you shouldn't, you can prevent further sacrifices.

The temptation is too great.

I was tempted to just make Death Knight, but Bertus was even more tempted.

It's a choice I have no reason not to make, and I can't help but feel that it was necessary.

However, there is no way to predict the extent of the risk.

What happens when the returnees get out of control.

I don't know.

But it does help.

And if Bertus is right, it doesn't involve the Black Order.

So I've come to the conclusion that no matter how much of a risk this may be to me in the future, I'll just have to wait and see.

Whatever inevitability comes later.

Just as Bertus takes advantage of this, so should you.

But aside from the conclusion, there's another realization.

A body restored to near-original condition.

I think I know what that means.

It's restoring the dead to something close to what they were when they were alive, but it doesn't really bring them back to life.

But it will eventually move like a living thing.

Christina and Adelia suggested it, and it took shape.

I thought this was due to Titan.

They thought they were inspired by Titan and wanted to contribute to the war.

You don't know until you try.

But there's something I would have tried to do.

"Are those guys....... maybe......."

Christina and Anna.

"You didn't try to revive Ashur, did you?"

The first classmate who died.

B-4 Ashur.

I don't know if I started this to bring him back, or if he died while I was doing this and I tried to bring him back afterward.

I would have definitely tried.

"......."

Bertus said nothing.

The silence made me realize that they were trying to revive Ashur.

And, of course, I knew it was bound to fail.

We don't know if the restore succeeded or if it failed.

I didn't have to, and I didn't want to.





