Episode 577.





It's no secret that the Devil has infiltrated the temple.

Even the fact that he lived in the same grade as emperors, princesses, and warriors hints at the evil and malicious side of the demon.

He was close to the most important people in the empire, observing them and learning about them. He even tried to recruit the empress and the prince to his side without their knowledge.

Eventually, however, the demon was discovered, and those who had been captured by him dared to betray humanity, rescue him, and escape.

We don't know what the Demon's true purpose was, but he caused the Gate Crisis in order to exterminate humanity.

Henchmen of the Devil who betrayed humanity.

And some of the second-year Royal Class members, including Ellen, had become very important people.

Emperor, Bertus de Gradias.

Warrior, Ellen Artorius.

Adelia, the creator of the Power Cartridge and Titan.

Heinrich, the flame wizard.

Christina, the creator of Moonshine.

Ludwig had never been too conscious of being their classmate, but facing Rowen's astonishment, he was reminded that his classmates, with the exception of the Devil and Ellen, were too large to be easily discussed.

Rowen looks at Ludwig with a mixture of fear and curiosity, somehow afraid, but unable to contain her curiosity.

"What was the devil like?"

"......."

What Reinhardt was like.

As a freshman, Reinhardt was a below-average student, albeit an A student, and Ludwig wasn't sure if that was a facade to hide his true power or his true self.

Ludwig has seen many forms of the Devil, though not of the same class.

He was violent and abrasive.

I couldn't say it was evil.

But now that Gate has happened, Reinhardt is evil.

"Well....... I don't know."

On the contrary, after all the time they had spent together, Ludwig could only feel sorry for himself, saying that he didn't seem to know the slightest bit about Reinhard.

"I thought I knew a little bit, but now that I think about it, I don't think I did."

"......Yes."

Ludwig stares up at the ashen winter sky.

"Except that the devil....... One day, he will surely......."

As an underdog, as a loser, there's only one thing you can do.

"I just wish they would pay for everything they've done."

Longing for a non-existent punishment.

And the curse.

That was it.



* * *



Rowen and Ludwig crossed the cordon's demarcation point and entered the plague zone.

Ludwig and Rowen both wear masks.

The plague-ridden area was off-limits like it was yesterday, and when Rowen showed some sign, the guards obediently opened the way.

"......."

"This is what I do, and I see it often, but I just can't get used to it."

Once inside the epidemic zone, Ludwig couldn't help but notice how different the atmosphere was from outside.

The rest of the place was just as grim and gloomy, but you could practically smell the death wafting through the cold air.

The guards pulling the carts were heading somewhere, loaded with skinny bodies, and smoke was rising from the direction they were headed.

When Ludwig heard the word plague, he imagined a terrible, grotesque pestilence that spread like wildfire and ate people in a matter of hours.

But the bodies didn't show any signs of the plague.

It's just a bunch of people who are too weak, too sick to die.

Ludwig watches in disbelief as they are loaded onto a cart and driven away, dying of nothing more than an insignificant disease.

The entire area is cordoned off, and the people inside will soon be dying of the plague, even if they aren't sick.

This is probably what's happening all over the ecliptic refugee camps.

Once you've cleaned up this area, you're not done.

New epidemics will continue to arise, and people will continue to die from trivial infectious diseases unless the underlying issues are addressed.

"Now what and how......."

"I'm going to go through the streets and offer a prayer of purification, all you have to do is follow me."

"Are you sure you don't want anyone to see you praying......."

Rowen shakes his head at the suggestion that it might be dangerous.

"Mr. Ludwig."

"Yes, Priest."

"I wonder if there's anyone here who has the stamina to take me down, and if so, that would be a good thing."

"ah......."

"Extreme situations are more of a what-if, and it's unlikely that Ludwig will step in."

It's not that we haven't had problems, but rest assured, it's not a common occurrence," Rowen smiles.

Most people don't even have the energy to express their hatred with violence.

If they do, all you have to do is run away with Rowen in tow.

"And it's not like I'm singing loudly, most people think I'm a crazy woman walking around mumbling to myself."

Rowen said it in a playful way to reassure Ludwig, and Ludwig couldn't help but laugh in spite of himself.

But he wasn't kidding, he was serious.

Ludwig watches Rowen wander the deserted streets, head bowed, mumbling prayers to himself.

From what she said, she didn't look like anything other than a crazy woman who had lost her mind.



* * *



There was no brilliant white light, no gentle golden glow.

At Ludwig's side, Rowen walked through the shacks filled with unprocessed bodies and coughing, mumbling unintelligible prayers.

The murmurs sounded ominous when overheard, but when listened to properly, they clearly contained the contents of a purification prayer to Tuan, the god of purity.

The only thing that convinced us that we were doing something right was that the stench that had been wafting through the streets was disappearing, even in this cold weather.

Off to the side, Rowen was reciting a prayer, each step deliberate.

Later, the plague may break out in other parts of the country, but this terrible disease in this street will surely disappear, and the sick will be healed.

-The will of purity, which rejects corruption, decay, and nightmares.......

Ludwig suddenly found the whole thing bizarre.

This epidemic, with so many people dying in vain, even if it's not a deadly disease.

A single prayer.

It's sobering to think that a plague can be wiped out by a single priest.

How is this possible?

Is this the power of the gods and a miracle.

Though men may feel betrayed by two of the Five Great Givers and deny them, the power of the gods benefits men to an absurd degree.

Ludwig suddenly realized.

If humanity can survive, no matter how this ends.

The power of the gods is eternal, and the people will restore their faith, if only to receive the power and grace of Tuan and Als.

Divine power is different from any action that uses mana as a resource.

While different priests have different abilities, divine power does not require a price.

Another mystery, apart from psychic powers, divine power is a costless miracle that is manifested by the mere act of believing in something.

Why the gods.

He does great miracles in the world.

Why the gods.

Did you choose to be that way?

The prayer was long.

The blighted area itself was large, but Rowen walked very slowly, praying.

By evening, the entire area was cleaned up. Luckily, it went off without a hitch.

"I think we're finally getting somewhere....... Mmm. Mmm. Hmmm!"

Rowen had been reciting the prayer for over eight hours, and she could almost taste her throat. His throat was so hoarse he could barely hear his own voice.

I'd been praying for eight hours without a sip of water, so I had no choice.

He could heal his own throat, but he didn't want to do anything conspicuous, so Rowen cleared his throat and coughed a few times.

Ludwig stares at Rowen, wondering if he has to do this all the time.

Turn on the stretch so that she stretches.

"Mmmm! Hmmm......! Gee, that's a weird sound........ Anyway, I'm glad nothing happened today."

"Yes....... Thank you for your service, Priest."

"By the way......."

Rowen looks at Ludwig with a slightly sheepish look in his eyes, as if he can't help but be tired.

"What were you thinking?"

Whether he was praying or watching Ludwig's complicated expression, Rowen asked curiously.

Nothing much happened, no threats.

So being by Rowen's side for such a long time made Ludwig very tired.

I saw the greatness of God.

And I saw God's inscrutability.

It evokes a certain fear, despair, and hope all at once.

Because that's what God is.

"If the gods are so gracious....... why did they choose the devil?"

It is the Great God who bestows such a great miracle without payment.

But why did Als and Tuan, not just one, but both, choose the demon that brought so much disaster and despair to the world?

Ludwig could not understand it, no matter how much he thought about it.

The gods seem to be gracious, but in the larger scheme of things, they seem to want disaster even more.

Like so many others. Ludwig was both grateful and desperate for the gods' unearned power.

At Ludwig's words, Rowen stares at him.

"Ludwig, the gods are not on our radar."

"......."

"They see things we can't see, and they know things we don't know."

A number of logics have been created to affirm Alsatuan's choice of demigods in the five major pantheons.

The gods were not wrong.

The classic logic is that the gods are aligned so that what is happening now will eventually have a good ending.

Even the evil actions of the devil will eventually bring about good.

Just because a holy object is given to a demon doesn't mean that the demon is right.

The logic is that the demon's arrogance in holding the holy object is also part of the gods' plan, and will eventually lead to his destruction.

The five major schools of thought created a lot of logic to say that God is right and the devil is wrong, but that's the bottom line.

Everything is calculated, and the devil is just being used by the gods.

The Devil will eventually pay for his arrogance and cruelty, and will suffer eternal torment in the afterlife before the judgment seat of the gods.

That there will be an ending that benefits humanity in the end.

No one knows what it is, but it's an irresponsible story, perhaps, that the gods are so great they must have thoughts.

"Are you saying that all of this is the plan of the gods, that it will be good for humanity in the end....... Are you saying that through things like this?"

What good would come of all this horrific despair and death? Ludwig could see no such thing.

At Ludwig's exasperation, Rowen shakes his head.

"Well?"

"......Yes?"

"I'm not sure."

Ludwig was taken aback by this somewhat innocent demeanor.

"I don't dare to gauge the will of the gods, but isn't it possible?"

Rowen's words were similar to Ludwig's.

"Mr. Ludwig."

Rowen says.

"Isn't believing that the gods necessarily seek the good, rather, an act of daring to redefine their will?"

"Is that ......?"

"Is there any reason why the gods shouldn't wish for the extinction of the human race?"

"Moo, what do you mean......."

"The world and humanity are a byproduct of the gods."

With the smile of an innocent priest.

"It's up to the gods to lend their power to the byproducts without payment, or to take them away."

"Yes......? What are you talking about......."

"The gods may be wishing for the destruction of the human race."

"!"

"To believe that the gods always seek the good. No, it's blasphemy to believe that the gods always make choices for humanity."

Ludwig realizes the obvious.

In this situation.

In this environment.

In this reality.

"Didn't the gods ever say that the good they seek is the same as the good of man?"

A priest still in the service of Tuan and the Als cannot be sane.





