Episode 579.





After leaving the refugee camp, Rowen made his way to the Temple of Tuan in the outer reaches of the ecliptic.

"Is that where you live?"

"I tend to rest at the temple closest to where I need to be the next day, so I don't really have a favorite place."

As vast as the refugee zone is, so is the ecliptic, so she has been wandering the ecliptic with no fixed abode, resting wherever the Five Great Houses are.

"I need you here tomorrow at nine o'clock at the latest, and if you're late, I'm going to dump you, okay?"

Ludwig scratched the back of his head in confusion at Rowen's playful comment.

"Yes, I'll be sure to come."

Helping Rowen is a stopgap measure, but a necessary one.

Just being able to help with that seemed to take some of the pressure and gravity off Ludwig.

If I had been smart, if I had been wise, I would have known what the right thing to do was.

When Ludwig was faced with a difficult task, he was confronted with his own limitations.

So for the lost Ludwig, Lowen was, in a sense, salvation.

Temple of Tuan.

The temple was in a state of decay.

The area was deserted, and the gatekeepers looked tired, as if they were afraid of spreading uncleanliness.

Not only that, but the stone walls of the temple had been defaced with graffiti that was barely legible.

The decrepit state of the temple and the graffiti spoke of the people's anger and hatred of the Tuan faith.

The temples of Tuan and Als looked like this everywhere.

It's avoided, has few devotees, and people secretly vandalize it.

"Shabby, right?"

"What? Ah......."

"Sometimes they want to start a fire."

Arson attempts beyond graffiti and defacement.

Ludwig could only stare in disbelief.

"Is that as good as......?"

"Right."

There was a deep sadness in Rowen's expression as he said that, though he said it nonchalantly.

People treat the Temple of Tuan as if it were a temple to a demon.

Ludwig approaches the entrance to the temple.

Then the faces of the gatekeepers changed.

Like you're nervous about something.

Obviously, he wasn't nervous to see himself.

The priests' eyes turn to Ludwig's right.

"Great, Archbishop, you've done a great job today!"

"Yeah, you guys had a hard time too."

Archbishop.

Ludwig froze at the words.

"See you tomorrow, Ludwig."

"What? Ah....... Yes, yes!"

Rowen looked at Ludwig and bowed his head slightly, then went inside.

Come to think of it, he said priest, but Rowen didn't say what rank he held.

Ludwig didn't ask, either, so Rowen wasn't deliberately deceiving, just not telling him what he didn't need to know.

I was just assuming it was a layman.

But.

He realizes that a priest with the divine power to cleanse a vast refugee camp of plague with a simple prayer is no ordinary priest.

If an archbishop wanders into a refugee camp alone, unescorted by paladins, does that mean he's a great man?

Or does it mean that the Order of Tuan has declined as it should.

When Ludwig realized that the priest he'd been walking with all day was an archbishop of the Tuan Order, a group he'd never normally encounter, he froze for a moment.

He even went so far as to ask, in front of the archbishop, why the gods had chosen the devil.

We don't know if Rowen was being merciful because of the circumstances, but under normal circumstances, he would have committed a blasphemy that would have been unspeakable if he had been hauled before the Inquisitor.

Rowen was an archbishop, not a lay priest.

He was an incredibly high ranking priest.

But Ludwig is a fool.

'If you're an archbishop....... How high is he?

I was surprised to learn that Rowen was a high ranking officer, but I had no idea where it was.



* * *



I knew what the Temple School of Magic was doing, and I'd seen it in action.

It wasn't just bringing a dead mage back to life as a Reach, it was doing more than that. It's a half-hearted resurrection that restores his abilities but not his memories or his self.

It was nothing like Lich or Deathknight.

I relayed my findings to Sarkegar.

We didn't see any connection to the Black Order right away, and even if we did, we decided to take the risk and take no action on this one.

If the end of the gate crisis is the only good in the world, then anything that makes it happen a little faster is a better good.

Therefore, I will turn a blind eye to what the Empire is doing.

It was a bit of a gamble to meet Bertus in person, but it paid off.

There's no telling where this and my conversation with Bertus will lead, but it was the best I could come up with at the time.

I didn't go back to Edina right away.

Honestly.

Right now, Ellen would be crying and scouring the temple if I were gone.

If he leaves me here and doesn't return to the Allied lines, I'm stuck here.

You don't want to create a missing cat incident that will affect Ellen's mental state.

If you're in a hurry, you can also leave Sarkegar behind, alas.

In any case, we're stuck in the temple for the time being.

Late in the evening, the banquet hall is filled with people who have returned late from running errands. The evening was well and truly over, but the banquet hall had preserves for the late arrivals, so they could at least get something to eat, if not a full meal.

Ellen and Heinrich on ecliptic patrol again today.

Neither of them seem to have done anything out of the ordinary today. I don't know about anything else, but the monster problem seems to be under control.

The last thing you need is a monster problem. The marauders outside the ecliptic aren't just guards or knights, they're resurrected war heroes.

The exact task is not to kill the monsters in the first place, but to make sure they are controlled well enough to be put into action.

There's nothing for Ellen and Heinrich to do, because they're shooting missiles, not cattle prods.

Plus Ludwig, who'd just gotten back from a late night of guard duty.

There was no reason to sit separately, so the three of us sat around the table eating a late dinner.

Ellen eats dry bread and water.

Heinrich is jerky.

In front of Ludwig was a piece of hard bread.

They knew it was a luxury, so they were inclined to share it.

Since it was late, there were only a few people in the ballroom.

I was sitting at the kitchen table in my cat form, listening to them talk. Ellen held out a piece of dried jerky, but I didn't take a bite.

I'm not really hungry.

You hate wasting food, and so do I.

Ellen tapped the bridge of my nose a few times as I turned away from the jerky, then popped it into her own mouth as if to say, "I'm not going to force feed you.

"Archbishop?"

"Uh, how high is an archbishop?"

As soon as Ludwig returned, he sat down next to Heinrich over some hard bread and a glass of water and asked.

What does the Archbishop have to do with the Guard?

Heinrich bites into a jerky and grunts at Ludwig's question.

"Well....... that should be the case."

"What do you mean, often?"

"Because we don't know if the archbishop is an archbishop in rank or an archbishop as head of an archdiocese."

"...... Archbishop? What's that?"

Heinrich stares at Ludwig as he asks the question.

Is Ludwig's brain going to overload, or is your brain going to overload as I explain?

If you think about it, Heinrich, this guy's head isn't in the right place, but he's not as stupid as Ludwig.

Heinrich opens his mouth, looking thoughtful.

"I don't know all the details, but from what I understand, the archbishop is the priest in charge of the archdiocese, but not all archbishops are in charge of the archdiocese. There are archdeacons who are in charge of archdioceses, and then there are priests who are archdeacons because they have completely different roles, so even within the archdiocese, technically, they do different things, and there are different hierarchies."

"......."

At that, Ludwig is silent and looks at Heinrich.

"Uh, I'm sorry, ....... What the hell is an archdiocese?"

"Ah."

It's not a matter of understanding.

It's not that I don't understand it, it's that I don't know it.

Heinrich stiffened, his mouth slightly open as if he didn't know where to begin.

"Think easy."

Eventually, our Ellen stepped in.

"If you're a bishop, you're in charge of three or four temples, and if you're an archbishop, you're in charge of dozens of temples. Not all of them, but that's a good way to think about it."

"Oh....... lord or something?"

"Yes. I think of bishops as lords and archbishops as great lords, and there are actually some things that priests do that are like lords, like episcopal orders and archbishop orders, though that's kind of obsolete now."

It's not like a lord, but an episcopal or archbishopric is actually a lord.

A bishop is a lord, and an archbishop is a high lord, was Ellen's heavily abbreviated but fairly acceptable explanation to Ludwig.

"So you're a very high priest, then?"

"Yeah, the only priests above that are cardinals and the Pope."

"But what's this about there being a hierarchy even among archbishops?"

Heinrich talks nonsense, which makes Ludwig wonder.

Ellen remained silent, popped the bun into her mouth, and mulled it over for a while, then took a sip of water and said, "I'm sorry.

"An archbishop who oversees all the temples of the ecliptic."

"Serandia, the last city we captured, was also a large city, so there must have been an archbishop in charge of all the temples in Serandia."

"Archbishop of the Ecliptic, Archbishop of Serandia."

"They are both archbishops, but who is more senior?"

At Ellen's question, Ludwig nodded with an ah-ha moment.

"You must be the Archbishop of the Zodiac?"

"Something like that."

Ellen nodded, seeing that she had gotten it pretty much right.

"But is there an archbishop who controls the entire zodiac?"

"...... I don't know because I'm not a member of the Crusader Knights or the Five Great Houses. But Huangdao is the city with the most temples on the entire continent, so I'm sure it's a bit more subdivided, with archdioceses, and maybe even a different rank of Archbishop in the first place......."

Ellen is about to explain something when she looks at Ludwig.

"I don't know."

Ellen said nothing and bit into her bread.

Yes.

Don't explain.

He doesn't understand anyway.

An archbishop is a high rank, but it's important to understand that there are ranks within archbishops.

But our Ludwig had a more curious look on his face.

"So cardinals and popes are higher ranking than archbishops anyway?"

"Yes."

"And what rank is a crusader knight?"

a.

Yeah, you might be wondering about that.

"Cardinals and above, popes and below."

Ellen's answer was short.

"The position of the Crusader Master is ambiguous, as the position never existed in the first place. He is actually below the Pope, but above the Pope in power, so he's actually on par with the Pope."

"I see......."

"But why is the archbishop suddenly?"

Heinrich asked, and I was thinking about it.

Why does he want to know this?

Ludwig explained what had happened today.

A plague-ridden area, and being tasked with escorting a priest.

And then there's the fact that when it was all over, I realized that the priest I thought was a layman was actually an archbishop.

"The Archbishop himself is doing it, and he's not even escorted by paladins?"

"This must be pretty serious."

Neither Heinrich nor Ellen seemed shocked to hear that the archbishop was on his feet.

If there are any clerics left, we'll have to cut them up and scatter them throughout the refugee camps. Escorting is better done with the help of the Guard.

"I think I'll be escorting him back to work tomorrow."

"That's great."

He's been looking pretty confused lately, but I can tell by the look on his face that today's work was pretty rewarding.

It's not dangerous, and it's something people need.

And, as much as it pains me to say it, it's a never-ending job.

The pandemic will keep popping up here and there, so the job will literally never end until the hunger problem on the ecliptic is gone.

It's a vicious cycle that never ends.

While nothing happened today, there's no guarantee that nothing will happen in the future.

"Well, when you think about it, maybe that's not such a strange thing."

Heinrich said.

"Isn't that weird?"

"An archbishop-level priest moving alone."

"Oh....... I heard that's because priests are needed for a lot of things."

"No, I'm saying there might be a lot of archbishop-level priests, so he might be traveling alone."

"Huh?"

"Most of the places you could call archdioceses have been destroyed, which is why there are so many archbishops in the Alliance garrisons, the Crusaders, and the ecliptic."

"Maybe."

Can a lord be called a lord if he has lost his lands?

If so, an archbishop who lost his archdiocese to administer could still be called an archbishop.

So, Heinrich said, with the archbishopric clustered around the ecliptic, it might not be strange for a priest of that caliber to be traveling alone, and I thought that sounded pretty plausible.

No place in the world was safe, so high priests flocked to the ecliptic.

As a result, there are now more archbishop-level priests than you would normally see.

Most of them are probably in the Allied forces by now, and those who aren't may be wandering the streets trying to clean up the plague like this.

Rather, the power of the high priests is concentrated.

But it's still a laughable situation of understaffing.

In fact, that's a given.

There are more survivors concentrated in the ecliptic than there are priests.

Still, he's an archbishop.......

-Angel

"Why?"

This is something.

It's cheap.





