Episode 579.





After leaving the refugee camp, Rowen made his way to the Temple of Tuan in the outer reaches of the ecliptic.

"Is that where you live?"

"I tend to rest at the temple closest to where I need to be the next day, so I don't really have a favorite place."

As vast as the refugee zone is, so is the ecliptic, so she has been wandering the ecliptic with no fixed abode, resting wherever the Five Great Houses are.

"I need you here tomorrow at nine o'clock at the latest, and if you're late, I'm going to dump you, okay?"

Ludwig scratched the back of his head in confusion at Rowen's playful comment.

"Yes, I'll be sure to come."

Helping Rowen is a stopgap measure, but a necessary one.

Just being able to help with that seemed to take some of the pressure and gravity off Ludwig.

If I had been smart, if I had been wise, I would have known what the right thing to do was.

When Ludwig was faced with a difficult task, he was confronted with his own limitations.

So for the lost Ludwig, Lowen was, in a sense, salvation.

Temple of Tuan.

The temple was in a state of decay.

The area was deserted, and the gatekeepers looked tired, as if they were afraid of spreading uncleanliness.

Not only that, but the stone walls of the temple had been defaced with graffiti that was barely legible.

The decrepit state of the temple and the graffiti spoke of the people's anger and hatred of the Tuan faith.

The temples of Tuan and Als looked like this everywhere.

It's avoided, has few devotees, and people secretly vandalize it.

"Shabby, right?"

"What? Ah......."

"Sometimes they want to start a fire."

Arson attempts beyond graffiti and defacement.

Ludwig could only stare in disbelief.

"Is that as good as......?"

"Right."

There was a deep sadness in Rowen's expression as he said that, though he said it nonchalantly.

People treat the Temple of Tuan as if it were a temple to a demon.

Ludwig approaches the entrance to the temple.

Then the faces of the gatekeepers changed.

Like you're nervous about something.

Obviously, he wasn't nervous to see himself.

The priests' eyes turn to Ludwig's right.

"Great, Archbishop, you've done a great job today!"

"Yeah, you guys had a hard time too."

Archbishop.

Ludwig froze at the words.

"See you tomorrow, Ludwig."

"What? Ah....... Yes, yes!"

Rowen looked at Ludwig and bowed his head slightly, then went inside.

Come to think of it, he said priest, but Rowen didn't say what rank he held.

Ludwig didn't ask, either, so Rowen wasn't deliberately deceiving, just not telling him what he didn't need to know.

I was just assuming it was a layman.

But.

He realizes that a priest with the divine power to cleanse a vast refugee camp of plague with a simple prayer is no ordinary priest.

If an archbishop wanders into a refugee camp alone, unescorted by paladins, does that mean he's a great man?

Or does it mean that the Order of Tuan has declined as it should.

When Ludwig realized that the priest he'd been walking with all day was an archbishop of the Tuan Order, a group he'd never normally encounter, he froze for a moment.

He even went so far as to ask, in front of the archbishop, why the gods had chosen the devil.

We don't know if Rowen was being merciful because of the circumstances, but under normal circumstances, he would have committed a blasphemy that would have been unspeakable if he had been hauled before the Inquisitor.

Rowen was an archbishop, not a lay priest.

He was an incredibly high ranking priest.

But Ludwig is a fool.

'If you're an archbishop....... How high is he?

I was surprised to learn that Rowen was a high ranking officer, but I had no idea where it was.



* * *



I knew what the Temple School of Magic was doing, and I'd seen it in action.

It wasn't just bringing a dead mage back to life as a Reach, it was doing more than that. It's a half-hearted resurrection that restores his abilities but not his memories or his self.

It was nothing like Lich or Deathknight.

I relayed my findings to Sarkegar.

We didn't see any connection to the Black Order right away, and even if we did, we decided to take the risk and take no action on this one.

If the end of the gate crisis is the only good in the world, then anything that makes it happen a little faster is a better good.

Therefore, I will turn a blind eye to what the Empire is doing.

It was a bit of a gamble to meet Bertus in person, but it paid off.

There's no telling where this and my conversation with Bertus will lead, but it was the best I could come up with at the time.

I didn't go back to Edina right away.

Honestly.

Right now, Ellen would be crying and scouring the temple if I were gone.

If he leaves me here and doesn't return to the Allied lines, I'm stuck here.

You don't want to create a missing cat incident that will affect Ellen's mental state.

If you're in a hurry, you can also leave Sarkegar behind, alas.

In any case, we're stuck in the temple for the time being.

Late in the evening, the banquet hall is filled with people who have returned late from running errands. The evening was well and truly over, but the banquet hall had preserves for the late arrivals, so they could at least get something to eat, if not a full meal.

Ellen and Heinrich on ecliptic patrol again today.

Neither of them seem to have done anything out of the ordinary today. I don't know about anything else, but the monster problem seems to be under control.

The last thing you need is a monster problem. The marauders outside the ecliptic aren't just guards or knights, they're resurrected war heroes.

The exact task is not to kill the monsters in the first place, but to make sure they are controlled well enough to be put into action.

There's nothing for Ellen and Heinrich to do, because they're shooting missiles, not cattle prods.

Plus Ludwig, who'd just gotten back from a late night of guard duty.

There was no reason to sit separately, so the three of us sat around the table eating a late dinner.

Ellen eats dry bread and water.

Heinrich is jerky.

In front of Ludwig was a piece of hard bread.

They knew it was a luxury, so they were inclined to share it.

Since it was late, there were only a few people in the ballroom.

I was sitting at the kitchen table in my cat form, listening to them talk. Ellen held out a piece of dried jerky, but I didn't take a bite.

I'm not really hungry.

You hate wasting food, and so do I.

Ellen tapped the bridge of my nose a few times as I turned away from the jerky, then popped it into her own mouth as if to say, "I'm not going to force feed you.

"Archbishop?"

"Uh, how high is an archbishop?"

As soon as Ludwig returned, he sat down next to Heinrich over some hard bread and a glass of water and asked.

What does the Archbishop have to do with the Guard?

Heinrich bites into a jerky and grunts at Ludwig's question.

"Well....... that should be the case."

"What do you mean, often?"

"Because we don't know if the archbishop is an archbishop in rank or an archbishop as head of an archdiocese."

"...... Archbishop? What's that?"

Heinrich stares at Ludwig as he asks the question.

Is Ludwig's brain going to overload, or is your brain going to overload as I explain?

If you think about it, Heinrich, this guy's head isn't in the right place, but he's not as stupid as Ludwig.

Heinrich opens his mouth, looking thoughtful.

"I don't know all the details, but from what I understand, the archbishop is the priest in charge of the archdiocese, but not all archbishops are in charge of the archdiocese. There are archdeacons who are in charge of archdioceses, and then there are priests who are archdeacons because they have completely different roles, so even within the archdiocese, technically, they do different things, and there are different hierarchies."

"......."

At that, Ludwig is silent and looks at Heinrich.

"Uh, I'm sorry, ....... What the hell is an archdiocese?"

"Ah."

It's not a matter of understanding.

It's not that I don't understand it, it's that I don't know it.

Heinrich stiffened, his mouth slightly open as if he didn't know where to begin.

"Think easy."

Eventually, our Ellen stepped in.

"If you're a bishop, you're in charge of three or four temples, and if you're an archbishop, you're in charge of dozens of temples. Not all of them, but that's a good way to think about it."

"Oh....... lord or something?"

"Yes. I think of bishops as lords and archbishops as great lords, and there are actually some things that priests do that are like lords, like episcopal orders and archbishop orders, though that's kind of obsolete now."

It's not like a lord, but an episcopal or archbishopric is actually a lord.

A bishop is a lord, and an archbishop is a high lord, was Ellen's heavily abbreviated but fairly acceptable explanation to Ludwig.

"So you're a very high priest, then?"

"Yeah, the only priests above that are cardinals and the Pope."

"But what's this about there being a hierarchy even among archbishops?"

Heinrich talks nonsense, which makes Ludwig wonder.

Ellen remained silent, popped the bun into her mouth, and mulled it over for a while, then took a sip of water and said, "I'm sorry.

"An archbishop who oversees all the temples of the ecliptic."

"Serandia, the last city we captured, was also a large city, so there must have been an archbishop in charge of all the temples in Serandia."

"Archbishop of the Ecliptic, Archbishop of Serandia."

"They are both archbishops, but who is more senior?"

At Ellen's question, Ludwig nodded with an ah-ha moment.

"You must be the Archbishop of the Zodiac?"

"Something like that."

Ellen nodded, seeing that she had gotten it pretty much right.

"But is there an archbishop who controls the entire zodiac?"

"...... I don't know because I'm not a member of the Crusader Knights or the Five Great Houses. But Huangdao is the city with the most temples on the entire continent, so I'm sure it's a bit more subdivided, with archdioceses, and maybe even a different rank of Archbishop in the first place......."

Ellen is about to explain something when she looks at Ludwig.

"I don't know."

Ellen said nothing and bit into her bread.

Yes.

Don't explain.

He doesn't understand anyway.

An archbishop is a high rank, but it's important to understand that there are ranks within archbishops.

But our Ludwig had a more curious look on his face.

"So cardinals and popes are higher ranking than archbishops anyway?"

"Yes."

"And what rank is a crusader knight?"

a.

Yeah, you might be wondering about that.

"Cardinals and above, popes and below."

Ellen's answer was short.

"The position of the Crusader Master is ambiguous, as the position never existed in the first place. He is actually below the Pope, but above the Pope in power, so he's actually on par with the Pope."

"I see......."

"But why is the archbishop suddenly?"

Heinrich asked, and I was thinking about it.

Why does he want to know this?

Ludwig explained what had happened today.

A plague-ridden area, and being tasked with escorting a priest.

And then there's the fact that when it was all over, I realized that the priest I thought was a layman was actually an archbishop.

"The Archbishop himself is doing it, and he's not even escorted by paladins?"

"This must be pretty serious."

Neither Heinrich nor Ellen seemed shocked to hear that the archbishop was on his feet.

If there are any clerics left, we'll have to cut them up and scatter them throughout the refugee camps. Escorting is better done with the help of the Guard.

"I think I'll be escorting him back to work tomorrow."

"That's great."

He's been looking pretty confused lately, but I can tell by the look on his face that today's work was pretty rewarding.

It's not dangerous, and it's something people need.

And, as much as it pains me to say it, it's a never-ending job.

The pandemic will keep popping up here and there, so the job will literally never end until the hunger problem on the ecliptic is gone.

It's a vicious cycle that never ends.

While nothing happened today, there's no guarantee that nothing will happen in the future.

"Well, when you think about it, maybe that's not such a strange thing."

Heinrich said.

"Isn't that weird?"

"An archbishop-level priest moving alone."

"Oh....... I heard that's because priests are needed for a lot of things."

"No, I'm saying there might be a lot of archbishop-level priests, so he might be traveling alone."

"Huh?"

"Most of the places you could call archdioceses have been destroyed, which is why there are so many archbishops in the Alliance garrisons, the Crusaders, and the ecliptic."

"Maybe."

Can a lord be called a lord if he has lost his lands?

If so, an archbishop who lost his archdiocese to administer could still be called an archbishop.

So, Heinrich said, with the archbishopric clustered around the ecliptic, it might not be strange for a priest of that caliber to be traveling alone, and I thought that sounded pretty plausible.

No place in the world was safe, so high priests flocked to the ecliptic.

As a result, there are now more archbishop-level priests than you would normally see.

Most of them are probably in the Allied forces by now, and those who aren't may be wandering the streets trying to clean up the plague like this.

Rather, the power of the high priests is concentrated.

But it's still a laughable situation of understaffing.

In fact, that's a given.

There are more survivors concentrated in the ecliptic than there are priests.

Still, he's an archbishop.......

-Angel

"Why?"

This is something.

It's cheap.





580 episodes





Ludwig reported to the Captain of the 17th Guards and was assigned to escort Lowen.

After confirming that the progress of the epidemic in Zone 17 had completely stopped, we headed to Zone 15.

As Rowen says, extreme situations don't happen that often.

Twice at most.

The disturbance was not caused by the discovery of the priest's identity, but by the encounter with the robbers, and Ludwig's escape with Rowen in his arms.

Once he ran away, once he was blocked on all sides, and once Ludwig beat him with only his left arm, and Bomu walked away.

The robbers made the mistake of assuming Ludwig was a one-armed man.

Thus, it had been four days since Ludwig had taken over Lowen's guard.



* * *



A four-day escort mission.

Nothing much had happened in the meantime, and since they were traveling back and forth and had to be together all day, they couldn't help but talk about things.

Rowen had a frail appearance, but he was quite a bright guy.

He also wasn't one to talk about his high status.

We acted as if there was little formality.

Ludwig, who was quite ignorant of formalities, could not help but be grateful to Lowen.

So they talked a lot during that time.

"It was in a place called Cielan in the Kingdom of Lucepena, which you probably don't know, but I was a bishop there, not an archbishop."

This was Lowen's answer to Ludwig's question about where he had been an archbishop.

"So....... Gate debacle, you became an archbishop?"

"There's a shortage of people, there's a lot of deaths, and when there's a vacancy, someone has to fill it, so I took on a position that was overflowing."

The vacancy must be filled by someone, which is why Lowen said he was appointed archbishop despite his inability to do so.

"Was it correct to say that the archbishop....... as an archbishop?"

"No, just call me plain, and I'd rather you call me by my first name than call me priest."

Rowen looks at Ludwig and frowns.

"You're walking around in a place where you have to be careful in a lot of ways, right?"

Only then did Ludwig realize that calling him priest for a few days was a pretty risky move.

"That....... I see, I'm sorry."

"No, nothing much has happened so far."

Rowen points to a refugee camp just beyond the ecliptic boundary.

"Let's go, I have a lot of work to do today."

"Yes, Priest....... No, Mr. Rowen."

"You can count me out, Ludwig, because I'm counting you out."

Rowen smiles grimly and walks ahead of Ludwig.

Rowen was a bishop in a city that had already vanished, in a country that had already vanished.

After the gate incident, she somehow managed to survive and make it to the ecliptic.

And in a situation where someone had to fill the void, Rowen filled it.

He wasn't always an archbishop, he was appointed one after Gate.

"Are you being made an archbishop by doing this?

Ludwig shook his head and followed Rowen's lead.

It is the fourth day since Ludwig accompanied Archbishop Lowen.

There were still many streets in the Huangdao refugee camp that needed to be cleaned up, and more were popping up.

And little by little.

Snow was falling from the sky.



* * *



My freshman year at Temple.

Sometime during the second semester group mission.

The day I was immediately eliminated from the group mission and stood by.

When you're in an open-air bath with only one wall between you and Ellen, who was equally eliminated on the first night.

Ellen asked.

Do you like snow.

To be honest, I didn't think about snow. Or, more accurately, I didn't have time to think about it.

But I dared to step into the snowy open-air bath.

Because there's no reason to.

So, at that point, I replied that I think I like snow.

Yes.

I don't have an appreciation for snow, but as it turns out, I think I like it.

I'm alone in Ellen's room, in the Class A dorm, without Ellen and Heinrich.

Perched on the window sill, I stare out the snowy window.

There are many types of snow.

There's sleet, there's sleet, there's sleet, there's sleet, and there's a blizzard that Riana can summon.

Clearly, I liked the snow.

I loved the snow that fell with Ellen, and Harriet and Ellen. I also have fond memories of building a snowman with them.

If it's snow, hammock snow.

I loved the snow that fell until it covered the world.

I look from inside the window at the snow falling outside the window.

It is painful just to imagine the lives that the falling snow will swallow.

The snow falling now is flurries.

I didn't like that kind of snow because it didn't feel like snow, it felt lonely, like it was just a type of wind.

Because snow that doesn't pile up isn't snow.

That's what I thought.

But I'm glad it's just a light dusting of snow.

If it was piling up, if it was pouring, there would be just as many people suffering as if it was falling.

May this snow not pile up.

May it snow, and may it not be a blizzard.

I stare blankly out the window at the snowy sky.

Let's call Riana.

and ask him to stop the eye of the zodiac.

Not to kill monsters, but to save people.

But the harder you work, the sicker he gets, and if you ask him to keep you warm through the winter of the ecliptic, he'll do just that.

Now that we've melted the snow, we should also make sure that people don't suffer from the cold.

It will be at least three months from now before winter is fully over.

If she had to exert herself for three whole months, she'd be crazy by the time winter came around.

Riana's power is for war. It must be conserved.

It's a war to save someone's life, but you have to turn a blind eye to someone dying for it.

It's snowing.

The snowflakes were getting thicker and thicker.

Now, I hate snow.



* * *



The snow soon turned into hammock snow and began to fall across the ecliptic.

The good news is that it wasn't accompanied by a strong winter wind.

"It's snowing quite a bit."

"That's a big deal."

Ludwig and Rowen sighed as they realized that the plague progress in Sector 38, which they had just cleared yesterday, was completely over.

It was snowing hard, and both Rowen and Ludwig were covered in white on the shoulders and hoods of their robes.

On the streets, most people huddled in the cold snow.

Rowen's complexion worsened as he looked at the shack, which didn't even provide adequate protection from the wind.

"I don't know if it's moderate or not......."

"There are a lot of people who can't stand the cold, right?"

At Ludwig's concerned question, Rowen shook his head as if that wasn't the problem.

"When it snows a lot, it's not the cold, it's the shacks that collapse, and that happened a lot last winter."

More people were crushed to death by collapsed shacks, and Lowen said the danger was not the cold caused by the snow, but the snow itself.

The harshness of nature.

Ludwig resented the gradual accumulation of snow, but he didn't know where to direct that resentment.

They walk toward their next destination.

Most of the refugees were looking up at the sky in frustration, while some of the children were simply running in the snow.

You like it because you don't know what you're looking at, Ludwig thinks as he watches.

"Before the world was like this, did you like snow?"

It was an unnecessary question now, when the snow looked like the mark of death. Ludwig stared blankly at the hammering snow falling from the sky.

"......I don't know."

I don't even remember if I liked or disliked the snow.

After Gate, it seemed like everything that came before it had been erased.

I didn't even remember it anymore, like it had become something that was pointless to have or not have.

It was as if the misery and despair was so great that it had consumed him. It was overwhelming just to think about what could be done.

Ludwig suddenly wondered if Rowen was still capable of thinking about such things.

"I, uh, liked it."

Rowen looks up at the sky and remains still.

"Lucepena, the kingdom I was in, was in the north of the continent, and half the year was winter, so it was very easy to see snow."

In a place where half the year is winter, it was hard for Ludwig to fathom what such a place would be like.

"Doesn't that make you hate snow......?"

When you see snow so often that you're sick of it, you're supposed to hate it, because it's actually a sign of cold, just like people are afraid of snow now.

"Well, just because it's common doesn't mean you shouldn't like it, right?"

"......I see."

"Lucepena was a winter country, and Cielan was high up in the mountains, so it was cold, there was a lot of snow, and I was born there."

Rowen's eyes turned to look very far away, as if he were contemplating his now-defunct home.

"I've had snowball fights with my friends, built snowmen, touched the snow until my hands froze to death, gotten frostbite, been scolded by priests, and lost count of the number of times I've been healed."

Recalling his childhood, Rowen smiled wistfully.

I touched my eyes until I got frostbite.

"Even after I was ordained a priest, there were quite a few times when I got into a snowball fight with monastery children and got scolded for my lack of stamina, and when I made a statue of a goddess out of snow, I was scolded by the bishop who told me not to make such things."

Rowen looked quite amused as he spoke.

"Not that I've really had to since I was elevated to bishop, but... well....... Yeah, Lucepena was a cold country, but it didn't matter, and Cielan was a particularly cold city, but it didn't matter, because the Empire was huge, and there were a lot of tourists coming to Cielan, the Land of Snow, thanks to the Warp Gate, and it was pretty scenic."

"That was the case until just three years ago."

"Even if it's freezing cold, even if it's snowing hard, even if you live in the most inhospitable place."

"Humans could live anywhere."

"I didn't know it then, but I think three years ago was the last golden age of humanity."

"That day may never come, maybe never come again."

When all you had to do was look for beauty in the eye.

It was only three years ago that humanity could live anywhere, when supply chains called warp gates connected every continent.

But now that everything has been destroyed, the past has become a lie.

"Now mankind must be afraid at the slightest chill, and the slightest snowfall from the sky keeps many sleepless at night."

A smaller humanity is threatened by the smallest things.

I never had to worry about heavy snowfall in my big, sturdy house, but now I live in a shack that collapses at the slightest hint of snow.

The shack doesn't even have a fireplace, and the winter winds aren't much better.

The golden age is over, and humanity has much to fear.

"Ludwig."

Rowen looks at Ludwig.

"Don't you like snow?"

At that, Ludwig gives a small, nervous nod.

"Yeah....... I think so."

At that, Rowen smiled sadly.

"Now I do."

They walk down the street.

Snow was slowly accumulating on the roofs of the shacks in the refugee camp on a cozy snowy day.



* * *



Lowen and Ludwig headed to the next sector, sector 42.

The snow had begun to accumulate, and I could hear it crunching underfoot.

After reporting to the guards in Sector 42, they headed to the plague outbreak area of the sector.

As he had done all along, Rowen walked the streets praying.

It wasn't often that Ludwig had to step up to the plate, so much so that he wondered if Rowen even needed him.

Of course, every time Ludwig said that, Rowen said that Ludwig was doing a good enough job of making him feel safe.

In the refugee camps, he has to watch out for robberies rather than attacks motivated by hatred of priests. For one thing, people don't even know Rowen is a priest.

Ludwig looked around, just in case, but saw nothing unusual. It was snowing and people were holed up in their shacks.

About three hours later, the snow was up to my ankles.

-pull!

There was a commotion in one corner of the refugee camp.

Both Rowen, who was praying, and Ludwig, who was assessing the situation, could not help but glance in that direction.

-Aigo! Aigo, help us! We are....... We're just.......

When Ludwig saw the people being dragged out of the shacks and the unknown jewelry around their necks and arms, he knew what it was.

Not unlike what we saw last time, wooden idols are dragged out into the street and trampled underfoot by guards.

-I've warned you before, if you bring this idol in here again, I'll burn it.

The five guards stare at the men, who, for the umpteenth time, are dumped on the ground.

Ludwig could only stare at Rowen in disbelief.

Rowen approaches the scene with a determined look on his face. Toward the guards, who look like they're about to spear the heretics to death.

"Wait, who is it?"

The guards pointed their spears at Rowen and Ludwig, as if to say don't come any closer.

"This is Rowen, the priest sent to do the cleanup, and he's my bodyguard, and he's been cleared by the 42nd Guard."

"Oh, you must be a priest, excuse me."

The guards lowered their weapons and nodded in acknowledgment as Rowen drew the holy symbol from his holster.

"May I ask what's going on?"

"Oh, that....... that......."

Rowen's tone was neither aggressive nor threatening.

But the guard sensed an unspoken pressure in Rowen's calm smile.

It was the same for Ludwig.

As if she were wearing a mask, Rowen's smile now was far too kind and gentle for this situation.

"Are they pagans?"

"Yeah....... Yeah, but they're probably the ones who don't know what they're praying for......."

Perhaps not as harsh as Ludwig's gunner, Sonntein, who had just been berating the infidels, the guard in charge seemed to defend those who had been dragged away when the priest appeared.

Rowen looks at the people lying face down in the snowy streets.

She stays still, staring at the shack they've been dragged out of.

"Do you mind if I come in?"

"Yes? Yes! Uh, feel free to......."

"Mr. Ludwig."

Rowen gestured to Ludwig, who was frozen in time.

As in follow me.

"You're welcome to join us."

Rowen said as he turned to the prone men.

Despite being technically the responsibility of the guards.

Rowen said, as if commanding.



* * *



A shack in an epidemic zone.

There were five of them praying.

There was an adult man, two elderly people, and two women.

Inside the shack, where he could barely stand upright, Rowen looked around, including at the behemoth inside the shack.

As if looking for something.

"Hmmm......."

In the eerie silence, Rowen was lost in thought, not talking to anyone, looking at something, scratching his head, staring at some giant, thinking for a long time.

After some time, Rowen picked up a small wooden idol lying in the center of the shack.

It was a piece of wood that looked like it had been molded into a human form.

"What were you praying about?"

Rowen, holding the idol, looked at them, trembling, and asked, "What is it?

No matter how much the priests are hated, they are only as powerful as their civilian numbers.

When the power of the authorities prevails, their hate or hatred has no power yet.

The old man shudders at Rowen's gentle question.

"That, that....... I hope the pandemic is over and everything works out for you......."

"Against this wooden doll?"

"......."

"What is this wooden doll?"

Rowen asks the old man.

"I'm asking you, is this your god? How is this wooden doll going to solve the plague?"

Rowen seemed genuinely curious.

The warmth of the question, mixed with the warmth of his smile, had struck fear into the hearts of everyone, even Ludwig.

"I really don't know, how does this wooden doll get to......."

-pot!

There is a small golden glow in Rowen's right hand.

"You believe you can perform these miracles, why on earth would you?"

For an instant, the golden glow from its radiance washed away the cold, and I felt the weakness in my body dissipate, and a sense of vitality fill my body.

Prayers to unidentified idols.

A real miracle of healing and purification.

Rowen looks at the pagans as if he doesn't understand the gap.

"I'm asking you, what is this wooden puppet, what does it represent, what do you believe, what are you trying to do?"

It's all very nice, but everyone is afraid.

The old man rambled on, unable to answer, but someone else spoke up.

"Yo....... 용사님......."

"......?"

"Hey, warrior....... for you."

The trembling young woman's words hardened Ludwig's expression as well as Rowen's.

A wooden idol that seems to mimic a human form.

He says it's an imitation of the warrior, Ellen Artorius.

"The warrior....... will save us all......."

At the young woman's trembling words, a stoic Rowen nods slowly.

"Oh....... I see."

Rowen stares at the wooden idol in silence.

Ludwig had an ominous premonition that something abysmal was stirring in Rowen's eyes.

However, after a few moments of silence.

Rowen gently set the wooden idol he was carrying down in the center of the room.

"That's right, a warrior is coming to save us all."

There are a lot of heresies out there.

However, martial religion could not be treated as a heresy.

"But why don't we sharpen it up so it won't be misunderstood in the future? It's a sculpture of a great warrior."

Rowen looks at the trembling cultists and smirks.

"Rumor has it that you're very, very beautiful."

Rowen quietly left the shack.

