Episode 581.





Rowen knew that the pagans believed in warriors, but he did nothing about it.

In reality, Rowen had no right to punish or judge them, so there was no reason to do it in the first place.

But Ludwig was horrified by what he had just seen.

If I thought I had to use my hands, I felt like I would kill it.

I had been traveling with Rowen for about five days, but this was the first time I had seen him.

As it turns out, Ludwig never encountered any pagans while traveling with Lowen.

Mercenarism.

Rowen believed in the Five Great Houses, and as a priest of them, he had a lot to think about when it came to martial law.

An idol representing a warrior.

As he watched, Rowen's expression and eyes clearly changed.

Ludwig couldn't tell what it was, but he could see the emotion in her eyes, and it wasn't a positive one at that.

"Dragon Bridge......."

"......."

"Ludwig, do you think those people you saw earlier were really the Mercenaries?"

"Because they said so......."

"The martial arts are an excuse."

Rowen looks at Ludwig.

"There's quite a few pagans who pretend to be martial artists to hide their true beliefs, and if you say martial arts, they'll say yes, so it's a mask."

At that, Ludwig could only nod slowly.

Don't touch the Warrior Bridge.

That's why, in a pinch, you'll declare yourself a martyr, just in case they back down.

"Didn't they say earlier that....... You don't think they're mercenaries?"

"Well, I don't know, you know, the martial religions have their own beliefs, and they don't really have a definition of what it means to be a martial religion in the first place, do they?"

The Mercenary Order is not a specific group.

It's all over the place, like a folk religion, and it doesn't have a formalized system of beliefs.

Just believing that Ellen Artorius will save everyone.

It's just dozens or hundreds of derivative beliefs with variations within them.

Heroism is not forbidden.

But it's heresy. Ellen is not the Great Goddess.

Of course, when you get down to it, it's never irrelevant, but no one seems to know about it.

However, there are now many more believers in warrior religions than there are believers in the Five Great Gods. Therefore, the majority of pagans are no longer pagans.

This is because they have no substance, no core, and are impossible to root out.

Numerous pagans are killed by the guards, some of whom are also believers in the warrior religion.

But if you kill them all for believing in a warrior religion, the refugee camps will be devoid of people.

"Technically, many of the cults in the refugee camps may have their roots in martial religion."

There's no such thing as a true martial religion, even if you wear the mask.

"But that's ridiculous, it's the Mercenary Cult in the first place, what difference does it make if they wear masks?"

It's just a heresy that has gotten so big that it can't be a heresy anymore.

From the perspective of the Five Great Houses, warrior religion was a harsher faith than demonic religion.

Rowen looks to the sky and exhales.

"A warrior saves everyone......."

She looks at Ludwig and smiles.

"Ludwig must have lived in the temple with you?"

"It's ......."

Demons, and warriors.

Ludwig felt that it was somehow a strange and grotesque fate that he had been so close to this strange entanglement.

A demon hated by all.

The warrior who became everyone's hope.

I was one of the people who watched from the sidelines as they went about their, perhaps, normal lives.

I've been watching the false peace between the devil and the hero for quite some time.

Even now, Ellen was back at the Temple.

At this rate, I'd probably end up having dinner with Ellen with a bunch of people hanging on for dear life to see her toes.

Ludwig couldn't believe that such a thing was possible for a small, insignificant being like himself.

Those who wish to see Ellen's face chop down an unrecognizable tree and pray to it, and Ludwig is able to eat with her and talk about the day's events.

I even asked her what an archbishop was, and she graciously explained it to me.

People's idea of a warrior.

Ellen in the reality she can see.

The gap between them was too large.

"You said you weren't sure about the demon, but what about the warrior?"

"......."

Rowen asks curiously.

Even as a pretender, I couldn't help but notice that Rowen was less than enthusiastic about the Mercenary Order.

But isn't that the same as being a warrior?

Ludwig knows that people are arbitrarily projecting these expectations onto Ellen. The Order of the Dragon is completely unrelated to the real Ellen.

The real-life Ellen Artorius, not the warrior of the Dragonlords.

What she's like.

Ludwig didn't talk to Ellen much when the Temple was functioning.

Even after the Gate debacle, Ellen's encounters were few and far between, as she only headed to the most dangerous battlefields.

So, as the Allied armies marched on, the only thing I could do was talk to Ellen from time to time and watch from the Royal Class garrison.

Ellen is strong.

Ellen is great.

Ellen is self-sacrificing.

A million words raced through his head, but Ludwig didn't think they could sum up the kind of person Ellen was.

We all know the story.

Ludwig has seen Ellen.

Ellen lived closest to Reinhardt.

"Ellen is....... probably, the biggest victim of all this....... I think."

Victim.

Ludwig could not help but think.

Ellen stayed with Reinhardt, not knowing what to expect.

Technically, I think Ellen would have loved Reinhardt.

Maybe even now.

But the demon approached Ellen. No, the demon approached others as well.

When all hell broke loose, some followed the devil, but not Ellen.

Ellen is betrayed by Reinhard.

That's why you're not a victim.

When Ludwig thought of Ellen, always looking so determined, but with a deep sadness in her eyes, he couldn't help but say.

"Are you a victim......?"

"Yes."

Ludwig nodded at Rowen's words.

I didn't want to go into the details because it would hurt, and it's Ellen's personal story, and it would undermine people's trust in her.

I don't think I'm going to tell Rowen that a warrior might have loved a demon.

However, the victim.

I can only characterize myself as a victim of all this.

That's what I thought.

"ouch......."

Ludwig saw the corners of Rowen's mouth turn up.

"So, you know......."

For some reason, Rowen's strange laughter gave Ludwig an eerie feeling.

"......Is there a problem?"

At Ludwig's question, Rowen shook his head.

"No, just....... I'm just saying."

Rowen walked the streets again, praying, and Ludwig stood by him wordlessly.



* * *



By the time we were done cleaning up, the snow was ankle deep.

"Let's go, I'll have to come back tomorrow to check it out......."

Rowen didn't finish his sentence, but stopped walking.

An alleyway in a refugee camp.

A group of men, not exactly sturdy by any stretch of the imagination, but with obvious animosity, stood in Rowen and Ludwig's way.

When Ludwig turned around, there was another group of refugees blocking the exit.

Ludwig didn't know who they were or why they were blocking his way.

But obvious enemies.

And there were definitely some faces I recognized from earlier.

"Ludwig."

"Yes."

Ludwig immediately understood what Rowen was talking about.

Ludwig immediately grabbed Rowen by the waist and pulled her into a hug, hanging on to her side.

"Bam!"

I grabbed it so hard that Rowen let out a small squeal.

-Thump!

Ludwig's body, enveloped in blue energy, leaped a dozen meters in an instant, overtaking those who stood in his way.

Whatever their intentions were in approaching Rowen and Ludwig, it was impossible to keep up with their swift disappearance.



* * *



"Is that enough?"

"Yeah, maybe......."

Ludwig set Rowen down carefully, carrying her almost like a burden.

"Egoo......."

Rowen stretched his back and made a pained sound.

"That....... I'm sorry. I was too......."

"No, because I had no choice."

They managed to break free of the flimsy encirclement in a short time. But there were at least ten men surrounding Ludwig and Rowen.

It was very difficult to see it as a simple robbery. Rowen scratched his cheek in embarrassment.

"You saw those people earlier, right?"

"Yes....... obviously."

I've seen some, but not all, who have called themselves martial religionists.

I wouldn't say they were exactly reckless.

For one thing, Rowen is a frail-looking man, and even Ludwig is one-armed and unarmed.

It's no wonder they're more afraid of the spear-wielding guards than they are of Rowen and Ludwig.

The what ifs that Rowen was always talking about. Well, that just happened.

They were going to raid a priest, and Rowen is an archbishop-level priest.

The pagans even tried to kill her themselves.

"It's not unheard of for pagans to build up to dangerous levels of power, but I don't think that's what you just did."

"What happens when such a faction is formed?"

"Well? Anyway, isn't the important thing that it wasn't that this time?"

Rowen deliberately deflected.

"Let's go back, I'm glad no one got hurt."

But, as if to say that all was well, Rowen walked ahead, and Ludwig followed in a daze.

When they saw the pagans, they had some serious momentum, but now that they were about to be attacked, they had the attitude that they were done.

Ludwig couldn't get enough of Lowen.

But in the end, no one was hurt, and Ludwig was happy to move on.

"By the way, Ludwig, you're running really well, my eyes were spinning."

"Oh....... That....... is one of my few specialties."

Lowen smiled softly at Ludwig's modesty.

"Really? What other skills do you have?"

"I don't know....... I don't know, except that I'm a little more fit than most......."

"I don't think so. Isn't being able to enhance your magic already a huge feat?"

"What? Ah......."

"You know how many people despair because they can't even do that?"

What Rowen says is true.

Even if Ludwig is missing an arm and can't fight properly, the average person wouldn't be able to chase him down with a single leap.

The fact remains that Ludwig was a superhuman, a man who could never be categorized as ordinary.

"I thought Ludwig was a humble guy, but after being around him for a few days, I don't think that's the case."

"......."

"Humility without respect is just self-deprecation."

Humility is not about thinking of yourself as insignificant.

Ludwig thinks of himself as insignificant, so that's not humility.

Ludwig was left speechless when Rowen said he was only beating himself up.

Because Ludwig knows best.

"Do I need to?"

"I have lost loved ones....... lost."

"I see."

"If I had been a little stronger, if I had been a little wiser, if I had been a little better......."

Ludwig says, still, blank-eyed.

"I lost people I didn't have to lose if I was stronger....... and that's all I can think about."

In the end, I couldn't do anything but blame myself for my incompetence.

He wanted to die on the battlefield, but was driven out because he was a nuisance to others.

"At least I know I can still do something....... I guess that's a good thing."

I think Ludwig discovered something similar to hope in despair.

This work will eventually end, but it's necessary for everyone.

Helping Rowen. The only sensible thing he could do.

"That's why I'm grateful to the priest."

"Um......."

She shook her head.

"You do realize that priests in Tuan can't date or marry, right?"

"That's not what I meant at all......!"

"Oh, my God."

Rowen chuckled to himself as he watched Ludwig blush.

He's a weirdo.

Ludwig looked at Rowen and couldn't quite put his finger on it.

Thus, in Ludwig's eyes, Rowen was a strange man.

At first I thought he was a saint, with a twisted belief in God. But in the end, I didn't see him as a bad person because he was trying to do the best he could with his almost fanatical faith.

When I encountered the pagans, I was afraid they would do something to me, but they never did anything to me.

And they say strange things that don't make sense.

Ludwig had no idea who the priest in front of him was.

It's like he's a good guy, or he's a crazy guy, or he's a crazy guy and he's sane.

A priest from a cold country to the north.

Ludwig doesn't consider himself smart, but he doesn't easily forget what he's heard.

Ellen said.

A bishop is a lord, and an archbishop is a lord.

Not necessarily, but usually.

Heinrich said.

Many archbishops may have fled to the ecliptic. Maybe it's not so strange to see an archbishop-level priest roaming the streets.

Rowen said.

He said he was a bishop before Gate, but after Gate, he was given an undeserved position to fill someone else's void.

With so few lands untouched, there will be no Archbishop in the role of High Lord.

That said, Rowen is not an archbishop in the same capacity as a high lord.

It means that a person has been elevated to the rank of archbishop with responsibilities other than ruling a province or administering an archiepiscopal see.

Is this work of cleansing disease why he was given the office of archbishop?

"Rowen."

"Yes, Ludwig."

"Is what you do as Archbishop....... Is that all you do?"

"ouch......."

Rowen nods slowly, as if he knows what Ludwig is asking.

"Well, it's more of a modifier."

"Pronouns?"

"Yes."

Rowen walks calmly and exhales white breath.

"People keep dying in the ecliptic."

"It's ......."

"There's a lot of heresy."

"Right."

"Strange things keep happening in places that are not auspicious, where ominous things keep happening."

Rowen's expression darkened even more as he said this.

"You haven't seen Ludwig yet, but sometimes the dead rise from the dead."

"...... Is that enough?"

At the mention of the undead, Ludwig felt goosebumps all over his body.

"When unholy energy is misused, even stranger things happen: false rituals of heresy. Prayers to unholy powers."

"ouch......."

"The reason I looked a little weird earlier is because I've seen so many strange things while traveling around the refugee camps."

Sure, Rowen was smiling, but he couldn't hide his chill.

Was it because they were worried about the negative aftermath of a false consciousness?

"Isn't it pointless or too risky to ask for something from a power that you don't know if it exists or not, when you don't even have the right power to ask for it?"

"I see......."

"It's part of my job to see if that happens, and if it's something I can deal with, I deal with it."

It's a bit like cleaning up an epidemic.

Wander around looking for things that need to be done, and if you can do it, do it.

"Although something very strange has been happening lately, and we're looking into that."

"Anything weird?"

"......Ah, here we go."

Before we knew it, we were at the Temple of Tuan, where Rowen was staying.

"Ludwig, be careful going in there. You know tomorrow."

"Yes, you mean by nine o'clock?"

"Um, ....... But tomorrow, could you come in a little earlier than usual?"

"Is there something special about......?"

"No?"

Rowen looks at Ludwig and smiles.

"Tomorrow, let's have tea before we leave, just the two of us."

Rowen winked at Ludwig, then shuffled into the shrine.

What a weird guy.

Ludwig couldn't get it out of his head.

I had a strong feeling that she was about to say something and then stopped.

Weird stuff.

When I tried to ask about it, I felt like the conversation was cut off on her end.

And.

'You said you live from temple to temple.......'

Although it was only day five.

Rowen had yet to take up residence in a shrine other than this ramshackle one.

Ludwig returns to the temple.

Again, no one was hurt today.

Ludwig was satisfied and grateful for that alone.



* * *



-pot!

In a warp spot on the ecliptic, a group of people and supplies emerged with an intense flash of light.

Mass teleportation of supplies and personnel.

"This is......."

Louise von Schwarz was able to reach the snowy ecliptic gradient in the late night hours.

He arrived alone, without an entourage. He came alone because he was the only one authorized to enter the temple.

She looks around in the dark, snowy ecliptic.

"......?"

Naturally.

Without a single attendant, Ruiz didn't even know where she was on the ecliptic.

Louise must go to the temple.

However, since you have virtually no attendants, you have no way of knowing the way.

"What kind of snow is this......."

Even visibility is limited due to the falling snow.

So, instead of going to the temple, she ended up at the opposite place, the imperial palace.





