Episode 583.





The day after Louise von Schwarz arrived at the Temple.

There aren't many people back in the Royal Class dorms in the first place, and Louise is the commander of the Cernstadt army.

As such, I could feel the people who recognized her get a little nervous, but it didn't get loud.

Whether or not people recognized her, Louise thought it was strange that she was in the temple at all.

Breakfast time.

"I was patrolling around ......."

"Yes, sister."

"I told you to rest."

Louise's expression hardened slightly.

"Sorry......."

"I didn't mean to hear that."

Just looking between the two makes me feel like I'm going to get stuck in something.

It's so awkward to watch them be so awkward with each other, it's almost painful to watch from the perspective of someone who knows them!

"But....... Nothing really happened. It's definitely safe around the ecliptic, and I didn't even see the monster. Ellen, right?"

At Heinrich's request for support, Ellen, who had been munching on her bread, nodded.

"Yeah, I think we definitely don't have a monster problem, and I don't think I'm going to patrol anymore because there's not much point."

They'd been out and about since their return to the Temple, but they hadn't drawn a sword or sliced a radish. So it was time to rest.

But when Heinrich and Ellen see the snow outside the ballroom window, their faces darken.

In addition to hunger and cold, the accumulating snow was a major problem.

The gate and the monsters were the cause of all this, but now they were secondary. Louise looked over at Ludwig as they ate.

"Um, by the way, Ludwig. Thanks for yesterday."

"What? Ah....... No, Commander. It wasn't a big deal."

What does this mean?

Louise, what can this man do to thank Ludwig?

Louise must have felt Heinrich's gaze as much as I did, because she went blank.

The look on your face like you just lost money by saying something you shouldn't have.

"You gave me directions to....... yesterday."

"Directions to......?"

"When I arrived yesterday, it was snowing so hard that I had to go to......."

Louise's face fell slightly.

No way.

"Are you....... lost?"

"......."

What it is.

Why is this lady so cute.

She doesn't even look like an auntie because she's a superhuman who got into the master class in the first place.

If you think about it, yesterday Louise von Schwarz arrived at the Temple very late.

Neither Ellen nor Heinrich could sleep through the snowfall, so they were out in the lobby, and it was late enough that they would normally have stayed up.

You didn't arrive late in the first place, you just got lost on the ecliptic.

Maybe it's because we've had so much snow that it's unavoidable.

A princess lost on a snowy day.

"So if I hadn't met Ludwig in time....... I would have been even more lost......."

After getting lost, he met Ludwig, who led him to the temple.

No, now that I think about it, it's a problem even if you find the temple.

The interior of the temple is incredibly spacious.

Even if you did find the temple, you'd probably get lost again trying to find the royal class dorms.

If I hadn't been so lucky to run into Ludwig, I might have woken up on the street.

"Ludwig, you must have been busy at work yesterday, because you're late."

To see if Heinrich sensed my doubt, he turned to Ludwig, who was eating.

"Work isn't busy, but....... I finished work on time, but on the way back....... There's someone who needs help, so I'm running late."

"That's so....... That sounds like you."

"Haha......."

I thought you said I was spoiled.

I was able to find the lost princess, so I guess that's a good thing in the end.

By the way, I could see Ludwig's expression getting better and better.

The cleanup seemed to help Ludwig realize that he could do something meaningful.

The wound would never be completely healed, but it could be overcome, and Ludwig seemed to be on his way.

Partly because Ellen forced him to come to the Temple, partly to gather information, and partly because it's nice to see Ludwig getting better.

"Huh?"

-Angel

"Yes."

As I sat on her lap, Ellen patted my back.

This.......

It's easy.......

If it weren't for the Gate debacle, I could live as a cat for the rest of my life.......

Of course, you'll have to be as good as I am at taking care of the house.

Honestly, I think Pacton likes the cat look too.......

Heinrich looks at Ludwig and asks.

"Are you going out on a cleansing mission with that priest again today?"

"Yeah, they asked me to come in early today so I could get a head start, it's been snowing a lot."

"Cleanup operation......?"

Louise tilted her head as if she didn't understand.

"There's a plague spreading across the ecliptic, so I'm guarding a priest who's purifying it."

Louise's eyes widened at that.

"You're doing good work."

"Oh, no, actually, I don't do much, more often than not I just end up walking by......."

"Still, it's a good thing, isn't it?"

"That....... Thank you."

Louise nodded, seemingly pleased that he was trying to do something in his condition. It made her feel even more sorry for him.

That lady's crush on Ludwig is already at an all-time high.

What....... If anyone hates a nice guy, it's the haters.

And I sneered at Ludwig for no good reason.

Yes, I am a problem.

If you think about it, the whole world is my fault, so it's a problem.......

I'm suddenly depressed.......

Louise stares after Ludwig as he leaves the ballroom.

"You're a good kid."

Louise seemed to think that Heinrich was lucky to have such a good-hearted boy among his friends.

And I can't help but feel sorry for the man who lost his arm like that.

"Yes, it is......."

Louise's words brought a bitter smile to Heinrich's face.



* * *



Both Ellen and Heinrich had confirmed that the outer ecliptic was safe, so there was no need for outward patrols.

And Heinrich would not be able to get out even if he wanted to because of Louise's entry into the Temple.

After breakfast, Louise and Heinrich stepped outside the Royal Class dormitory.

I'm not going to patrol the perimeter anymore. I've had a few days to see that it's already well protected.

Heinrich left the dormitory now to give me a tour of the temple.

Even Heinrich, who wasn't very perceptive, could tell that his mother, who didn't show much emotion under false pretenses, was getting pretty worked up right now.

But there was a problem.

"It's snowing so....... You've come a long way."

"That's right......."

The snow that had started falling yesterday had turned the whole world white, so it was just white all around.

The good news is that the snow has been plowed and is still falling, but not enough to make walking around uncomfortable.

"It must be crazy out there."

"I'm sure."

Like everyone else, Heinrich and Louise are not happy to see this snow. So the snow that falls from the sky feels like a terrible curse.

Heinrich looks at Louise as if he's remembered something.

"Let's melt the snow."

"With your powers?"

"Yeah, I've never used it this way, but....... I don't think there's anything I can't try."

"Hmmm....... Do you want to try it?"

"Yes."

Heinrich begins to focus his energy.

"If it works out, I could go around melting snow on the ecliptic instead of patrolling, don't you think?"

Heinrich smirked, wondering if he could use his powers to clear the snow from the ecliptic.

"Yeah, whatever....... Try it for now."

For now, Louise watched Heinrich do his thing.

-Currrrrr!

Louise could soon see a sphere of red-hot flames high in the sky.

"Youngest, are you trying to summon the sun......?"

"Well, that would be great, but for now......."

The flames scattered a tremendous amount of light everywhere, and the intense heat was almost palpable.

A sphere of flame that roars and burns.

It was melting the snow on the ground.

Naturally.

-HoodooDooDooDoo

"......."

"......."

The snow that was falling from the sky turned into rain and started pouring down.

Naturally, they were bound to get rain, not snow, in the middle of winter.

Instead of snow, it was rain, and Louise and Heinrich's clothes were soaked through in no time.

"Uh oh......."

Heinrich let out a stupid yell and extinguished the fireball in the sky.

Louise let out a deep sigh.

"It looked like this."

"Well, did you......."

"If it's just enough heat to melt the snow and evaporate it quickly, this might work, but if it's baking people, it's a problem. No, we'd be worried about fires, but if we melted the snow this haphazardly, the streets would be icy."

Louise didn't think Heinrich's big picture would make much sense, but she figured it was better to let him try it out for himself than to explain it to him in words.

"......Sorry. I got your clothes wet unnecessarily."

Heinrich blushed, embarrassed that he'd had to do something so obvious to realize.

"I want you to get in the habit of thinking more deeply."

"Yes......."

"But......."

Louise looks at Heinrich and smiles.

"Your heart is in the right place."

"Yes.......?"

I did it because I wanted to help people, even if it didn't work and even if it didn't mean anything.

"Sometimes I wonder if that's enough."

Ruiz added with a laugh.

The suddenness of the words stunned Heinrich.

"Go, thank you sister......."

Seeing Ludwig changed Louise's mind, and she couldn't help but be happy that Heinrich was so similar to Ludwig.

Of course.

I said something I don't normally say, and Louise was as frozen as Heinrich.

And that's not the only problem.

So naturally, in the cold winter air, the two were bound to feel the extreme cold in real time.

This is not a problem for someone like Luiz, but it is for someone like Heinrich.

Louise sighed as she watched Heinrich's lips turn purple.

"......Let's get dressed first."

"It's ......."

They went out for a walk and had no choice but to turn back.



* * *



Heinrich and Louise changed into different clothes and went for a walk around the temple.

"Youngest, there aren't as many people in the Temple as there used to be, are there?"

"Schools aren't in session, so there's probably a tenth of the usual number of people, maybe even less."

"If I can clear snow like this inside a temple like that, maybe I don't have to worry so much about the outside."

"That would be great."

Louise and Heinrich walked through the temple.

"What do you know about education at Temple?"

"I know."

Cernstadt also has an academy, and in fact the Cernstadt Academy is modeled quite a bit after Temple.

From having separate general education and specialized education, to having education from a very young age, to having education from all walks of life, with no restrictions on status.

"That's the classroom building where we used to have common training."

"Oh....... I see."

Louise looks at the white classroom building.

"That was the pool and....... That's where we used to do physical training......."

"Yeah."

Heinrich walked me around the temple and explained things.

The classroom wing where the Royal Class was taught, the building where psychic powers were taught, the places where magic sensitivity was trained, and so on.

And I took her not only to the royal class, but also to the primary and secondary schools that I attended as a very young child.

"This is Main Street. The shops are closed now, but almost all of the Temple students used to congregate here, go to the restaurants, stop at the cafes, and if they weren't going out to the ecliptic on the weekends, almost all of them were here."

"That's a lot of distance."

"Yeah, because there were over 100,000 students, and that's where they congregated, and they came from all over the continent, so I got to taste a lot of different indigenous foods. What....... I didn't really like."

"I see."

There were very few people coming and going, except for the guards shoveling snow, but the space was once bustling with students.

People come from all over the world, and cultures from all over the world converge.

While Main Street was not an educational site, it symbolized the Temple's success and prosperity.

But now, in the snowy streets, not a single store was open.

These are all places Louise knows in her head.

Or the number of students, or Main Street, or the different schools Heinrich went to.

I knew the places and sights in my head, but they were new to me.

"You've spent your whole life in this place."

"Yes."

Louise said, and Heinrich nodded.

"Let me just say this....... I hope you don't mind my saying, but the temple is a nice place."

"You need not look away. Do I not know that the Academy in Cernstadt is no match for the Temple?"

Louise stares at the view of the snowy temple.

"The Academy in Cernstadt is not a temple, nor can it be. Seeing it like this reminds me that it was only possible because of the Empire."

The Academy in Cernstadt was modeled after the Temple, but it was never able to achieve the scale of the Temple.

First of all, there is no reason to choose Cernstadt Academy when Temple is the best school on the continent. Most of the students admitted to Temple come from well-off families. There is absolutely no reason why they should be admitted to a second-tier academy.

Cernstadt's academy covers the cost of tuition, but like Temple, it's a full-funded institution, and the state itself falters.

As a result, the number of academies themselves is small and the scale is small.

It's not like Louise doesn't know that in the first place, so I don't think Heinrich is disrespecting the Cernstadt Academy just because he says so.

"No, sister, that's not what I meant."

Heinrich says as we make eye contact on the main street.

"I'm just saying I've spent my whole life in a good place."

"ah......."

Louise's breath caught in her throat at the suddenness of Heinrich's words.

"I wasn't exactly happy, but I wasn't exactly unhappy either. I was in a good place, with good people."

"......."

"So, you don't have to make that face."

Suddenly, Louise realizes what she's been looking like all this time.

Passing by the many places, schools, dorms, and streets that Heinrich has lived.

Louise was overwhelmed with guilt for not being there to see it, for not being able to be with him, and for her son, who had lived his entire life without knowing the truth.

So I couldn't really give a proper impression of the place as I walked through it.

Louise's face remained stony the entire time, as her guilt was not resolved, but rather deepened.

I'm happy to be in the temple.

In the end, Louise's mood sank lower and lower as she felt sad, sadder, and ultimately sorry that she hadn't been there to see them.

Temple is a good place, and I've never stayed in a better place.

So when you say you shouldn't feel sorry for yourself.

Ruiz didn't know if she deserved to hear that.

I was never watched over, never cared for, never had a proper conversation with.

Even with all the facts, we still didn't have a proper conversation.

I still refer to my son as my youngest, and he refers to his mother as his sister, just in case anyone overhears.

"Thank you....... for sleeping well."

"Oh, I can't believe you thought of that....... Thank you."

Louise could only curse herself for saying that.

Even at full strength, Ruiz saw with his own eyes that Cernstadt could not keep up with Temple.

Good for you.

If Temple was a good place for my son to grow up, I'm glad Cernstadt can't match it.

I was in a good place, with good people.

What a relief that is.

But as Louise thought about it, she couldn't help but be both impressed and bitter.

You've been in good company.

What a terrible lie that is.

Louise smiled bitterly.

"You've been in the temple with the devil, and you've been in good company....... You're telling a lie to comfort me, but....... I'm glad you said that."

"What? Ah......."

Her son, if you were to name the least fortunate person in the world, you'd have to put him in the top ten.

But he was lying to comfort himself, and Louise could only understand that.

But her words left Heinrich speechless, as if he'd been hit hard.

Louise cursed her tongue as she looked at her son, who stared at her wordlessly.

I put the devil in your mouth.

I'm sure I've said it before.

You may feel guilty that you were right there with the devil and didn't do anything to stop it.

"Youngest, I'm just......."

"Sister."

Louise nodded, bewildered, with a sense of dread that seemed to tighten in her chest.

"Yes, I'm listening."

At the sight of Heinrich's frighteningly determined expression, Louise felt the first kind of fear she had ever experienced in her life.

Heinrich's face is set in a grim line.

I was stumped.

We don't know what he's thinking, but he stares at himself for a moment, as if trying to choose his words.

You can't say anything, but you have to ask yourself if you'd be able to stand it if you were to hear the words of resentment.

Feeling suffocated, Louise waited for the words to come out of Heinrich's mouth.

After a long silence, long enough for the snow on my shoulders to fall instead of pile up.

"I've been trying to decide whether or not to tell you, but....... I think you should know."

"What do I....... need to know about......?"

"Yes."

The words that came out of his son's mouth were not words of resentment, nor were they an outpouring of grief.

Heinrich opens his mouth slowly, with a stony expression.

"In fact....... before my brothers tried to kill me....... came to visit."

"!"





