Episode 588.





"Have you recovered all the bodies?"

"Yes, there is a campaign in progress for the Crusaders' High Priestess."

Ellen stands still and looks around the burned-out temple.

No bodies were found at the site. The temple had already partially collapsed, so it was clear that it was important to recover the bodies quickly.

Ludwig looked around the temple with a stern expression on his face.

Ellen also explores the chapel of the burned temple.

"It's likely a mob attack.

The size of the temple is so small that it's easy for the temple to be attacked by civilians and the priests to be killed.

Catching the culprit will be difficult, but it's more likely than not that there's something else behind this.

"What was the fire situation?"

"It's believed that the arson took place with all the priests killed, and then people who saw the temple on fire came in and looted it."

"Are you saying you saw a fire and looted it?"

"Yes. We have multiple witnesses. They say they saw the fire and tried to get in."

"such as......."

At that, both Ludwig and Ellen narrowed their eyes.

As Louise says, there is a sequence of events.

But arson is not the last. Looting might be the last.

"You didn't loot and set fire to it, you saw it on fire and looted it?"

"Yes......."

It's not something that would happen under normal circumstances, but every penny counts, every meal counts.

The temple is on fire.

Those who saw the fire attempted to loot it, hoping to take something of value or food from its contents.

The reasoning that arson would be the last thing they would do is wrong. That's because I didn't understand people's desperation.

Looting comes last.

And the looters are not the killers, they are the bystanders.

He ran into a fire and stole.

Of course, it's also possible that the killers looted and then set fire to it, after which bystanders stole what was left.

"If the arson came first, the priests would have gotten out of the temple before it was swallowed by fire. The arson came after the murder, and the looting was done by bystanders.

"The priests died first, then the arson, and finally the looting.

'Then it's likely that the killers killed the priests and set them on fire, though we still don't know what their purpose was.'

"First of all, the marauders Ludwig saw aren't murderers. They're thieves.

"Well, at least I know one.

Ellen collects her thoughts and looks at the fidgeting paladin.

"This case, is there any chance of catching the perpetrators?"

"......I can't answer that for sure yet."

When Ellen asked, the paladin hesitantly replied, "Yes.

If this is indeed the behavior of a mob, then whatever priest Rowen actually is, even if Ludwig and Ellen are more involved, they won't be able to figure anything out.

If you find them, you'll probably catch a few thieves, but not the ones who killed the priest.

'It's not impossible that there could be a massacre of civilians by the Crusaders over this, but it's unlikely that the Crusaders would do something like that when they're already in the public eye.......'

Ellen ponders.

This is never a good thing, but Ludwig will back down if you tell him the case at face value.

The mob stormed the temple and set it on fire.

The killer is a civilian, and Rowen's lack of combat skills means that his healing powers are not enough to save him from the blades that mow him down.

Whether Rowen's real title is spy or whatever, there's no reason for Ludwig to find out in the first place.

"Warrior, leave this to us and......."

However, Ellen is conscious of the paladin's presence, who keeps trying to push her out of her comfort zone.

It was obvious that the thief was very uneasy about Ellen being here.

The paladin's insecurities were keeping Ellen from leaving.

'We've recovered all the bodies.......'

It's not that I don't understand the haste with which they removed the bodies, as they could have been preserved in the field and then buried in a collapsing building.

But it's not like the whole building burned down, and it's not like the whole building collapsed.

Ellen looks at the walls of the building that weren't swallowed by the flames.

'bloodstain.......'

We see blood stains where we think the body may have been.

In her mind's eye, Ellen imagines what the murder scene looked like.

The victim was killed with his back to the wall.

'Blood splattered on the walls, and a large amount of blood on the floor....... He must have died on the spot.'

'The weapon used was a blade. Most likely a sword.......'

'The direction of the blood spatter is right upwards. That means the cut was made from the left side upwards.......'

"It's not a downward slash, it's an upward slash, and it's not in the direction where the force is going to go.

"If you look at the amount of blood, it's not a cut, it's a dismemberment. The bones were cut together, and there's no way it could have been that bad.

'There's no way a civilian who doesn't even know how to properly handle a weapon can cut a man to the bone in one fell swoop.......'

"Never.

Ellen takes a closer look at the blood-spattered wall.

"The raiders must have included someone with a level of enchantment.

Ellen looked at the marks and read the circumstances of the killing, which were impossible for a normal human being to accomplish with ordinary strength.

We don't know if the paladins don't have a clue, or if they do but won't tell us.

We don't know if Ellen is withholding information simply because she's an outsider, because it's something that shouldn't be revealed, or because she has evidence in front of her and doesn't realize it.

"Something....... Okay?"

As Ellen pondered something, Ludwig interrupted.

"No, not really."

Ellen didn't tell him what she'd discovered, not even because of the watching eyes.

Ellen looked beyond the chapel to other areas.

The temple was not intact, and in some places it had collapsed.

Beyond the chapel, at the back of the temple, the roof had completely collapsed, bringing down the priests' quarters, the kitchen, and other buildings, with cold winds blowing in from the breached ceiling and a fresh layer of snow already on the ground.

"Warrior, there may be additional collapses."

"That's fine."

It's a pile of rubble from the roof, and you can't tell what's underneath it.

"Could there be other people's bodies in there? What's the status of the search?"

"Oh....... We've already collected all the bodies, it was early in the morning when this side collapsed."

"I see."

Ellen could see from the tiny skeleton of the collapsed roof that the paladin was right about the possibility of further collapse. The snow was still accumulating, and with just a few more feet of snow, the temple might collapse.

Ellen was convinced that the paladin's story of a mob attack was either a lie, or he didn't know the facts.

The assumption that they might not have been able to resist armed civilians is incorrect. The attackers would not have been civilians.

The order of events was murder, arson, and looting.

Ellen's guess is that it wasn't a mob that showed up during the killing phase.

If so, why?

What did the raiders intend to do with this location?

Not surprisingly, it was because this place had meaning.

But what possible meaning or value could there be in this not-so-big temple? Even though it was burned, Ellen didn't see much value in it.

If this isn't just an angry mob attack, there has to be a reason.

Reasonable cause and justification.

However, the Paladins have a history of intentionally withholding information.

The bodies have all been recovered, and if so, any meaningful clues Ellen could have gleaned from this place, aside from the bloodstains on the walls, would have been obliterated.

Ellen remembers Louise's words.

Three stages of events.

Murder, arson, and looting.

By killing them first, it was clear that they were not civilians. And it's unlikely that the goal was to loot in the first place, but to kill the priests.

At the end of the looting, they were just bystanders who turned into looters. The looters, then, are irrelevant to the real heart of the matter.

Ruiz said the three incidents may have been perpetrated by different people.

This wasn't just a case of angry people.

Looting was a natural part of the process, as looters jumped on the fire because they thought there might be something there that wasn't worth burning.

So looting is a byproduct, murder is the core.

Why was this temple raided?

I'm sure there's a good reason for that.

There's probably more to it than meets the eye.

What happened in the second phase was arson.

Why was fireproofing necessary?

That's probably because it's necessary.

Why fireproofing is necessary.

The result of arson.

Ellen looks at the crumbling temple.

Did I need to burn something?

Or, did it need to be broken?

It's hard to tell.

Ellen is sure of one thing.

It was clear that this was no ordinary temple.

"This temple, what was it doing?"

At Ellen's question, the paladin tilted his head as if he didn't know what she was talking about.

"Yes? It was a temple to Tuan, the goddess of purity."

"......."

It was getting to the point where I couldn't tell if he really didn't know or if he was pretending not to.

Ellen looks around.

"Ellen."

Then Ludwig, who had been silent, called for Ellen.

"Yes."

"Something....... smell?"

Ludwig's words silenced Ellen for a moment.

It definitely smells fishy.

We don't know if the paladins know and are hiding the truth, or if they want to send Ellen away because she is truly dangerous.

Ellen knows that Ludwig is not good with his head, but Ludwig is suspicious, too.

The scene is definitely suspicious.

No.

Smell?

Ellen looks at Ludwig.

Ludwig wrinkles his nose.

It wasn't a suspicious smell, it was a real smell.

"......."

It turns out this idiot was just being a dick and was literally talking about the actual smell.

And I mean that in the most literal sense of the word. It's a fire scene, and the burnt odor is so overpowering that Ellen is conserving her breathing as best she can.

"What smell?"

"That....... stinks......."

Odor.

You can smell the burnt odor, but the stench is a little off.

A horrible burnt odor that's everywhere.

But something else mixed in there.

It's subtle, but it's there.

A stench that gets under your nose.

To be precise.

"Yeah, it smells like feces."

"Right......?"

Poo-pee, i.e. the smell of feces.

"It's got the smell of blood in it."

I can smell the blood in the air.

It could be the scent of the dead, but that's not what Ludwig and Ellen's sense of smell detects.

It's a very strong odor.

The kind of odor that's not buried or lost in the flames, but is clearly coming from somewhere.

Ludwig couldn't help but focus on the smell.

The smell of filth and blood.

It was a smell I'd smelled many, many times on the battlefield.

A smell eerily familiar to Ellen and Ludwig.

And the epicenter of that smell.

Ellen folds her arms.

"Ludwig."

"Yes."

"Help me clean up the debris."

"Uh, uh! Okay!"

"Hey, warrior......!"

The paladin stood in Ellen's way as if to say no.

"One more time, one more unnecessary word."

Ellen lifts her robes, her fingertips brushing against the sword at her waist.

This refers to Laments, the Moonlight Sword and Voidblade.

"I know you're in for a treat."

Ellen's irritation was mounting.



* * *



As Ellen and Ludwig began to clear the rubble of the collapsed building, the paladin at their side grew impatient.

The good news was that the building's exterior walls were still intact, so Ellen and Ludwig couldn't watch from the outside as they cleared the debris.

Shoveling snow and removing piles of rocks the size of houses was no small task for Ludwig and Ellen.

And both Ludwig and Ellen were convinced without lifting a stone.

The stench of blood and filth was growing stronger in the air.

There's something under this rubble.

Others approached and watched Ellen and Ludwig, but none of the larger paladins dared to stop her.

Unable to stop her, or even help her, he could only watch as Ellen cleared the debris from the building.

And just like that, how much debris was cleared.

"There was an underground."

"......Yes."

A space that was obscured by the rubble of a collapsed building.

In it, Ellen and Ludwig could see a staircase leading down to the basement.

And there was a definite smell of filth and blood coming from that basement stairwell.

Ellen stares at the pale-faced paladins.

"Don't follow me, don't go anywhere, wait here."

It was a stern warning to Ellen that she was deliberately trying to deceive me and that I should be prepared for whatever I saw.

"Let's go."

"Yes."

Ellen led the way, followed by Ludwig.





