Episode 590.





Ellen and Ludwig made it out of the burning temple.

"The Crusaders will know I'm in there, and they won't be able to touch me, but they might try to silence you."

"......."

"Stay out of the temple for now."

"......Yes."

Ludwig was stunned.

Helping Rowen with his work gave Ludwig a small glimmer of hope that he could do something about it.

But Rowen was actually an inquisitor, gathering information from refugee camps to kidnap and torture heretics, and for some unknown reason, he was deliberately approaching her.

Rowen didn't need Ludwig's protection in the first place. He wanted to take advantage of it, and he did.

Ludwig suddenly understood Lowen's strange attitude toward the pagan. He was an inquisitor.

I may have been lying to you about the cleanup in the first place.

"Took you long enough."

"Yes."

Ellen and Ludwig joined Heinrich and Louise, who were waiting in the alleyway.

"...... You have that look on your face like you just found out you weren't supposed to know."

Louise didn't need to hear the details, just the look on their faces told her that something was definitely up.



* * *



In Heinrich's case, he's the commander of the Cernstadt army and heir to the first throne of Cernstadt.

For a moment, Ellen wondered if she should tell such a person what the Crusaders could do, but then she realized that she didn't know what she was thinking.

It's inevitable that she'll get caught up in everything political, but Ellen isn't interested in that. She understands that with position comes responsibility, but isn't overthinking neutrality already political in itself?

Louise knows the importance of her position better than Ellen does, and she is here to help Ludwig, not as commander of Cernstadt.

That's why Ellen confided in Louise and Heinrich about what she learned in the temple.

It was an inquisition disguised as a ramshackle temple, with a huge dungeon and torture chamber beneath the temple, and everyone in it was dead.

"Inquisition?"

Heinrich heard the story and froze.

"I think they were capturing people and torturing them."

And then Ellen said something equally important.

That there were papers with Ludwig's picture on them in what appeared to be Rowen's office.

"Did you intentionally send Ludwig to......? Why on earth?"

"I don't know about that yet."

Rowen is an inquisitor.

He intentionally approached Ludwig and tried to use him in some way.

Heinrich looked at Ludwig in disbelief, his mouth watering. He had been getting better over the past few days, and this would only shock him more than before.

He was being taken advantage of, but he didn't even realize it, and he was happy that there was still something he could do.

Rowen was even traveling around the refugee camps with Ludwig, capturing, torturing, and killing any pagans he came across.

"That's weird."

Louise, who has been listening to the story, narrows her brow.

"What does using Ludwig have to do with the inquisition?"

The context was completely unknown to everyone in the room. Ludwig is not a believer in the Five Great Houses, nor does he believe in martial religion. He has nothing to do with heresy in the first place.

"By the way......."

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"About Ellen....... about Ellen."

"Me......?"

Ellen shook her head at that, and Ludwig nodded.

"He seemed to really dislike the Mercenaries, and he asked me what you were like, and he said....... And when he heard I went to the Temple, he asked me....... and asked me what the Devil was like."

Ellen's expression only grew more serious as she realized that Rowen had mentioned her.

"No way....... was trying to get to you through Ludwig?"

"Maybe."

In response to Louise's question, Ellen nodded in silence. Louise frowns and bites her lip, unable to understand further.

"I don't know what you think of the martial arts, but....... It's not directly related to you, is it?"

"Yes."

It is an arbitrary folk religion, and as such, it exists outside of the will of Ellen Artorius herself, the object of the faith.

"As an Inquisitor, I'm guessing you wanted to get rid of the Mercenary Order....... If so, he was trying to reach you through Ludwig to do you harm."

Ludwig's eyes widened when he was told that Rowen had reached Ellen through him and might have tried to kill her.

"No way....... No way......."

"The Mercenary Order has nothing to do with me, but when I die, the Mercenary Order will be gone. Maybe that's what you were thinking."

Ludwig's complexion turned even whiter at Ellen's explanation.

The death of Ellen, the center of the Mercenary Cult, would destroy it. It's a naturally occurring folk religion, but if Ellen dies, it will cease to exist.

The Mercenary Church would seek another faith. They would return to the bosom of the Great Lord, or they would seek a new faith.

They don't love Ellen, they love hope. You just have to give them hope, no matter who they are.

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"......Now that I think about it, I did say that."

"What?"

Ludwig said he didn't know much about the demon, and Ellen seemed to be a victim.

And.

"You say that Ellen seems to be the victim of all this....... I asked her if she knew that......."

Apparently, as he said that, he gave me an odd smile that I couldn't quite make out the meaning of.

Not as if you don't know, but as if you know differently.

"I don't know what it was, but it was as if what I knew was true and different....... It felt like something was laughing at me......."

Ludwig's words left Ellen speechless.

Louise watched as Ellen's eyes widened as if she had heard something shocking.



* * *



A conversation between Ludwig and Rowen that no one else noticed.

That little snippet helped Ellen realize a truth.

"I knew why and how the gate incident happened.

That's why Ludwig laughed when he said that Ellen was the victim.

Ellen has never seen Rowen's face. But Rowen knows the truth, and Ludwig, who is close to Ellen and can see her at any time, does not.

Because it's funny, and because it's sad.

That's why I said that.

"I think it's possible that he approached Ellen to get rid of the Mercenary Order....... I think you're right."

Heinrich's words made Ellen want to bite her tongue.

'No....... No.'

Though she couldn't bring herself to spit it out, Ellen knew what Rowen had been thinking.

'He was trying to get back at....... on me.'

He was one of the causes of the Gate crisis, but he blames the devil for all of it, claiming to be a warrior and admired by many.

Those who believe in the Warrior religion treat those who believe in the Great Gods religion as sinners and praise only Ellen.

How disgusting and repulsive that must have been.

The death of Ellen would have been secondary to the demise of the Order.

Rowen also asked what the demon was like, not Ellen.

This means that if Rowen knew the truth, he might actually side with the Devil.

She is a priestess of Tuan.

So, if we know that Tiamata's owner, the Devil, didn't actually want the gate to happen, and even warned him about it, we have no choice but to support him.

The opposite was true for Ellen, who I could only hate and loathe.

Only Ellen knew that, and she was as still as a stone, unable to open her mouth.

Ludwig is even more devastated when he realizes the possibility that Rowen may have used him to get to Ellen.

Ludwig had to realize that being close to someone special was not only enough to make you special, but it also meant that you could be used without regard to your own worth.

"With both Rowen and your Inquisitor dead, it's impossible to accomplish whatever it was you were trying to do....... But that doesn't mean all is lost."

Louise looks at Ellen.

"Who the hell was it that raided that temple. Do you mind if I don't reveal that?"

Regardless of Rowen's intentions, there were too many red flags to assume that her death solved everything.

It is only speculation that Rowen might have tried to kill Ellen.

"Even if the Inquisitor was trying to kill you in the first place, there's something odd about that."

"Weird....... part?"

"What does kidnapping and torturing a martial artist have to do with you?"

"ah......."

For a moment, Ellen is shocked that Rowen might know the truth, unable to think about the implications of what has already happened.

"Not all fanatics and madmen are fools. I can't help but notice that you had nothing to do with the rise of the Mercenary Order. Were there obvious signs of torture?"

"There were torture chambers, and the bodies showed signs of being tortured."

Louise nodded slowly at Ellen's words.

"You can torture someone just to make them suffer, but torture is basically about getting information."

Louise says.

"What information can you possibly learn about yourself by torturing people who have never seen you in their lives, or at best, have only seen you in passing?"

That's definitely weird.

If Ludwig was approached to kill Ellen, it is likely that the torture of the Mercenaries was done for that purpose.

But no amount of torture can tell us anything about Ellen. There's no way they didn't know that.

"Maybe they were trying to convert......."

"The youngest. There's no way you can convert all of the Warrior Cultists through torture."

"Well, I see......."

"You may have thought that killing a warrior was the only way to end the warrior religion. But I can't help but think that it's crazy to try to kill a warrior under these circumstances....... I don't know."

We end up in a quagmire, wondering if it was just the craziness of a fanatic, or if there was something else going on.

We can deduce Rowen's purpose from the clues, but we don't know for sure what it is.

This was originally Ludwig's job.

However, as we dug deeper into the case, we realized that it was very likely Ellen's work.

Rowen's true purpose is still unknown. We don't even know who attacked the temple.

But if Ellen wants to dig deeper into this, it's inevitably going to be dangerous.

"The Crusaders, or the High Priest. Either way, they know about this, because the priest couldn't have done it alone. And I can't even be sure that he really tried to kill me, because that's just a possibility."

"I suppose so."

Ellen says calmly.

"I'm on my own from here, it's my problem."

It's political, it's dangerous.

No help from Louise, no help from Heinrich, no help from Ludwig.

Louise stares at Ellen, who looks stony-faced.

Someone who has to carry so much at such a young age and doesn't mind doing so.

Ludwig's words about being a victim of everything.

And that attitude of going it alone, no matter what's in front of you.

Luiz knows he can't keep his hands out of this.

But in the end, I can't help but feel sorry for the attitude that you have to take it all, whether you're willing or not.

You're on your own.

Louise thinks about Ellen's sad words.

"It's just me."

Louise smiles bitterly.

When you have so much on your plate, you're bound to have a lot on your plate, no matter how small.

What's royalty without an heir anyway?

A warrior is about to try his hand at something dangerous, when his death could mean the end of humanity.

"Your problem is the problem of all of humanity."

"......."

Suppose Ellen's death ruins everything in the world.

The things Louise carries on her shoulders become irrelevant in the face of Ellen's life.

Ellen couldn't help but choke up when Louise said she would help her all the way.



* * *



Even the Inquisitors are, after all, part of the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses. So it was as if Ellen's destination for learning more about Rowen had already been determined.

It's the Crusaders' Great War.

Louise, as well as Heinrich and Ludwig, moved with Ellen.

Ludwig had originally asked Ellen to uncover Lowen's wrongful death, but it turns out that Lowen had been responsible for countless other wrongful deaths.

So, in effect, the raiders who killed Rowen may have done the right thing.

Rowen is not an innocent man.

Ludwig hadn't thought to question Lowen's mask until now.

No, I kept seeing something suspicious.

However, it's also possible that the idea of being able to do something just by being with Rowen kept you from questioning it.

Not knowing what to do, but wanting to do something about his frustration, Ludwig wanted to see this end.

How far does this work really reach. Where are the roots of this work.

What the heck is going on.

Ludwig wanted to know, just as Ellen wanted to know, even though he knew that knowing would only frustrate rather than enlighten him.

Did Rowen really want to kill Ellen?

The reason for the torture of the Mercenaries.

I wonder if the Crusaders know about this.

Just as Ellen was able to push her way into a raid site guarded by paladins, the Great Hall, the headquarters of the Crusader Knights, was no different.

"I want to meet the leader of the Crusader Knights."

That was all it took.





