Episode 594.





It is very possible that the remains in the cemetery of the saints were not stolen, but rather disappeared after someone raised them as the undead.

Thanks to Ludwig's intuition, Ellen realized something very important, so she asked the paladin who was acting as her guide.

"Did the Crusaders know?"

"......."

"You knew that."

Silence is the answer.

But keeping it a secret didn't stop me from lying about it.

It would be an insult and a fatal stain on the saints of the Order of the Five Great Houses for those who had been elevated to sainthood to become undead.

You wouldn't want anyone to know about it. Even if it was a warrior.

"We don't know for sure, it's just a guess."

"I suppose so."

Elion Bolton would not have wanted Ellen to know this. Ellen was about to stop there, but Ludwig's unexpected resourcefulness brought her to the truth.

The Crusaders knew.

But we didn't want it to be publicized, so we kept it a secret.

Elion Bolton can't stop Ellen, but that's probably why he hid the truth from her.

"Is there anything else you're hiding?"

"None."

But Ellen couldn't believe her ears.

"Let's go."

There's nothing else you need to know in the field.



* * *



After leaving the Great Hall of the Crusaders, the four of them walk through the still snowy streets.

"For now, let's go back to the temple and take our time. The Crusaders have no intention of helping us properly."

"I might be interrupting. I'm sorry."

I don't know about Ellen alone, but there's Louise von Schwarz.

Not only the warriors, but also Cernstadt's successor, had learned the truth about a very serious, and possibly fatal, problem in the Crusader Order.

No wonder Elion Bolton was so uncooperative with Ellen.

"No, you've been helpful enough, and whoever it is won't be able to touch Ludwig that easily."

It's clear that Ludwig's safety is politically secured. Louise can't help him directly, but her presence helps.

Ellen summarizes the situation.

"The Crusaders knew from the start that they were a group of mages, not just thieves, and I'm sure Rowen knew that as well."

"The Crusader leader said that Rowen, who investigated the incident, didn't share his findings with him after he returned, so he doesn't know what Rowen was doing, but I'm not sure that's true."

"It's not impossible that what he says is true. The five Popes are responsible for the management of the Five Great Houses of the Eclipse and the Templars, and if it's a direct order from the Pope, Rowen doesn't seem to have to report to the Templar."

"Anyway, Rowen would have known about the connection between the undead and wizards, so it makes sense that he would have investigated the case, focusing on paganism."

"The best we can tell is that Rowen was pursuing a case and offended some of the people involved in it, and that's why he was killed."

"I'm not sure if they're really Satanists."

"And why on earth did you approach Ludwig....... I don't know. I don't think it has anything to do with this case. I think he was targeting me, and I think his intentions have nothing to do with this case. I think so."

There's a lot of truth to be found.

But in the end, I couldn't get to the heart of the matter.

We have some idea of why Rowen was killed.

We're not even sure who killed it, but the candidates are narrowing down.

But where the hell are they.

The simpler the event, the harder it is to get to the truth, and the more complex the event, the easier it is to get to the truth.

But you end up with a bunch of clues, and you don't know where they each point.

Unable to distinguish between meaningful and meaningless clues, I was left with no conclusions because I had to consider everything.

"If it's some kind of satanic thing......."

Ludwig says cautiously.

"I was able to resurrect the ashes, kill the priest......."

Ludwig looks at Ellen hesitantly.

"What did the devil do....... maybe......?"

"......."

Ellen's eyes widened at the question, as did Louise's and Heinrich's.

Louise had heard Heinrich say today that the Devil might not be so evil after all, and that there might be a truth to the Gate that the world hadn't known.

Fetishism and demons are inseparable.

Either the cultists were acting at the behest of the devil, or the devil himself infiltrated the saints' graveyards, reanimated their remains as the undead, and then disappeared.

Ellen feels the headache coming on again, like her head is going to crack.

There's no way Reinhard would do this, Ellen thinks, gritting her teeth and trying to endure the pain.

"Unlikely."

"Is that......?"

It was Louise, not Ellen, who shook her head at Ludwig's doubts.

"We all don't know where the devil is, do we?"

"Yes......."

"Let's say the Devil did this, can we use that knowledge to find him and punish him?"

At Louise's words, Ludwig nods dumbfounded.

"That's right......."

"What reason does the devil have to kill that priest, when no one knows where he is, whether it turns out he did it or not?"

"ah......."

"So there's no reason to take the risk and have a demon raid the temple and kill all the people there."

If it's the devil who raised the remains of the catacombs.

And if Rowen was killed in the pursuit of that case.

The logical conclusion is that it was the Devil who killed Rowen.

However, there must be a reason for the demon to kill Rowen.

There is no reason why the Devil should have to find and kill the Inquisitor named Rowen who is after him.

The same is true for infamy.

The fact that the Demon has reanimated the remains of the saints of the Crusader Catacombs as undead does not hurt him, even if the world knows about it.

If you're going to be treated like you caused the gate incident, you might as well spread the word that you just brought back a corpse.

The demon killing Rowen is unlikely because it would have no reason or meaning.

The result is incorrect reasoning.

The demon has no reason to kill Rowen. So he wouldn't have killed her.

Rowen's killers are a faction of Crusader Catacombs grave robbers.

This completes the false inference that the Devil would not have been involved in the grave robbing of the saints.

"That's right, the Demon King is....... There's nothing to be gained by killing Rowen, only the risk of infiltrating the ecliptic and doing something like that."

Ellen, barely speaking through her headache, was thinking the same thing as Ruiz.

I don't think so, because I believe in Reinhardt.

Really, when you think about it, there is no reason why Reinhardt should kill Rowen.

The crime scene was ostentatious.

If you're going to grab it, grab it.

If that had been the only thing that happened, I would have assumed it was the work of the devil.

However, the murder of Rowen, who had been following the case, made it much less likely that the demon was responsible.

It was clear that Louise and Ellen's conclusion was the most logical one.

However, the world is far from rational.

So the probability of a rational judgment being wrong was always, always, always high.



* * *



Ellen said. If it's a simple case, there's nothing she can figure out.

That there might be something complicated, weird, and hidden that you can only figure out by doing it.

But the incident was hiding too many roots, and they weren't all there.

The priest doing the cleansing was the head of the inquisitors.

The Inquisitor was investigating the whereabouts and culprit of the stolen bones, and was capturing and torturing heretics.

And it's quite possible that the remains were not actually stolen, but rather resurrected through undeadization.

At the end of the day, you can't fix everything overnight.

Although the Devil's name was mentioned, Louise and Ellen decided that it was highly unlikely that the Devil was involved in this case, and Ludwig, who had raised questions, had no choice but to agree.

Return to the temple and make your way back to the Royal Class dormitory.

Ludwig's expression remained stony.

Regardless of who's involved and what the truth of the matter is, it doesn't change the fact that Ludwig has been deceived by Rowen all this time.

He didn't know what he was doing, and he didn't even suspect that he was being approached with any intentions.

I was terrified that the guards were killing civilians with impunity.

So when Rowen showed up, I jumped for joy.

We did it because we thought it was something that everyone needed, and we didn't think twice about it.

And when Rowen asked if he could be my bodyguard tomorrow and every day thereafter.

Ludwig felt like he had been saved.

But Rowen was an inquisitor, a man whose misdeeds were nothing compared to those of the guards.

There is no telling how many people have been tortured and killed at the hands of Rowen.

Ludwig didn't know that.

Even though Rowen's odd behavior suggested that she was not a normal person.

But he's doing what people need, so he must be a good guy.

That's what I vaguely thought.

Technically, I wanted to believe that Rowen was a good person, so I did.

Ludwig was a fool.

Rowen knew Ludwig before she met him, and ultimately Rowen was killed before she could accomplish what she wanted through Ludwig.

But if Rowen hadn't been murdered, she would have gotten what she wanted through Ludwig.

Whether that's killing Ellen to get rid of the Mercenary Order, or something else.

What if Rowen approached Ludwig with the intent to kill Ellen?

It's probably a good thing Rowen was killed.

Return to the temple.

Ludwig hated his weakness.

Disillusionment with yourself.

Hate.

Anger.

I thought I was getting there, until I met Rowen.

But I didn't recognize any of Rowen's names, and now I'm being pranked.

The comfort and security he finds in Rowen plunges Ludwig into a deeper hole.

Even though nothing had actually happened to her, Ellen and Louise had already sensed something was wrong with Rowen, even without knowing it. Even when he was killed, they sensed that he was no ordinary priest.

Ludwig only saw Lowen as a victim of injustice.

It was stupid, just stupid.

"......."

Now Ludwig could only hate his own foolishness.

Ellen, walking ahead, says.

"We have to assume that there are wizards among the cultists in the refugee camp, but it's also possible that warlocks are involved, not cultists. Or maybe that's more likely."

A lot depends on who the alleged culprit is.

For now, the devil is off the dragon's board.

Demonic forces that might be in the refugee camp.

Or wizards, including warlocks.

If the culprit is a cult, you should investigate the spread of the cult in the refugee camp.

We won't torture and kill civilians, but there are limits to our investigations.

Torture, aside from its brutality, is an excellent way to get information. Torture makes you vomit up information you don't even have.

If warlocks are involved, we'll need to know what the evidence is.

"I wonder if we can get this done before winter is over......."

Ellen looks up at the sky and sighs deeply.

What if a vast refugee camp was infiltrated by a demonic religion, and it wore the mantle of a warrior religion?

"Even if they weren't actually involved in this, it still doesn't change the fact that if they're wearing the hides of the warrior religions, and they're taking root in the refugee camps, they need to be taken out."

"......Yes."

The problem is.

Whether or not they are actually involved, the Demon Gods are a force that should not exist in the ecliptic.

Even if they have nothing to do with Rowen's work, finding them is something that must be done.

Rowen had told Ludwig that it was an appositive.

While working on a disease cleanup, he notices something suspicious going on in the refugee camp and takes action.

Rowen didn't fake the cleanup.

In fact, as they cleaned up the plague, they interrogated, tortured, and killed pagans when they found them.

Modalities.

He'd be helping people, and he'd be thinking about eradicating all of them if he could find them.

While saving people.

The Hypocrites were preparing for a massacre.

Rowen had already revealed himself to be an inquisitor, but Ludwig didn't realize it.

"That's a whole other issue, but I have something to think about."

Ellen says, this time looking at Louise.

It was Louise, not Heinrich or Ludwig.

"What is it?"

"The crusader leader has been hinting at it, and I don't think he's mistaken."

"Hint?"

"I was overly careful with my words, of course, because it's in front of me, because it's a case, because it's a case, because the Commander is here, but......."

Ellen says.

"He said that if there was something the popes were trying to hide from him, he couldn't know anything about it."

"......."

Louise was silent at Ellen's words.

It's not that I didn't have anything to say, I was just trying to figure out what to say.

Elion Bolton deliberately withheld information from Ellen, but eventually allowed her to see the scene with her own eyes. This was partly because he couldn't stop her.

"When nations come together, empires are formed and emperors are created, but in the Crusader Order, which was created by the five main orders, he said he was not an emperor."

Not every emperor in history was more powerful than every imperial vassal or king.

However, the Emperor of the Gradias Empire was indeed the supreme power of the continent, ruling over all of humanity's lands and wielding more power than any king in the empire.

However, the leader of the Crusader Knights, the Grand Master of the Crusader Knights, is, after all, only the Grand Master of the Knights, not the King or anything else.

"A man like Elion Bolton is not a great man to say such things because he wants power over the popes."

Louise is obviously not close to the current leader of the Crusader Knights, Elayon Bolton, but she knows what she needs to know: he is supported by the Empire not because he is a slave, but because he wants to maintain the status quo.

He doesn't want to make big changes in the first place.

It is unlikely that he spoke to Ellen because he had suddenly developed a lust for power that he had never had before, resented the five cardinal popes, and wanted to outwit them.

"The popes are deliberately hiding something from the head of the Knights Templar, and he is not authorized to find out what it is. That's what he implied to me."

Elion Bolton didn't say anything definitive.

If the popes are hiding something, I'm just saying I don't know about it.

"But this is an internal matter of the Crusaders, and I don't see how it has anything to do with Rowen's work, so I think approaching the popes would require a lot of thought."

While Ellen could interfere with any human power, she didn't want to get too involved in the internal affairs of the Crusader Knights; that's politics, and she knows not to mess with that.

In the end, it's the same perspective as Ludwig's.

People die, are sacrificed, or monsters appear.

It's easy to get your hands dirty with such things.

But when Ellen suddenly shows up at a papal meeting of the Five Patriarchs and tells you that from now on you're going to treat the head of the Crusader Knights as if he's above you, it's hard to know how that's going to end, whether or not that's possible.

It could be for the best, but it could also be for the worst.

"If this were simply a power struggle between the Crusader Grand Master and the Great Patriarch, it would be none of our business."

"I suppose."

"But if the popes were involved in this....... I don't know what to do."

Too dangerous to touch.

Something that may not be relevant to the case, but if it is, you shouldn't know about it.

"What a headache......."

You may know something about the Popes of the Five Great Houses that the Crusader Knights do not.

I'm already meddling in the internal affairs of the Crusaders, and I didn't think I'd be getting into something more complicated.





