Episode 596.





There's no need to move quickly.

The opponent is a mysterious force that can raid a temple with the leader of the Inquisition and wreak carnage.

It's unclear at this point whether they are a group of mages, a cult, or a third force that is neither.

The important thing is that they don't leave their pursuers alone, and it's very likely that they'll try to touch not only the warrior, but also the princess of the Schwarz family.

At least in that respect, the Temple is safe, if not the Temple of the Inquisitors disguised as the decrepit Temple of Tuan.

You don't want to provoke them by moving too quickly.

So for now, Ellen was going to wait in the Royal Class dormitory, hoping that Anna de Guerna would give her some kind of clue.

You'll also need to think carefully about how you approach internal Crusader matters.

For now, we'll wait and see what happens.

Ludwig lives in a class B dormitory.

Ellen, Louise, and Heinrich were in the A-class dormitory.

It was snowing, and I needed to organize my thoughts.

Heinrich is no superhuman, so he retires to his room to rest after a long day of traveling.

Louise is sitting on the couch in the lobby, collecting her thoughts, when she sees Ellen, freshly washed, walking down the hall with a towel around her neck.

"Is something wrong?"

"ah......."

Ellen looks at Louise and shakes her head.

"Have you seen the cat?"

"Um......? Is it gone?"

Pets have never been Louise's thing, but if it's Ellen's pampered cat, things are serious.

When Louise hesitated, not knowing what to say, Ellen shook her head.

"No, I usually wander off on my own a lot, even in the garrison, and I'll be back in no time."

If you don't see her, she's probably wandering around the other dorms," Ellen says nonchalantly, and sits down across from Louise and begins to dry her hair with a towel, running it through her fingers.

Warrior, Ellen Artorius.

His brother Lagan Artorius' reputation had already faded.

The next great warrior, Ellen Artorius, has grown in stature.

It's a bit of a clunker and a bit of a mouthful.

So it was a girl of that age.

"Do you like cats?"

"......."

At Louise's question, Ellen's brow narrows in thought for a moment.

"I don't think so."

"Yeah......?"

"Yes."

After making sure there are no cats around, Ellen stares out the snowy window.

"Even now, I don't think I'm raising them....... they just come to me from time to time, I guess."

She adds that she doesn't recognize him as her cat, but rather as a friend who visits occasionally.

In fact, Ellen seemed to assume that the cat was just wandering around somewhere, rather than getting anxious when she couldn't see it.

"I hope it's not outside."

It's cold, and it's snowing.

So I wish I was walking around in a royal class dormitory instead of outside.

Ellen said and continued to dry her hair.

The Cat Warrior.

Louise couldn't help but giggle as she thought back to yesterday, when Ellen had insisted on petting the cat.

How did you get to where you are today while seemingly not thinking about it?

When Ludwig asked for help, I nodded and said I would help him, no questions asked.

I knew it was risky, but I stayed ahead of the curve and knew where I needed to go with my quick thinking and judgment.

She's wise, quick to judge, doesn't hesitate to help others, and is already strong in her own right.

She doesn't look like a warrior, but it's all the things that are hidden in her seemingly ordinary appearance that make her a warrior.

To Louise von Schwarz, Ellen Artorius was a stranger.

A son's classmate, a warrior, the owner of two holy objects, and the hope of mankind.

This isn't the first time we've met in person.

I've seen Ellen fight before.

But it's also about walking around with a cat, having a conversation with friends, or dealing with a problem.

It was definitely the first time I'd ever seen such a human face.

Louise is unfamiliar with the human side of such a warrior.

In the end, I couldn't help but like it.

Ellen entered the Temple with her overly heavy brother's name hidden.

Although she was already the owner of the relic, only a few people knew who Ellen was.

After all, warriors are the need of the hour.

Just as Lagan Artorius became a warrior because there was a Demon War.

After the events of the Last Demon and the Gate, Ellen Artorius is called a warrior.

Even Reinhard the Demon was considered a hero until his true identity was discovered.

Everyone was shocked to learn that there were two warriors, but one was a demon wearing a warrior's leathers.

With her son's suggestion that the devil might not be evil after all, Louise didn't know what to make of it.

After all, Louise isn't ignoring Ellen.

If all this hadn't happened.

If the Gate debacle hadn't happened, I'd have a different life.

Louise was a princess and heir to the House of Schwarz, so she would have been living as a royal princess even if the Gate hadn't happened.

But Ellen is different.

Ellen was a commoner.

If it weren't for the gate incident, I would have been destined for a normal life.

The Gate debacle made Ellen the most important person in the world.

If all this hadn't happened.

Ellen would have lived a normal life, not having to carry any heavy burdens.

"If all this hadn't happened."

"Is that ......?"

"What do you think they're doing right now?"

"......."

Ellen is stunned into silence by Louise's question.

"You wouldn't want to live like this, would you?"

"...... did."

Everyone sees Ellen only as a warrior. But Louise saw the human side of Ellen beneath that title, yesterday and today.

It made her wonder what kind of life he wanted, what kind of desires he had.

Even though I know it's pointless to talk about it now.

Ellen stares out the window in disbelief at Louise's question.

If all this hadn't happened.

"He was probably going to the temple."

I'm still at the Temple, but without the gate incident, the Temple would have been packed with students.

Even if you weren't that close, over time you'd probably have a small talk with everyone.

That's still the case today, but we wouldn't have had to build that sad friendship we can only call comradeship.

And.

No one would have died in a tangle of broken and tangled relationships.

There's no such thing as someone who can't be here.

If you were in that situation.

If all this hadn't happened.

Ellen looks out the window.

I wouldn't have had to look at those cursed eyes, cursed eyes.

Assuming everything hasn't changed, if it were to snow like this.

No.

A piece of the memory of that day naturally comes to mind.

Reinhardt smirks as he shoves a snowball into Herriot's mouth.

I remember sitting on the terrace in winter, eating beef stew on a quiet snowy night.

It wasn't a very special day.

That's what I thought at the time, too.

You'll look back on this later.

You'll realize that these days won't last forever, and you'll realize that every day you took for granted, every day you spent like that, was special.

So Ellen had a vague idea.

It's good enough.

I don't even want more.

Friends.

And loved ones.

I used to think that just being able to be there was enough.

At the end of the day, it's just a story.

It's not like I didn't know.

The days you thought you'd never come back from, just became the days you couldn't come back from.

It wasn't the way I envisioned it, but it's the kind of story that ends up happening.

And he was the one who broke it all.

If I could go back in time.

I wish I could pretend everything never happened and stayed the same.

What was I doing now.

"...... would have been building a snowman."

"Snowman......?"

"Yes."

Ellen says, "That's it.

In the piling snow, as it used to be.

Eat or drink something while watching the snow fall.

Or build a snowman.

That's all they would have been doing.

It's not great, it's not great, it's not great.

Ordinary days like that.

For those special occasions.

would have been living.



* * *



By the next day, Anna de Guerna hadn't returned.

Anna wasn't the only one, Christina and Louis Ankton, who had been working on their research, hadn't returned either.

It is also possible that the story was not told because the research being done at the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry was not relevant to the three.

If so, everyone would have to wait in the dorms because we wouldn't know where they were doing their research.

Above all, it's time to be cautious.

Yesterday, I was all over the place, irritating people who didn't need to be irritated.

One day was enough for me to make hasty moves when I didn't know who the enemy was.

Two days of waiting in the temple.

Anna de Guerna still hasn't returned.

"Is he usually gone this long?"

At Louise's question, Ludwig nodded.

"Yeah, it doesn't usually come back well......."

The four of them gathered in the Class B dormitory, waiting for Anna to return.

"I don't think meeting him is going to give you a spiky number, so....... Why don't you look up the warlocks in the temple?"

"Maybe back in the days when the temple was running, but I don't think I can find it now."

Warlocks are no different, as the vast majority of wizards have been dispatched. Most of them would be in Allied garrisons.

"Hmmm......."

I wasn't in a hurry to move, but I couldn't help but get antsy as I was spending my time pointlessly waiting for Anna, who might return at any moment.

So we'd all get together in the B class dorm and sit around all day.

Ellen stroked the back of the sleeping cat sitting on her lap.

The next thing I knew, she was sleeping soundly on Ellen's bed this morning. She'd left the door slightly ajar, inviting him to come and go as he pleased, so the cat felt right at home in Ellen's room.

"The snow still hasn't stopped falling."

Heinrich looked out the window, worried.

My eyes were weakening, but I wasn't about to stop.

"It looks like the Imperial Mages have been called in to clear the snow, and I hear the mages in the Allied garrisons are making a huge comeback."

"That's good......."

Heinrich nodded at Ludwig's words.

Inside the temple, I could see through the window as the guards cleared the snow.

Many of the students have left to help with the snow removal, and they wait for Anna, who doesn't know when she'll be back. She's just trying to ask a question, and even though she knows it's not a great hint, it's all she can do right now.

You could try to contact the five patriarchs, but that's risky.

With a few more clues, Ruiz and Ellen decided to make a move.

I don't know how long I sat in the lobby like that.

-delay

Louise sees a dorm door open and a student walk down the hallway to go somewhere.

A slow, lanky student, walking slowly, with an almost sobbing appearance.

"Uh, Detto."

The student didn't respond to Ludwig's greeting, but simply nodded slightly and walked past him.

"Hi."

Ellen's greeting was met with only a slight nod, and the student went on his way without paying much attention.

In the two days she's been waiting in the dormitory, Louise has seen him a few times. She stares at the back of his head.

"Did you say Detomorian....... ?"

"Yes."

"Well....... Hmm....... You seem like a weird kid."

Louise took a moment to choose the least rude thing to say.

I haven't watched it for long, but I can't help but have a strong impression of the Detomorian. Everyone inevitably gets a spooky, ominous feeling.

"He's misunderstood, but he's a good friend."

Ellen nodded in agreement with Ludwig.

At that, Louise was visibly flustered.

"No, I don't mean like a bad kid......."

"Sister, I know what you're saying. I know....... I haven't talked to her much."

Heinrich was still hesitant because of the spooky aura of the Detomorian.

Detomorian doesn't give Louise, a stranger in his dorm, a second glance, and just goes about his business. He doesn't care who says hello or who's there.

Louise knew something about Heinrich's classmate.

Of course, seeing it with your own eyes is different.

"You said talent was a witchcraft, didn't you?"

"Yes."

A Detomorian with a talent for witchcraft.

"What the hell is witchcraft?"

Louise's question made Heinrich and Ludwig look dubious.

"I don't know....... I don't know."

Even Ludwig, who had lived with him for many years, had no idea what witchcraft was.

Something like magic. But not magic.

"We don't know how it manifests, but it's definitely a way of dealing with power, and I've seen it a few times myself."

"You saw it yourself?"

"Yes."

Instead, it was Ellen who answered.

Long ago, Ellen had watched the Detomorian ritual of awakening the cursed sword Tiamata with Reinhardt.

Then I saw Detomorian praying for peace with Bertus and Savior Tana.

The amulet that now hangs around Ellen's neck was also carved by Dettomorian.

Ellen doesn't know if the amulet around her neck is really protecting her.

Dettomorian said to pray that the amulet would be a signpost to protect the soul.

So we just do that.

We don't know if it's really working. But let's hope so.

That's the nature of witchcraft.

Louise didn't really believe Ellen when she said she'd seen the spell manifest a few times. Ellen would say something like that because she had seen it.

"That's interesting."

Louise crosses her arms.

"If witchcraft is a manifestation of power, is it a way of dealing with mana or a form of divine power?"

A more fundamental question.

Is witchcraft magic or faith?

All three of us had a puzzled look on our faces.

"I don't know, but I've heard that witchcraft is the most primitive form of magic."

That's about all Heinrich knows, and even then, it's a story most ordinary people wouldn't even know. He only knew because one of his classmates was a Detomorian with an unusual talent for witchcraft.

Before there was any organized magic in the world, shamans were the first wizards.

That's why witchcraft is a primitive form of magic.

Ellen knows that.

But I hadn't thought about witchcraft.

I couldn't help but think that was pretty bizarre.

When Detomorian performed a ritual on Tiamata. And when I saw him praying for peace.

The word "origin" in the first place.

"However, when I'm actually using it, I tend to use something more like a prayer....... or something like that."

Louise looks at Ellen with interest.

"Is this magic manifested through prayer? Is that even possible in the first place?"

Magic is the "art" of refining and using mana, either in or out of the body, according to set formulas and theories. It is the way of mages.

But prayer is literally asking for the power itself to manifest. That's the way of the priests.

"I see."

Ellen listens to Louise and realizes that something is not right.

"Witchcraft, I think, is a very strange power."

You can't tell if a spell is really magic or not.

It has no set formula or theory. Therefore, it is not a technology.

It is not a prayer to the Great Lords, nor does it derive its power from the power of the Great Lords.

Where does the power of the spell come from?

If it's not borrowing, then it must be a skill, like wizards, and I don't see any skill in spells.

Witchcraft is a very strange power.

"Isn't that weird......?"

While Ellen and Louise are in the midst of their thoughts, Ludwig walks in through the cracks.

"A force that isn't magic and isn't divine actually works, isn't that weird?"

At Louise's question, Ludwig shakes his head.

"If it's actually the weird rituals of people who don't believe in anything that's causing the weird things to happen, I don't know if you're a pagan....... If it's actually the weird rituals of people who don't believe in anything that's doing the work....... I was just wondering if there could be enough of that going on."

Ludwig merely recalled Lowen's words.

The pagans would pray in strange places, and it might not work, but sometimes it did.

I don't think they did anything magical. But here's what really happens.

"Is witchcraft really that different from pagan rituals....... Is this it?"

"Well, that's not what I meant."

When Ludwig realized what he had said, he panicked.

What Ludwig was trying to say was that it wasn't so strange for witchcraft to work.

Ludwig was tempted to bite his tongue, however, for he had just said that the Dettomorians were no better than pagans.

"No."

Ellen looked at Ludwig, who was puzzled, and shook her head.

"Now that I think about it, maybe it was Dettomorian we should be looking for, not Anna."

The pagans in the refugee camps. Or the fiends.

If they're involved in this case, it's not Anna you should be looking for, but rather Dettomorian.

Praying to an unidentified power and having it answer you.

If the cause of the incident is a pagan ritual, it may be a shaman, not a warlock, you're looking for.

Detomorian has just left the dorm.

"Let's go there."

"Detto was away a lot, do you know where he went?"

At Ludwig's question, Ellen nodded.

That spooky, bizarre space.

The basement of the frat house.

Ellen knows that the Detomorian prays there every day.





