Episode 598.





The four of them left the club building where the Dettomorians were and returned to the Royal Class dormitory.

The original purpose was to ask if the rituals of the pagans in the refugee camps could turn the remains of the saints into the undead.

Then Ludwig heard a prophecy about his death.

And when Ludwig didn't back down from that, he gave a hint of frustration.

But the implication is also bizarre.

Find your friend, Ashur, who is already dead.

What the hell does that have to do with this case, the connection is so tenuous that I can't even figure out what it means.

"That asshole, he's crazy, but he's solidly crazy."

Heinrich frowned, as if he didn't like the Dettomorian.

"No, Heinrich. Detto was just trying to stop me, you know."

"If you know, you ought to tell me what you know. You ought to tell me what's going on. Just ignore him. He's a lost cause. You think I haven't seen one or two people go crazy from war, you know that?"

Everyone was on the front lines.

We all know that it's not uncommon for people to lose their minds in the horrors of war.

How many have been driven mad by the death of their comrades, the horrors of battle, the pain of injury, and the terror that the monsters exude.

There are many people who have been maimed and can no longer hold a weapon, let alone live a normal life.

All four of us in this room have seen the madness of such wars and the people who go mad in them.

"Never mind the asshole, what's this about Ashur? I thought he was a sullen but sane man......."

"The youngest."

Heinrich's harsh words finally got Louise to speak up.

"It's ......."

"Witchcraft is a force we don't know, and the shaman is someone we don't know."

"......."

"But even if it's an unknown force, you've seen people."

Louise looks at Heinrich.

"I didn't see him as a kid who misused his strength, and I didn't see him as a kid who misused his mind."

"But....... Isn't it just confusing, too....... Wouldn't it be better if you could tell us what you're talking about?"

Heinrich wasn't exactly wrong when he said that Ludwig's death would be more than a curse after all.

"I don't know of any other shamans who can give me an example, so I'm guessing he's doing it for a reason."

"What Detomorian meant when he said that doesn't mean anything if we talk about it now."

"......."

At Louise's urging and Ellen's words, Heinrich was forced to remain silent.

Ellen looks at Ludwig.

If he pursues this, Ludwig will die.

We don't know how or in what way it will die.

But Ludwig knew that death was not worthless, and he was determined.

It's okay to break that resolution.

You're out.

Is it right to say that.

"I, I don't believe in dying."

As if he knows what Ellen's gaze means, Ludwig gives her a stern look.

"I don't doubt Detho, but I do believe I can do something, and if I'm dead at the end of it, it's my fault, not his."

"......."

We pick and choose what we want to believe. Even lies are believed, so why not the truth?

I don't believe in death, but I do believe that the journey to it won't be meaningless.

"Yeah."

Ellen looks at Ludwig's determination and nods.

You can't break Ludwig's stubbornness.

Ludwig has been beaten too many times already, and if he is beaten this time, he will wither alive.

The look on their faces, as if they were living something worse than death, would be living in misery worse than death.

"I said you're going to die, not when."

The shaman said he would die, not when.

You don't have to be a shaman to predict that you're going to die, because you're going to die someday.

Ludwig decides to falsify the shaman's prophecy instead.

Ellen also tries not to think about Ludwig's death. Maybe it's not true.

Death is so prevalent that it's easy to make death predictions, but not everyone dies.

It's entirely possible that they were wrong.

If we rule Ludwig out for now, he's off to find another death.

Rather, it's better to keep it in sight.

"What does he mean by 'find Ashur'?"

Next issue.

To find Ashur.

What does it mean when it says you'll know then.

It's just a bunch of bullshit. If, in fact, the Detomorian is just a nutcase, then we can just dismiss it as malicious bullshit and that's that.

But that's a bit of a stretch.

If you're telling me to visit the five great patriarchs, or to go back to the field, I have a feeling.

It's so out of the blue and unexpected that it's bizarre.

Where the hell am I supposed to find an already dead Ashur?

There's only one conclusion to be drawn from the story of finding a friend who's already dead.

"Should I visit Ashur's tomb at....... to visit his grave?"

Ludwig's words left us all wondering what to do next.

The shaman's words further muddied the waters.

Ellen nods slowly.

"Going to ...... may be pointless, but it can't be a bad thing."

The person who left.

Finding his grave may put everyone in a miserable mood, but it's impossible to make it worse.



* * *



All four exited the temple.

The four of them walked cautiously, fearing that the Crusaders or whatever faction had sensed their trail might be following or watching.

Ashur was gifted with divine powers.

Ashur took on the role of a priest, healing soldiers in the rear.

They were torn apart by a rear-guard assault of flying monsters.

It was hard to even look at the devastation of the bodies we had barely recovered.

The bodies of those who have done enough in the war are buried in national cemeteries in the northern part of the ecliptic.

Most of the students in the Royal Class have distinguished themselves in war, and while Ashar hasn't fought in combat himself, he has saved countless lives.

Since Ashur was not a member of the Crusaders, his grave is in the National Cemetery.

"I should have looked up ......."

Ludwig sighed in self-reproach, wondering if he had been so lost in his own despair that he hadn't even thought of his friend's grave.

The same was true for Heinrich and Ellen.

We had a long way to go, as the horse-drawn train was not running, so we had to cross the Grand River and travel north to the Imperial Palace.

In the streets, there were guards shoveling snow, and people who were familiar to Ellen, Heinrich, and Ludwig from the royal class.

-curl!

A wind that blows snow off the streets, and a superhuman who can control it.

I was able to watch him from afar.

-Wow!

-It's a superpower!

There was also a sad and wistful picture of the senior driving his children around while being embarrassed by the snow removal he was doing with his superpower.

A psychic who used to shred monsters with his wind blades.

The wind elementalist, who had been almost as powerful as Heinrich, was no more or less than a stranger to the children now.

-Ouch! Kids, it's dangerous, stay away!

Ludwig and Heinrich smiled bitterly as they watched a man who should have been called a war hero struggle with a crowd of children.

After all of this.

We all look forward to the day when superpowers like fire and wind are just a bit of a novelty.

A world where their power doesn't matter is a world of peace.

Hoping for peace, the four walk.

To find out the truth about deaths that have already happened.

With death to come.

Toward the grave of a dead friend.

Walking down a snowy street.



* * *



All four were first-timers at the Zodiac National Cemetery.

Ludwigina Heinrich only learned later that after a brief funeral in the Allied camp, Ashur's body was transported to the Yellow Road for burial. I hadn't realized that the bodies of those who served were laid to rest in national cemeteries.

In Ellen's case, she was one of the busiest people in the Alliance in the first place, so she wasn't even able to attend Ashur's abbreviated funeral.

Not to mention in Louise's case.

So it wasn't long before I knew where Ashur's tomb was.

"Is that....... National Cemetery?"

Guards lined up in front of the massive main gate, eye-to-eye, guarding the entrance to the national cemetery.

And in front of the cemetery's main entrance, people braved the snow to enter.

It wasn't a very long queue due to the weather.

Naturally, Ellen would ignore such a queue, but she naturally stood behind him with her group.

I didn't want to give away my identity, so I said nothing.

But everyone has their own ideas.

If people were visiting the cemetery in this weather, they were there for a reason.

Why would you want to visit a national cemetery in this weather and wait in the snow to get in?

He was bereaved.

It was probably visited by people related to the dead as a memorial.

We all watched with a sinking feeling as visitors from all walks of life waited to enter.

How long have I been waiting.

Once the person in front of Ellen had checked in, she was allowed in, and one by one, the rest of her group began to check in.

"Hey....... Warrior?"

Ellen's face is well known, so the sudden appearance of a warrior as a worshipper is bound to cause an uproar among the guards at the gate.

"I want to be able to walk around quietly."

"Yes, yes! I get it."

The guards were surprised that he didn't want to draw attention to himself, but cautioned the others not to make a scene.

Since Ellen's face was her identity, the identification of the other three was only abbreviated.

Ellen and her companions slipped past the guards and set out after being told by the desk where Ashar's tomb was located.

We're all thinking the same thing.

It's natural to get a little melancholy when you realize you're going to a friend's grave.

At the same time, I'm thinking.

What clues are there in this white, snowy graveyard?

There is no such thing.

Maybe Dettomorian was actually saying that to remind us of something we'd forgotten.

But what was it about finding Ashur that he said he would know.

The inside of the cemetery wasn't plowed like the rest of the streets, so it was a slippery walk.

"That's a lot of room......."

Ludwig muttered to himself as he looked at the national cemetery.

The National Cemetery was located at the northern tip of the ecliptic realm.

Now there are refugee camps just beyond that tipping point, but back then it would have taken us completely off the ecliptic.

"It wouldn't have been this big originally."

"ah......."

Heinrich let out a small gasp at Ellen's words.

You don't need to know the details to make a prediction.

The national cemetery north of the ecliptic inevitably went through two rounds of expansion.

The first during the Demon War.

Second after the gate debacle.

War takes a lot of lives, and graves for the fallen inevitably fill up.

So just by looking at an outline of the National Cemetery, Ellen could tell which areas were the graves of Demon War veterans and which were expanded after the Gate incident.

Now the four of them are headed to Ashur's tomb.

An expanded graveyard after the Gate debacle.

"You mean this grave is all....... graves after the Gate debacle......?"

Ludwig mumbles something, and Heinrich nods.

Now, instead of looking to Ashur's tomb for clues, they're just overwhelmed by the ubiquity of death.

So many are dead and buried.

Even these graves are few in number compared to the dead.

Still, it was overwhelming.

An unfathomable number of deaths.

But it pales in comparison to all the deaths that have occurred since Gate.

Even that tiny grave was overwhelming to the beholder.

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"I wonder how many people died......."

"More than 95 percent of all cities have been destroyed."

Louise says.

"I guess you could say he's just as dead."

Most of the city was destroyed, so it's not a stretch to assume that the population was depopulated on the scale of the destruction. In fact, it could be worse.

Even if 5% of all humans died, that's a lot of death.

But the opposite.

About 95 percent of them are dead.

I can't even begin to fathom it, so I'm going to have to say it as a percentage.



* * *



A cemetery is a place where you can't help but think about death.

We look at the dead and infer what their lives were like.

Thinking about what my death will be like.

In conclusion, life.

You can't help but think about how you're going to live.

It's a space where death is on display, and it makes you think about life.

What life is.

What is a reason to live.

It's a space that forces you to face the simple truth that all humans die, so you can't help but think about living.

Not Ellen, not Heinrich, not Louise.

And Ludwig, who was told that death awaited him.

Walk still in your own thoughts.

Walking through the vast snowy graveyard, Ellen and the others soon found themselves in front of Ashur's tomb.

Gifted with divine powers, Ashur healed many wounded soldiers.

He died in the line of duty, not to kill something, but to save it.

"Ashar......."

Ludwig stares at the tombstone.

Not everyone cried.

It wasn't that I was trying to forget, but I was so caught up in the war that I couldn't think about my friend's death.

When winter passes and the army marches again in the spring, the three will return to the battlefield, except for Ludwig. Worry belongs to those without work.

Only Ludwig would remain here to contemplate death and life.

The reality is that people on the battlefield, living so close to death, are too busy to think about it.

Ludwig stares at the tombstone in silence.

I'd rather see the Dettomorian prophecy come true.

I'd rather do something, anything, than stand in front of my friend's tombstone and feel self-conscious for surviving.

Even if there is death at the end of it.

I wish I had a role.

It doesn't have to be as big a role as Ellen.

You don't need to have Heinrich's superpowers.

You don't have to be a commander like Ruiz.

A pawn on the battlefield would be nice.

For those who have been sacrificed, for those who will be sacrificed.

I want to fight.

"......."

Ludwig sat for a while in front of the tombstone and then got up.

We were all shaken, but no one was shaking.

"So......."

Louise opens her mouth to speak.

I'm not going to turn anyone's grave, but there are some things that need to be said, even if it means being uncomfortable.

"What is the significance of this place....... I don't know."

Not surprisingly, Ruiz doesn't know many Temple students.

So Louise looks at everyone's face, assuming that if there is a clue, it's something she doesn't know.

Heinrich wanted to dismiss Dettomorian's words as nonsense.

But even if it is bullshit, this level of bullshit is overly obnoxious and offensive.

Visiting a dead classmate's grave will tell you everything.

"This is weird, even a sane person wouldn't do something like this......."

Heinrich, therefore, felt that if Dettomorian's words were false, they were so unpleasant a lie that he had doubts as he stood before Ashur's tomb.

It's not going to be fun for you, and it's not going to be fun for the people who traveled all the way north of the ecliptic to do it.

"Do you see anything......?"

Ludwig looks at Ellen as if asking for help.

All else aside, Ludwig continued to watch Ellen make decisions and moves smarter than him.

Ludwig doesn't know anything right now, and he stares at Ellen, wondering if she might know something.

However, in this case, it's not that Ludwig is stupid and doesn't realize anything.

"I have no idea."

Ellen had no clue.

"What does Ashur have to do with the theft of Crusader remains and the deaths of Inquisitors?"

In Heinrich's words, he's done stranger things than searching for nymphs in a well. He only did it because he believed the Dettomorians had uncanny powers of foresight.

"I'm going to go back and confront him, grab him by the scruff of the neck and ask him why he said that, and he'll say something."

Heinrich became increasingly frustrated. Heinrich could barely speak at all, or if he did, it was only in vague terms and nothing direct.

Ellen says, looking at Heinrich, who is starting to get excited.

"Calm down. Detomorian is....... I'm sure he didn't mean to tell us that, and if he didn't, he had his reasons, and it's not like we're in trouble if we can't find any clues here anyway."

If the Detomorian's clues don't mean anything anyway, you're not in trouble, and you're not in a trap.

Heinrich sighed at Ellen's words.

"Ellen....... I get what you're saying, and maybe I'm being unreasonably angry, but it's completely unfounded. What we're doing here has nothing to do with what we're after. The only thing they have in common is that the Crusader underground is a graveyard, and this place we're from is a graveyard......."

"......?"

"We have one thing in common....... in common?"

I'm not sure what the connection is, but it's not like they have nothing in common.

Whatever they were, they all had one thing in common: they were cemeteries.





