Episode 600.





Dawn, December 3.

A graveyard of Crusader saints has been found stolen.

That same day, the evening of December 3.

The National Cemetery also found evidence of grave robbing attempts, and the cemetery has since tightened access controls to keep grave robbers at bay.

While it's not impossible that the two events are unrelated, the overlap in dates is too suspicious.

If it's the same person, is the work at the national cemetery a failure?

"That's where we just went."

"Yes."

The four of them left the ranger station and headed back to the cemetery.

This time, however, we're not heading to Ashur's tomb.

After confirming the location of the tomb where the attempted grave robbery took place with the caretaker, we were on our way to the site.



The superintendent offered to show her around, but Ellen refused.

You have to see it to believe it.

Of course, it's snowing like this and it's been a while since the incident, so I don't know what going there would tell me.

Just as we learned something in the basement of the Crusaders, we thought we might learn something by checking it out.

"What the hell happened to....... What the hell happened?"

Ludwig felt like he was going to burst, not only because the case was so different from the one he'd started, but also because his head was spinning with the direction of the trail.

"Whatever happened, one thing is for sure."

Heinrich chews on his lip.

"What I thought was crazy ramblings from a crazy person, turned out not to be crazy."

Heinrich's self-pitying mutterings were a way of kicking himself for ignoring what the Dettomorian had just said.

"We had two things in common, not one."

Louise says, looking around the snowy national cemetery.

"What do you mean, two?"

In response to Ellen's question, Louise keeps her answer short.

"Something called a cemetery."

They had already left the administration center and walked a long way into the graveyard of the fallen.

"That it's a place where people of extraordinary power are buried."

What they have in common is a cemetery.

Beyond that, even the buried had one more thing in common: a place where the chosen ones were buried.

When we had a single crime scene, we had to consider all the issues stemming from that scene.

However, if you have one more site, you need to consider intersections between sites.

You should consider the things they have in common as stronger clues.

Louise spits out a white breath, and Najik says.

"If they were trying to create undead here too, and if the same thing happened in both places, then....... it's unlikely that this was done out of revenge or hatred for the Five Great Houses."

When the Crusader Catacombs were the scene of a crime, we had to consider that it might have been done out of anger at the Crusaders or the Five Great Houses. The very insult of turning the remains of saints into undead could be revenge.

However, the site is now home to the Zodiac National Cemetery, which has little to do with the Crusader Knights.

Then the purpose is not revenge.

And intersection.

The tombs of the saints, where those who had great power in life are buried.

The Ecliptic National Cemetery, where those who served in the Demon War in their lifetime and those who served after the Gate Crisis are buried.

What they have in common is that they are places where the mighty are buried.

"All other explanations aside, if the same thing was attempted here, the perpetrators' objective would be rather simple than complex."

"......I see."

Ellen nods, as if she knows what Louise is going to say even if she doesn't, and Louise mumbles to herself.

Too many clues and the case falls into chaos.

But once you find the commonalities between the clues, the guessing gets easier.

Through the commonalities between the increasingly fuzzy events and clues, they get closer to the truth.

"I just needed a powerful undead."

All the emotional words like anger, revenge, and hate have lost their power as clues.

It's not uncommon for reasoning to get sidetracked in the face of complex interests and forces.

If the perpetrators were here, and their intentions were consistent with what they were doing in the Crusader underground, then the truth is clear.

The undead were an end, not a means.

We needed undead.

Strong undead.

Therefore, the perpetrators may have had a very simple intention: to find the graves of the powerful.

Louise von Schwarz judged.



* * *



Ellen stopped in front of a cemetery that didn't look much different from any other.

"Here it is."

A total of five graves in the neighborhood were believed to have been grave robbed. The grass covering the graves was overturned, so the conclusion was that the graves were not actually grave robbed.

Whether it was stolen or not, the administration had no choice but to tighten up access controls based on the presumption that an attempt had been made.

It's literally a national cemetery where war heroes are buried.

Each one of them is a graveyard of heroes. So it's no wonder that if even one cemetery was stolen, not to mention the head of the organization, the heads of everyone involved would be blown off.

Of course, with the naked eye, you can't even tell if there was a grave robbery attempt. Both the headstone and the ground were buried under snow in the first place.

Ellen looks around.

Given the weather, mourners have been few and far between.

"This is an inconspicuous place."

"I see."

Because it was tucked away in a corner, it was hard to see this spot from the center of the cemetery, obscured by the trees.

It's a place where you can steal, perform strange rituals, and even get away with a lot of weird stuff if it's nighttime.

Ellen dusted the snow off the tombstones and checked off the names on each of them where the alleged theft had occurred, then looked back at Heinrich.

"Heinrich, melt the snow."

"Okay."

So far, I've refrained from using my powers to avoid drawing attention to myself, but this is an inconspicuous location and there are no mourners around.

And now, it doesn't matter who's watching.

-Woof!

Heinrich's summoned flame radiates heat and begins to melt the thick layer of snow in an instant.

Ellen, Louise, and Ludwig felt the heat of the flames burning their faces in real time.

How long has it been.

Even as the snow melted, the ground in the cemetery was bare.

The grass, wilted and browned by winter, hung limply from the melted snow.

Five cemeteries.

The flat ground behind that headstone.

If there was an attempt to steal, it means there was an attempt to dig.

Ellen pawed at the flat grass of the cemetery where the attempted grave robbery had taken place, and soon, with a few tugs on the ground, she pulled a clump of grass out of the ground.

"Eh, Ellen......!"

Ludwig was horrified to see Ellen desecrating the cemetery with her own hands, but Ellen shook her head.

"I didn't force it, it was just the way it was."

Grass is naturally intertwined with its roots. Even in winter, if a lawn's roots break off, they won't reconnect.

So Ellen pulled up some of the grass that was broken in the first place, along with a pile of dirt.

"Looks like the admins did a pretty thorough job, they could have just let it slide."

At first glance, it doesn't even look like there's anything wrong with it, although the ground has probably been smoothed and repaired since the site was discovered to make it look less unnatural.

If it weren't for the fact that one of the cemetery managers is a very good snowboarder, I would have let it slide.

Louise nodded slowly at Ellen's words.

"It could have been found by mourners, not administrators. If it was my family or friends' grave, I'd look more closely."

"I see."

Although the warden said it was brought to the attention of administrators, it's entirely possible that someone in the mourning crowd spotted it and told the administration.

By not telling her that the mourners had found it, the warden could have been lying to her, literally. And for Ellen, that's the kind of lie she'll forgive.

Mourners or caretakers saw an unnatural filling of dirt and grass on the grave and assumed it was an attempted grave robbery.

The site was then repaired by administrators to make it look like everything was fine.

Ellen looked closely at the ground and could see the unnatural shape of the mounds of earth in the graveyard.

See it with your own eyes.

I came to see.

And no, Ellen didn't come to see the grass.

"Ellen......."

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"Hey, is this okay......?"

Heinrich mumbles to himself.

I don't need to tell you what Ellen is going to do from here on out, because you should be able to figure it out by now.

"I don't think so."

Ellen has a little blue magic in each hand.

There's only one thing you need to do to know what happened here.

Visualization.

-Poof!

Ellen sells land with her bare hands.

To check the grave.

Ellen starts digging.



* * *



The superintendent offers to accompany her, but Ellen refuses, and for good reason.

And even though we didn't all come in and tell each other what to do, we all knew we had to do these things.

Even if they knew there was an attempted grave robbery, they can't do the crazy thing of digging up the grave themselves.

But Ellen has a different possibility in mind, and she has to do it herself.

I didn't need anyone to help me do what Ellen was doing.

Ludwig, unable to stand by and watch, tried to raise a hand, but Ellen told him to move out of the way.

It was all done with my bare hands and no shovel, but it didn't take long.

She's a master class superhuman whose whole body is a weapon, so when Ellen starts digging with her whole body, she's soon digging and breaking up the frozen soil, and soon, she's digging a deep hole.

"There's a body."

From the bottom of the pit, Ellen says, covered in dirt.

Sure enough, there was a body. Ellen's eyes widened as she recognized the remains of the lion she had finally found at the bottom of the pit.

And on top of the pit, Ludwig, Heinrich, and Louise stared down at the spectacle with stony faces.

We've all seen death, and we've all seen bodies.

They feel guilty, but they're not horrified and grossed out by the body itself.

If something like the Crusader Catacombs happened, there should be no bodies.

But the body is still there.

"Wait, that would mean....... that this place has nothing to do with undeadification....... or something?"

If the cemetery has nothing to do with undeadization, then Heinrich is right.

Someone tried to grave rob the cemetery and failed.

If so, Ellen has just dug herself a grave.

All it did was insult the death of someone who deserved to be put to rest.

"No, no."

But Ellen shakes her head.

In the dirt, Ellen picks up a piece.

"Is it a piece of coffin?"

Louise murmurs as she watches Ellen pick it up.

"That's ....... I think so."

A coffin buried in the ground is broken.

That's not something you can do externally in the first place.

"If it's undeadization, the undead would have crawled up to the ground to break the coffin in the first place, and if it's grave robbing, the grave robbers would have dug down to this point."

If the undead came to the ground by breaking the coffin, it makes sense that they would break the coffin.

However, the grave robbers were probably after the tomb's contents in the first place.

If they've dug down to where they can see the coffin, they're not going to noisily break it open when they could have just quietly removed the burial goods.

Since the grave robbers wouldn't have made a ruckus about breaking the coffin, we can only assume that the undead crawled out of it.

"...... What is this body?"

However, if the undead broke the coffin themselves, it doesn't make sense that the body that was supposed to be the undead would still be there in the first place.

In the Crusader underground, the perpetrators left the scene untouched, and in this case, not only did they cover it up again, but they also buried the undead back into the ground without retrieving them.

It's not the thieves' fault, because they clearly did something they shouldn't have done.

However, I suspect this was done by someone with an undead agenda, and they didn't end up taking the undead with them.

"Is it someone else's body or....... or something like that?"

Ellen frowns at Ludwig's question.

"I don't know, but if that's the case, why not....... I don't get it. If you're making undead and putting other bodies in them, you had to do that in the Crusader underground in the first place, but you didn't do it there, and you're doing it here?"

It's odd to take an already buried corpse and turn it into an undead, and then speculate on the possibility of putting another corpse back in that grave. It's an oddly laborious and pointless behavior.

It's unlikely that it's universal for people like Ellen to dig their own graves to identify bodies.

And when the time comes to dig up the body and see it for yourself, you can't help but wonder if the remains have been tampered with.

So reanimating the undead and putting another body in that tomb is not worthwhile or meaningful as camouflage in the first place.

It's weird if it's the same person.

In the Crusader underground, I had no interest in concealment, but here I did.

They didn't even take the undead, or they switched bodies.

"But....... That's a little weird."

Heinrich questions.

"What?"

"He was buried this year....... This much decay?"

"......?"

Ellen takes a closer look.

At Heinrich's question, Louise turns to look at the tombstone.

"Gordon Schick, senior knight of the Alskean. In October of this year....... This......."

It's December.

"It's only been two months?"

"Yeah."

Ellen in the pit narrowed her eyes at Louise's lament.

The corpse in front of him had gaping eye sockets.

It's October and the weather is starting to get cold.

We don't know much about the rate of decomposition, but from what Ellen can see, the body in front of her is already quite decomposed.

It's not completely devoid of flesh and muscle, but it's a bit too much for a body that's been buried since it started getting cold.

"I think it's the wrong body."

"I see......."

At Louise's words, Ellen nods in agreement.

I thought there was no reason to do the pointless thing of swapping bodies, but there is.

So it's pretty clear that it's not the work of grave robbers.

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"What the hell....... Why did you do this......?"

Took the undead.

But this time, after taking the undead, we put in another body.

Why on earth would I do this?

The other possibilities are still out of reach, so for now, Ellen and the others can only assume that the perpetrators were just doing something nasty that didn't mean anything.

"I'll have to dig all the other graves."

Eventually, Ellen had no choice but to do a few more rounds of digging.





