Episode 601.





A total of five graves where there was an attempted grave robbery.

After digging not just one grave, but four others, they all came to the same conclusion.

All the coffins in the ground were broken.

It was supposedly caused by the undead rising from the ground, breaking the coffin and crawling out into the world.

But the body was still in there.

Some bodies had varying dates of death and degrees of decomposition, while others did not.

Naturally, with so many people buried, the faces of the corpses would be unrecognizable, even in their decay.

"...... is not the body of a warrior."

Louise nodded as Ellen identified all the bodies in the dug-up graves.

All of the bodies retained some semblance of appearance, regardless of the degree of decomposition.

The shape of his body already suggested that his nutritional status was not very good.

The area itself is a newly expanded site after the Gate, and most of the dead from the Gate are buried there. So, yes, most of them are soldiers.

The bodies of the soldiers shouldn't have been this close together.

"No injuries."

"It's ......."

And most of the bodies here are warriors.

Naturally, they died in the fight against the monster. Their bodies would naturally show signs of mortal wounds, such as missing limbs, or even a missing skull.

The bodies look malnourished, but all of them have intact limbs.

"These are definitely the bodies of people from the refugee camp."

So this is the body of someone who died of disease or starvation.

"Then....... After you brought the corpse back to life, you put other people's bodies in this tomb....... Why would you do that?"

Heinrich asked the question, but the other three couldn't answer it.

Raising the dead as the undead is insane.

But raising an undead, taking it with you, and putting another body in its grave isn't crazy, it's weird.

I can't figure out the intent.

Ellen crawls out of the pit and carefully turns her hand.

"Well, one thing's for sure, there were people who tampered with the tomb. Though we don't know why it was tampered with."

The suspects are two.

Grave robbers, or those involved in undeadization.

But even if it was the work of the grave robbers, or the people we're chasing now, it's too weird to switch bodies.

There's no point in doing that.

The extreme case of digging up a grave and checking it out doesn't happen very often anyway.

It's understandable to disguise a grave by smoothing out the dug ground, but why disguise a corpse?

"Uh, by the way....... Shouldn't we get this back up somehow soon?"

Heinrich was on edge, knowing that even if this was an inconspicuous location, there would be a huge uproar if anyone saw them.

Of course, it's not just a shovelful of dirt, it's a full-blown grave, so even if you fill it in, it's still going to show.

"No, wait a minute."

But whether Heinrich was nervous or not, Louise was looking at them one by one with a meaningful expression.

In total, they dug five graves.

Five tombs with attempted grave robbing.

The coffin used for the burial is broken, and the body is not the one who was supposed to be buried.

"If the grave robbers forced the coffin open and switched bodies, we don't know why they would do that, and if the people we're after are involved in this, if they brought the real owner of the tomb back to life as an undead, that would make sense, but there's no reason to put another body in there......."

Swap bodies.

That part is so weird and doesn't make sense.

"Ellen."

"Yes."

Louise looks at Ellen with a stern expression.

"One more grave, can you dig it?"

"......."

"A different tomb, with no grave robbing attempts."

"Sure."

Ellen nodded.



* * *



The attempted graves were still within close proximity to each other.

Ellen began digging in the grave, this time at a distance.

Hoping that this is a desecration of someone's memory, not only Ellen, but Louise as well, digs up the grave.

Soon, they dug a sixth grave.

"This time......."

"You're good to go."

It's different from the other five tombs.

This time, the buried coffin may have been covered in dirt, but it was still in good shape.

Like the other coffins that were attempted to be stolen, it didn't break.

"Nothing happened here, right?"

"Maybe......."

At the top of the pit, Heinrich and Ludwig were relieved.

Ellen looks at Louise with a hard look on her face. As if to ask if they should proceed with the next step or not.

"Let's open it."

"Yes."

Ellen grabs the lid of the coffin and applies pressure.

-Thump!

The lid popped open with a loud bang, and Louise and Ellen could see inside.

Still, you can't recognize the lion's face.

"This is another body......."

But the sight of that skinny body, with all its limbs intact.

From the look of the body, which could hardly have been a fallen soldier, I could already tell that it had nothing to do with the name on the tombstone.

Ellen, Louise, and Ludwig and Heinrich.

I stared at the body, frozen.

"Replace......."

Ellen mutters.

"What's....... What's wrong with......?"

Now.

Really now.

What's wrong and where.

I had no idea.



* * *



The sixth tomb was different from the others.

This time, the coffin is intact, but the body inside has been switched.

It's a scary thought.

After confirming that, Louise and Ellen climbed out of the pit.

"How did you know?"

In addition to the five graves where the attempted grave robbery took place, Louise suspects that bodies may have been switched in other graves as well.

This led me to imagine that there might be something more fundamental going on than just the grave robbers and the forces they were chasing.

"If this is the work of the people we're after, there were things they should have taken, but didn't."

"It's the undead you need to take care of."

"And what not to bring. Or, more precisely, things you won't be interested in."

"Booty."

Items buried with the body.

"The bodies were replaced, but all the graves had no burial goods."

The people responsible for the events in the Catacombs of the Crusaders are not people of little consequence.

So while they may have reanimated a corpse and taken it to the undead, it's safe to say that they're not the kind of people who get hung up on the treasure buried with the corpse.

All the graves they dug now had one more thing in common.

All graves have no burial items.

"Weapons and armor are usually buried as part of the burial, at least if not the lion's living possessions. But none of the graves contained any such items, and the bodies were all ....... They might be wearing shrouds, but nothing else was buried with them, and they were all wearing the same clothes. And if the bodies were tampered with, they were tampered with, but the absence of all remaining grave goods in the graves is not the work of grave robbers or the people we're after."

"......."

"Probably since they were buried."

This altered body was never meant to be the work of the current pursuers or grave robbers in the first place.

The body has been altered since it was first buried.

"That's not going to happen with the superintendent's clout."

Everyone starts to imagine the dreaded scenario.

Louise stares at Ellen for a moment.

"Ellen."

"It's ......."

"This seems to have too many things tied up in it."

What had begun with the death of the archbishop had spiraled out of control.

The archbishop was an inquisitor.

The Crusaders have an unknown internal problem.

The slain Inquisitor was chasing the remains of undead saints.

In the national cemetery, where the perpetrators seem to have been involved, the bodies had been switched.

Everything we've learned so far doesn't lead to a single conclusion.

Each clue reveals a different problem.

There are so many problems in the world, and every one of them is just the tip of the iceberg of other problems that can't be ignored.

Displaced bodies in the Imperial National Cemetery.

This is too big to be an aberration of a janitor. He wouldn't be able to do this.

Therefore, the switching of bodies in the national cemetery must have been done by a higher power. A higher power authorized, ordered, or condoned it.

Without it, it can't be attempted.

The suspicion will only be confirmed when we check the other tombs one by one.

Ellen mumbles to herself.

"This is....... Empire's involvement in this......."

"I suppose."

Louise could only nod her head in agreement.

What the hell did you do with the bodies?

What you were trying to do.

"Wait a minute....... If there are other bodies buried everywhere else, too......."

Ludwig's eyes widen in confusion.

"Is Ashur's tomb also......?"

Heinrich and Ellen gritted their teeth.

Find Ashur.

Then, he said, I'll know everything.

It wasn't the owner of the grave who was buried in the tomb, but a whole bunch of other wacky people.

That said, they haven't found Ashur yet.

You don't have to open all the other graves to see that all the bodies have been switched.

Tomb of Asher.

One more thing confirms this suspicion.

-Here! What are you doing!

And eventually, even in the most inconspicuous of places, someone was bound to find those who had been digging their graves for quite some time.



* * *



Where did it go wrong?

What to look for.

Death of the Inquisitor.

The remains of saints who have become undead.

A transposed body in a national cemetery.

No one could now be sure that all the clues pointed in one direction.

It could be everything.

If everything in the world is a problem, how the hell am I supposed to solve this one?

In the snow that Heinrich had melted, Ellen began to shovel into the grave.

The warden and his troops watched with grim faces.

The rangers were horrified to see a warrior digging a grave out of nowhere, and Ellen offered them no excuses or apologies.

Told to fetch the warden and bring a shovel, Ellen revisited Ashur's grave.

A warrior digs a friend's grave.

The warden could only stomp his feet, unable to argue with the warrior's determined expression.

I dug graves with my bare hands. It was easier and faster with tools in hand.

With each stroke of the young shovel's blue-enchanted blade, the earth bared its flesh.

In no time at all, Ellen had dug down to the depths of Ashur's coffin, and with a shovel blade wedged into the lid, she twisted it open, breaking it open.

-Bam!

"......."

This time, it's a body they should be able to recognize.

Now, as all four of us were expecting.

There was an unfamiliar face in there, though it was beginning to decay.

"Hey, warrior....... What the hell is wrong with you......."

Without a word, Ellen crawled out of the pit and handed the shovel to the superintendent.

"Fill the grave, and pretend you never heard or saw anything about this."

Seeing the warden and others frozen in place.

"Remember, everybody. Unless you want to die young."

After digging a total of seven graves.

Ellen was now certain that every body in the national cemetery had been tampered with.

With that, Ellen gestures to her teammates.

"Let's go."

No more trips to the national cemetery.





