Episode 602.





Ellen didn't explain anything to the people at the National Cemetery who were missing Earl.

They are too small to be involved in these things. It was better for their safety to know nothing.

After exiting the national cemetery, Ellen dried off her dirt-covered clothes.

Everyone was in disarray.

"We still don't know what happened, but we do know a few things."

And it was Ellen, not anyone else, who was the most confused.

"But the Empire is doing something with the bodies. Or at least they're aware of it. That much is certain."

It's impossible to say for sure whether all of the problems that occurred were caused by the Empire or not. However, it is highly unlikely that the Empire was unaware of what was happening at the National Cemetery.

Ellen looks up at the snowy sky.

Many clues begin to move in the right direction in the face of a decisive truth.

The ones that aren't may not be, but the ones that are will still give you clues to move in a certain direction.

"I get it now."

Ellen looks at Ludwig.

"Why Archbishop Rowen approached you."

"Okay......?"

"Yes."

Why Rowen approached the archbishop.

On the first day, there was a lot of speculation.

Rowen knew the cause of the gate, so he could use Ludwig to get to Ellen and do her harm, or so the theory goes.

Ellen suspected that Rowen's approach to Ludwig must have been for some other purpose entirely unrelated to this incident, perhaps related to the eradication of the Mercenary Order.

But that reasoning is overturned in the face of a truth that was unthinkable yesterday.

Realizing that the Empire might be behind these things.

Ellen realizes why Rowen approached Ludwig.

"He wasn't trying to hurt me through you, he wanted to investigate this case through you."

All of Rowen's actions were pointing in the same direction.

An incident in the catacombs of the saints.

It was part of a way to track down the case.

Ellen's words left Ludwig completely clueless.

"How can I......?"

Ellen points south of the ecliptic.

Something you can't see through the flurry of snow, but something beyond.

"It was important that you were a Temple student."

Temples.

"Because very few people are allowed to enter the temple."

Those who can come and go as they please do not realize how difficult it is to enter a temple and how nearly impossible it is to infiltrate it.

It's not a place where just anyone can get in.

In the first place, even when the Temple was up and running, it had strict access control.

"He wanted to know what was going on in the Temple through you."

Rowen had approached Ludwig for that purpose.

She cannot enter the temple herself.

"Wait, wait, wait....... What the hell does Temple have to do with this......?"

At Ludwig's question, Ellen sighed softly.

"Let's go to Hogwarts."

Ellen walks straight ahead.

"Then, you'll know."

In the face of the definitive truth, you finally know what happened and what it all means.

Many of the puzzles were nearing completion.

So it's clear where to go.

Temple College of Magic.

What the heck were those guards doing standing there like they were guarding a major secret.

Now I had a pretty good idea.

Louise followed Ellen's lead, her expression hardening into something else.

'I'm....... Why?'

If something is going on in the temple and access is strictly controlled.

The Empire would have to hide this from anyone.

He wondered why he had been allowed into the Temple at all: he might learn of the Empire's weaknesses or its secrets, and he was on the verge of doing just that.

Why the hell did they let me in.

Louise couldn't figure it out.

But in the end, the path is clear.

"Wait."

With that thought, Louise stopped in her tracks.

Ellen, Heinrich, and Ludwig look at Louise, who has a stony expression on her face.

"If the Temple College of Magic has....... If what we're after is really there....... If it is the Empire that is behind these things....... Are you saying it was the Empire that killed Archbishop Rowen?"

"......Maybe."

"The Empire has sent a priest to......?"

"Rowen figured out that the Empire was behind what happened at the Crusader cemetery, and he must have known they were doing something inside the Temple, so he approached Ludwig."

Rowen knew something, and he tried to get Ludwig to investigate the temple.

"And I'm sure the Empire noticed, and they killed Rowen and everyone else in that Inquisitor's temple."

An inquisitor getting closer to truths he shouldn't know.

The Empire would have had no choice but to take action against her.

However, I don't understand the Empire's overzealousness in desecrating the graves of the saints.

But with the clues strongly pointing to the Empire being at the center of this, there was no room for second thoughts.

"The Empire must already know what we're up to. I went to the College of Magic yesterday."

"......Yes."

It was all figured out, albeit for a different reason, the moment he reached the neighborhood of the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry in search of Anna de Guerna.

"From the moment we decided to look into this, the Empire could have known everything we did."

"Maybe......."

If the Empire was at the center of this, and no one else, they would have been watching everywhere they went and everything they did.

The ecliptic is the domain of empires, and temples are a key part of them.

When I was researching this, they told me that they had to be careful because the beasts that killed Rowen might come after them.

However, from the moment he decided to look into the case, the Empire would have already known his every move.

Stop by the temple on fire.

Stop by the Crusader High Priestess.

To the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

Visit a national cemetery.

Every one of those steps would have been read.

And now we're closer to the truth.

"Was it because you were included that we couldn't do anything about it......."

If the Beast is the Empire and not some other group, it can never touch Ellen.

Because, after all, Ellen is Ellen.

The Empire may be helpless in its pursuit of these four.

I don't know about anyone else, but since Ellen is one of those trackers, the Empire can't do anything about it.

Louise had already decided to dip her toe in the water, and she was willing to take some risks.

But it's also going head-to-head with an empire.

Walking away at the right time was never an option. The empire was watching from the start.

Investigating a murder, and keeping a warrior safe.

She thought it was her first priority, but now that she realizes the empire is deeply entangled in this matter, she has unwittingly become entangled in something that could determine the fate of the Schwarz family.

Looking at Louise, who suddenly has to make a very big decision, Ellen says simply: "I'm not going to do this.

"I'll protect you somehow."

"......?"

"Yes."

Ellen nodded slowly.

Ruiz said that Ellen's work is humanity's work.

Ellen is fully aware of what Louise has risked to help her.

So, in the same way, Ellen will protect Louise for helping her.

The Schwarzes had no choice but to defend themselves.

All four of them have very important secrets, or suspicions, about the Empire.

Massive denial.

We return to the template to figure it out.

The Temple was their home, but now that they know something strange and dangerous is going on there, they can't help but return to it with a different mindset.



* * *



Back at the temple, the group headed straight for the College of Magic.

As long as it's clear where you're going, you should be able to see what's happening there.

The location that was off-limits for a completely different reason was actually very relevant to the case.

And everyone could see that there was someone in the space where no one should be.

A person sitting still, in the falling snow, with an umbrella slung over their shoulder.

"Lord Tana."

"......."

Saviolin Tana.

She sat alone on the bench, watching Ellen and her group as they approached under the umbrella.

She gets up from the bench without a word.

Somehow, it was as if they knew they were coming and had been waiting.

"Did you know I was coming?"

"I was hoping it wouldn't come to ......."

Savior Tana stands still and looks at Ellen.

"Because if you come back here, you've already learned something."

If I didn't know any better, I wouldn't be back on this road to Hogwarts.

If I know something, and I know there is something, I will find this path again.

That's why Saviolin Tana was at the crossroads.

Hoping that Ellen won't come.

"If I told you to tell me nothing more, you'd know that the Empire was involved in this, and I'd rather you didn't. But three days. Only....... Three days."

Saviolin Tana blows out a white breath.

"That's too fast, Ellen."

Watching Ellen come face to face with a truth she shouldn't have known so soon, Savior Tana was saddened that she could only admire her ability to execute and act.

Saviolin Tana looks next to her, not at Ellen this time.

Louise von Schwarz.

"Your Highness the Princess."

"......."

"I didn't expect you to repay the Emperor's favors in this way."

Louise von Schwarz stared at such a viola tana with wide eyes.

Emperor's Favor.

That's not the only thing that makes it possible to enter the temple.

In the first place, it was the Emperor who advised Heinrich that he would have to kill his brothers to save them.

Saviolin Tana asks if it's fair to ignore the Emperor's favor and come all this way to learn the secrets of the Empire.

At that, Louise's brow narrows.

"I realize that I'm not in a position to discuss righteousness and humanity."

By the time I killed my siblings with my own hands, I had already abandoned Tian Lun.

"You do realize that I am not here to probe the Empire's weaknesses. Lord Tana."

Saviolin Tana sees Heinrich and Ludwig behind her.

"Whatever you see is coincidence, whatever you know is illusion, whatever you imagine is delusion."

"You may not accept it, but that's the way it is."

"I'd rather live without knowing, because knowing won't change anything."

"In the world."

"There are things that hurt to know."

"Some things are sadder when you know."

"Ellen."

"You are well aware of that."

"After this, there's nothing you need to know."

"I'm just asking you to accept that and back off."

"If you find out, you'll only be sharing a sin that's hard to bear."

"You don't have to do that."

Ellen's eyes widened at that.

What it would hurt to know.

Rather sad, I know.

That's all there is to it now.

Knowing the truth is better than not knowing.

It's not like nothing is happening.

You're doing something.

Something terrible is about to happen and probably already has.

It's better to know the truth than to share the guilt.

But to go home knowing nothing.

Already knowing too much of the sad truth, Ellen could not help but hesitate at Savior Tana's heartfelt request.

Although her demeanor is forceful, Savior Tana is clearly appealing to Ellen and the other three.

Back off.

Seriously.

"There's no way I can just go back to......."

Ludwig mumbles to himself.

"What the hell....... What are you doing with those people who were pitiful just to be dead....... What are you doing with them? They didn't even get to die in peace, and you're still doing that after they're dead......."

"I can't justify it. I don't want to justify it, and I'm not in a position to do so."

Saviolin Tana's tone was cold and detached.

"So, let's keep it simple."

Saviolin Tana stands in the middle of the sidewalk with an umbrella.

The only one on the continent to reach the realm of Grandmaster.

Her strength exceeds that of the warrior Ellen Artorius, and it is cautiously estimated that she may be of equal or greater power than Ellen at full strength.

She doesn't have a single Holy Grail, and she's been on more difficult or dangerous missions than Ellen, who has two Holy Grails, and she's still alive.

"I shouldn't know about this. I'd rather not know, so that when this all comes to light later, I can use the fact that I didn't know anything as an exculpation."

"Are you saying that if we knew what you were doing, we would be forced to be silent?"

"Yeah, because I'm doing what I have to do."

Tana nodded at Ellen's question.

Don't feel compelled to share your guilt; it's better to keep what you don't know than what you do know.

"This isn't about me and the empire, it's about you."

These are the people who feel guilty and responsible for even knowing what happened.

When all is said and done. The only way to escape blame is to not know.

To know the truth and be a silent sympathizer, or to pass up the opportunity to know and then later say you didn't know anything when all the facts are revealed.

A warrior should know none of this.

Because heroes are the hope of the people.

Because when some evil is revealed, it should be someone who has nothing to do with it.

The warrior must be an absolute good.

So it's better not to know.

"You know."

Ellen says still.

"Just because I don't know this much doesn't mean I can buy myself a pass."

"You're not even going to buy it. You know that."

"If it hurts to know, you already know a lot."

"I don't know how much harder it's going to be for me to be called a warrior by others before it gets harder and more exhausting than it already is."

"I mean, it doesn't hurt to know a little more."

"Step aside. Lord Tana."

"I need to know what's going on."

Louise listened in silence to Ellen's meaningful words.

The truth you shouldn't know.

Indulgences.

Some things people don't know about the Gate debacle.

Louise and Heinrich couldn't help but notice that Ellen was talking about him.





