Episode 611.





For some reason, Rowen himself was waiting for me.

What's going on.

Did the popes deceive me?

Is there a reason for that?

Unsure of the right answer, Rowen kneels down to me.

"It is an infinite honor to see you again, my lord."

It was a sign of complete submission.

"Why are you here? I was obviously looking for you, but I certainly don't remember asking you to come here. We've never met, have we?"

"I know everything that goes on in the Order of ......."

a.

Was it?

The ecliptic has its own environment.

The Five Great Houses within the ecliptic.

Crusader Knights inside the Ecliptic.

At some point, it wasn't the butler's, and it wasn't the pope's.

Elion Bolton didn't know it, the popes didn't know it, Bertus didn't know it.

I didn't know that either.

"I should have met you, not the popes, if I wanted to eat the Lord's Supper in the first place."

"Sort of."

I've just met the right person to hand over the Order to me.

"All those who agree with me, I am ready to support you."

The popes, as well as the head of the Crusader Knights, knew that there were many forces within the Order that supported me, but they had no idea that I had been outmaneuvering them for so long since they had organized.

The Crusader Knights who attempted to purge Rowen would not have been his.

But that was about it.

There were only a handful of them that he could manipulate at will.

The rest of the paladins who follow the leader are all in the Allied garrison.

The ecclesiastical powers of the ecliptic had become Rowen's, not the Pope's.

So now, the Crusaders hadn't returned to their home base, but were actually in enemy territory.

Rowen was able to deal with pagan cults, including warrior cults and demonic cults, as well as the main cults within the ecliptic.

"It's a tempting offer, but why should I hold your hand when I'm pretty sure you're not even pretending to be sane?"

It doesn't take much of a conversation to realize that Rowen is a tainted human being.

"Do you think the popes are sane?"

"I may not be crazy, but I'm better than you."

No matter how sweet the promise of fruit, it's hard to resist.

I'm just here to stop the craziness.

Rowen looks up cautiously.

It was a hard look to bear.

He was flattered that I dared to even look up at him, but I could see in his eyes that he was literally "daring" to look up at me because he wanted to make eye contact and talk to me.

Gut-wrenching awe.

The mere fact that it was pointed at me was enough to make me feel uncomfortable.

"If you compare someone who uses pagans to start a riot to someone who thinks about killing all pagans, who's crazier? They're both crazy, but I'm not sure which is crazier."

But the words that came out of Rowen's mouth were more shocking than the look in her eyes.

"......what?"

The former is Rowen.

And the latter?

"Didn't the popes say that?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Didn't you say something about pagan cleansing?"

Pagan Purification.

I felt my whole body freeze at the eerie word.

"You didn't really think the five popes were just going to sit back and watch the size of the infidels, did you?"

Yes.

That's what I said.

"Now" is a time when you can't just kill infidels.

It reads like a statement of intent to kill as soon as they can.

And through Rowen, he knew the size of the cult and its leaders.

It was impossible to eradicate in the first place, so we tried to control it.

And after all of that, you'd want to get rid of it.

"They say new wine should be in new bottles, so why would you want to put anything less than vinegar in an old leather bag?"

Rowen was almost purged.

Then Rowen, and now he was telling me about the Purge.

"Do you mean to tell me you did this to save the infidels?"

"I want the Empire to fall, and I want the Devil to be the master of a new age."

"......."

"Tens of millions of pagans being saved by the Devil is kind of a byproduct of that."

Rowen laughs with an odd expression.

It was a very awkward, bizarre laugh.

"And no matter how much I enjoy killing and torturing people, it's still sad when tens of millions of people die."

"......."

"That's not supposed to happen."

A heretic's life is a life after all, says the Inquisitor.

It had a very unpleasant ring to it, like a serial killer talking about the dignity of life.

And the unpleasantness comes from the fact that Rowen isn't wrong.

There's nothing more disgusting than a wrong being saying the right thing.

"The popes really wanted to kill all the pagans, and they think they can get away with it?"

"You don't think you can do it?"

"......what?"

"Isn't it a good thing for the empire if there are fewer refugees who can't even feed themselves?"

I couldn't help but roll my eyes at the eerie possibility.

"Do you think it would be impossible to blame the infidel for what happened in the basement of the Crusade and kill him?"

"......."

"It's a matter of whether you can afford it or not. You know you can do it if you want to do it."

My work with the Crusaders is what I did.

But the popes weren't looking for a culprit, they were trying to pass it off as a pagan crime?

"No way, was that the policy in the first place?"

"He told me to look into that direction: ......."

The popes wanted to control the pagans, so they used Rowen.

This is how this bizarre structure of the Five Great Houses of God was established, with the pagans actually being the ones behind it.

But in the end, the popes couldn't kill the pagans, they were just keeping them under control, and if they could push them all away, they would.

The popes wanted to make it a pagan crime, regardless of the facts.

But Rowen had almost all the information he needed about the pagans in the refuge. Even if he captured and tortured the unidentified cultists, he would know they were not the culprits. They might be able to make a fake culprit, but they wouldn't be the real thing.

And they tried to approach the empire as the culprit.

There, Elayon Bolton ordered her to stop the investigation, but Rowen wouldn't listen.

It is clear that the popes are preparing to kill all infidels at some point.

Of course, that's not going to happen right away.

The popes hid their intentions from me. They must have known that I would be sensitive to the idea of a pagan purification.

These are the greats who will swallow it if it's sweet and spit it out if it's bitter.

They are attached to me because the tide of public opinion in the church is turning in my favor.

Is Rowen crazy.

Or are the popes crazy.

Both would be crazy.

However, it's clear whose hands we need to hold.



* * *



The mood in the Emperor's City was fierce and turbulent. The recent riots and massacre of the guards were a reminder.

Smoke from the burning of corpses rose everywhere, and the guards roaming the camp were not the usual ones.

Silent guards, wearing helmets that obscured their faces, walked the streets wordlessly.

With so much hatred and anger toward the guards, no one dared to touch them as they roamed the streets alone.

For everyone could see that the silent watchers were something more than mere guards.

Some strange beings, human but not quite human, roam the refugee camp.

They resorted to extreme measures at the slightest sign of violence.

It was like a machine roaming the streets, unresponsive to anyone's words, to anyone's cries.

The guards who now control the camp said nothing, gave no warning.

He walked slowly through the streets, and at the first sign of disturbance, he headed straight for the kill and disappeared.

People were extremely frightened by its inhuman appearance.

After a few days of this.

Each of the four who sought Rowen's death remained in the temple in that ominous atmosphere.

Ludwig was given hope that the chimeric procedure might give him his arm back, but he also knew it would be life-threatening, and he was living with that choice every day.

And then there was the sudden disturbance in the ecliptic, which forced me to spend several days of silence in the temple.

But we can't do that forever.

Ellen called Heinrich, Louise, and Ludwig together.

"I think it's time to decide what to do."

In the end, the underlying problem was not solved.

Who killed Rowen.

The Emperor said that it was not the Empire that killed Rowen.

"It's unlikely that Bertus was lying about what he said then, since he showed us the lab, and if it was the Empire that killed Rowen, they had no reason to hide it."

"I suppose."

Louise nodded in agreement with Ellen.

It revealed a secret that was bigger and more important than killing Rowen. Technically, the death of one priest is very minor compared to what's going on in that lab.

If I had killed Rowen, I would have said that I had no choice but to do so.

He wouldn't lie if he didn't have to, so logic dictates that the Empire's failure to kill Rowen was likely true in and of itself.

What Dettomorian said.

I said I'd find out when I found Ashur, but what I found out was that the Empire wasn't involved in Rowen's death.

But that doesn't change the fact that you've learned something.

We were able to rule out one of the prime suspects.

"You wouldn't be wrong that Rowen's approach to Ludwig was to investigate Temple in the first place."

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Then the Empire has a reason to kill Rowen. But the Empire has nothing to do with it, and under the circumstances, there's no reason for her to be lying......."

It wasn't supposed to be a mob attack.

The only faction that had reason to want Rowen dead was the Empire, and they didn't kill him.

So the situation was a quagmire.

"Were they really killed by infidels?"

Heinrich's question was.

Rowen was an inquisitor in the first place, so it's clear that if the pagans knew of her existence, they would always want to kill her.

"It's entirely possible that he didn't die pursuing the case, and that he was retaliated against because of the karma he's accumulated."

Ellen echoed Heinrich's sentiment, as if she couldn't deny the possibility.

"But suffice it to say that refugee camps are dangerous right now......."

It was the site of a large-scale riot, which was subdued by a massacre. Therefore, the current refugee zone was not a place to go and do anything good.

Carnage.

It literally took me by surprise.

Everyone in the room knew that the army we were building to end the gate crisis was being sent to kill people.

It's no secret that too much is being justified in the name of gating.

But even if it's not dangerous, it's no different.

If it was the cultists who killed Rowen, we don't even know where they are.

"But what happened in the first place....... at the Crusader cemetery."

After being silent, Ludwig speaks up.

"Is what happened there....... Is that what the Empire did?"

"Uh."

"Hmm."

"......!"

We all realized that we hadn't been thinking about the first thing we should have been thinking about in the face of this shocking truth.





