Episode 613





Elayon Bolton waited at the warp spot for his spacewalk.

The popes knew that the Devil's following was growing, and Elayon Bolton was surely sensing the tide, if not the details.

But that wasn't the point.

The Cult of the Eclipse had already been mobilized by the Demon King's followers, and it was clear that Rowen was a key figure.

But it's only the Cult of the Eclipse that has fallen for it.

Allies.

The paladins and priests under the constant command of Elayon Bolton could support the Demon King, but they could not be controlled by Rowen.

A bond that has crossed battlefields and lines of fire together countless times is not something that can be betrayed easily.

As such, the Cult of the Zodiac forces are literally a handful compared to the paladins and priests of the Alliance.

While the Crusader Templar may have a lower actual rank than the Pope, he has a great deal of authority and power.

And that's just what Rowen has gotten his hands on.

The Crusaders were, and still are, capable of staging coups whenever they feel like it.

If he returns to the Allied lines with a large army of paladins, Elayon Bolton has enough troops to push back the unholy forces of the Eclipse.

Elayon Bolton was a madman who sought to execute the head of his enemies in the middle of the enemy's territory.

The most elite paladins who carried out the order were men of Elayon Bolton, but even they were slain by Rowen.

You have been grossly underestimating Rowen's combat power. It's clear that he's been hiding his true strength.

Elayon Bolton would pick and choose from those who remained, and those who were not captured by Rowen, under his breath, and Elayon Bolton would return to the Allied garrison.

The power of the Cult of the Zodiac is already beyond the control of the Popes and the Crusaders.

We don't know what we're going to do, but we need to get back to the Allied lines and think about it.

I've been back to a few places I thought I was home, so for now, I need to get my thoughts together while I'm safe.

"Forward to....... What the hell is going on?"

"I don't know."

I'm also outraged that the popes handed over the entire Church to the devil, and they weren't even the ones making the decisions about the Church in the first place.

And he was tasking Rowen's people to track her down.

The ecliptic is dangerous.

You need to leave.

That's why Elayon Bolton was at the warp spot, waiting for the mass teleportation spell to activate to take him back to the Alliance.

"When we get back, we'll go straight to the center. There's no guarantee Rowen hasn't tried his tricks there, too. We'll do the verification, and then we'll figure out how to handle this......."

You've ruined everything.

Elion Boulton felt like biting his tongue at the thought of breaking everything.

Go back.

Just go back, and then.

What's next?

Get it wrong and you could start a civil war.

It's not a small place.

The paladins and priests of the Alliance follow their crusader leader more than the Pope. There are some who support the Demon King, but it is only out of sympathy; they truly follow the man they have fought alongside, Elayon Bolton. As such, they have no choice but to side with him.

Now, Elion Bolton is a commander who has abandoned his army and gone into enemy territory.

If he can get back on track, if he can bring his army with him, control of the situation is in Elion Bolton's hands.

I had no intention of overstepping the authority of the popes.

But if the authority of the popes has become worthless, it's a problem that shouldn't go unaddressed.

It means that the Church of the Lord has completely ceased to function as an organization.

The fact that the Church of God has been privatized by a single entity is itself a problem.

If it was the choice of the chiefs to negotiate and coexist with the demons, I would respect that. There was no reason to disagree.

However, if someone other than the head of the Order is already in control of the Order, the Order should not exist that way.

The popes were incompetent.

Also, Elion Bolton was incompetent.

You think you're reading the signs, but you're looking up at the signs.

Empires, demons, and emperors.

I was thinking about those things and not really looking at the changes that were happening underneath.

I thought the movement from below might touch on a big problem, but I didn't realize that the movement from below was already a big problem.

I don't know where to start, but I'm going back.

The popes were incompetent beyond incompetent.

But Elion Bolton knows he's not incompetent, even though he's painfully aware of it.

A vast army of paladins and priests are still under his control.

After returning home, you must do something about the ruined Church of the Lord.

You should be able to decide what to do next.

"When we get back, we're going straight to headquarters."

"Yes, sir."

Elayon Bolton is nervous and anxious that his return could be the beginning of a massive civil war.

Will he go along with it, what will happen to his bond with the demon, and what will happen to Rowen.

There was so much at stake in his hands.

How long have I been waiting.

-Flash!

With a flash, Mass Teleport was cast.

With the fading of his vision, Elayon Bolton opened his closed eyes.

"......."

And as soon as Elion Bolton saw what was in front of him, it all clicked.

Since you traveled from a warp spot, you should have traveled directly to the warp spot of the Allied garrison.

But.

Elion Bolton has arrived in an unnamed forest.

And none of the people he was with were with him.

But he wasn't alone.

There were two people in front of me.

On a tree stump, a demon sat.

"I thought you were going to call it Intercept....... Well, it's a feature, I just experienced it, okay?"

And by his side was a girl with forked hair.

"This is ......."

Daughter of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen, the greatest genius in the history of magic, was at the Devil's side.

"I went to....... in the first place in the first place."

When Elion Bolton dies, civil war breaks out.

There was no way that what the Crusader leader knew, the others didn't know.

"This is so....... We were supposed to hold hands, but now we have to face each other like this."

Yesterday's enemy is today's friend.

Yesterday, we were supposed to be friends, but today we're enemies again.

Around and around we went, and that was that.



* * *



What happens when Elayon Bolton returns to the Allied garrison.

It was inevitable that something like this would happen, as I knew I had to be on the lookout for it. The moment Elion Bolton disappeared in the first place, it was only natural that he would try to return to the garrison.

"I wasn't going to kill any of you originally."

The Devil says, still.

"You know, there's no point in changing popes or crusaders, it's just a pain in the ass."

"I like the status quo. I like it more than you do."

"Of course, I don't want the gate situation to stay the way it is."

"So without much change, the Crusaders are the way they are, the Popes are the way they are. Let's just keep it rolling and stay out of each other's way. No more bloodshed. That's what I was thinking. So I wasn't going to kill them, I wasn't going to change them."

"But if we don't change it, something even worse might happen."

"And you were up to no good and didn't tell me about it?"

"I know it's hard for us to be full allies or superiors, but I heard that the popes wanted to kill all the infidels."

"I was willing to be taken advantage of, but you didn't say you were going to let me crush your liver because it's stuck to your gallbladder, or remove your gallbladder because it's stuck to your liver."

Elayon Bolton's eyes widened at the demon's words.

"Yeah, you wouldn't have known, it was the idea of the popes, and you were too busy killing monsters to think about it."

"Thank you for saving me from making lame excuses."

"I'm not going to say it's your fault for not knowing, because it's not really your fault."

For Elion Bolton, the war was hard enough.

Elion Bolton was too far away from the ecliptic to know what was going on, what the popes were thinking, and what was going on inside the Church from there.

This was true even before the Allied forces arrived. He roamed the battlefield rather than being at the Crusader headquarters.

I was so committed to the war that I was too far removed from the practice.

That's what Elion Bolton did.

I tried too hard.

To work too hard, to fulfill your responsibilities and beliefs as a powerful paladin who fights for herself.

I didn't care about politics.

"So, the popes have decided to change all that, and of course, if they hold a knife to my throat and tell me not to do that, I'm going to have to nod my head no, but I've already been screwed over enough by the time the motherfuckers tell me about their pagan holocaust plans, so I'd rather have someone there who listens to me and knows what I'm thinking."

"No way......."

Elayon Bolton stares at the demon, mouth agape.

"I met Rowen too late, I don't know if it was before he did something crazy, but if we let this continue, either all the heathens will die or the Empire will be crushed."

The devil had to decide.

"The Five Great Houses of God will be united, and a new religious system will be established that incorporates demonism and warrior religions to protect all pagans. No, you're not a pagan anymore, you're a part of the Order."

Unified Cult.

"And my sister, who I know well, will be the head of it."

The arrows and bombs fired by the others explode here and there, eventually converging into one big blast.

In the end, it was both a great unifier and a great divider.

Instead of preventing disruption now, it will be a key part of the divide later.

"In the middle of the Empire....... and plant the flag of Darkland in the middle of the Empire......."

The forces of the Devil have entered the ecliptic, and all who are observant know it.

"Yeah."

If we don't do this, we might break everything, so the devil is in the details.

We tried to utilize the Five Great Houses, but the situation has gotten out of hand. As such, we are in a situation where we cannot survive unless we make greater improvements to our constitution.

What would have been deferred to the future had he not tried to kill Rowen, was rapidly accelerated by a single decision by Elayon Bolton.

"The purge and all that, I honestly didn't agree with it, which is why I left you guys alone, but I think Rowen, that crazy bitch, was right."

"......."

"It seems to me that new booze should be in new bottles."

If you take control of a group and then leave it alone, you're leaving vested interests in place, and you're not really in control. You can hide as much as you want to hide from the top, and you can collude as much as you want to collude.

"It was impossible to just lend them a name."

If you're going to do it, do it right.

And brutally.

You want to make sure there is no warping.

I realized that purges are not uncommon even in times of chaos, and that in a time when the world is shaking, it would be foolhardy to try to take control of a group and not take out the incumbents.

I thought I controlled the Church and the Templars because I had the Popes and the Crusaders.

But the reality was that I hadn't gotten the slightest bit of control.

The existing popes have always harbored the idea of purging the pagans at some point, so they are not the right people for a reformed religious system, nor can we hope to inject new ideas into their inevitably aging heads. If they did cooperate, it would be under the guise of cooperation.

Eliminated popes who thought they had power when they didn't.

And this time, Elion Bolton.

It has power, it has symbolism, and it has a lot of followers.

The de facto core of the Order's power.

Had Elayon Bolton returned safely to the Allied garrison, civil war could have erupted in the ecliptic, depending on his choices.

"The popes are a pain in the ass, but you've done your best, and all you've gotten is a handshake?"

In reality, Elion Bolton didn't even sell the Church to the devil; that was the choice of the popes.

The purging of Rowen was ultimately done because it was best not to have that kind of chaos at this point.

"But since I've decided to push Rowen, I can't come with you."

But that doesn't change the fact that Elayon Bolton is an established faction now that the Purge has begun.

Not backing down because you're doing it wrong, but backing down because you have to.

Purge is what it is.

And now that he has chosen to take Rowen's hand, Elayon Bolton, the man who tried to kill Rowen, is no longer a threat to the Crusaders.

"That's why, unlike the popes, I want to give you a choice."

Elayon Bolton stared at the Demon King with a stony expression.

"Options......?"

"Yeah, just two."

The devil holds up two fingers.

"First, you die on this spot by my hand."

The devil folds his fingers together.

"Second, retire gracefully."

Retirement.

It was more unthinkable than death.



* * *



There was an uncomfortable silence on the top floor of the Great Hall of the Crusaders.

The survival of a priest who was thought to be dead.

And the scene where that priest murdered five popes in cold blood.

Olivia Ranze, who disappeared with the devil.

We don't know how it all started, but Olivia Ranze was straightforward.

The Crusader Knights and the Order of the Five Masters now belong to the Devil.

Ellen's fists were clenched, unable to do anything, and so were Louise and Heinrich.

"Nonsense....... nonsense......."

Only Ludwig is there, glaring at Olivia Ranze.

"How can you be here? How can the Devil have the Crusaders? That can't happen....... It can't happen! How could you! Like this....... Like this. Like this. Talking shit like that in the middle of the ecliptic!"

Ludwig's dormant anger and self-pity explodes.

"Don't you have the slightest sense of guilt? Do you know how many people died because of you? And this was all the Devil's plan? How dare you have the nerve to do this......!"

"Hey."

"Am I talking to you?"

"......what?"

Olivia clicks her tongue briefly.

"And who are you in the first place?"

"!!"

As far as Olivia could remember, Ludwig was just a passing acquaintance.





