Episode 616.





A few days after the snow stopped falling on the ecliptic, an unusually warm climate prevailed.

The new year was already upon us, and the new January had already brought with it unseasonably warm weather, even as the political climate remained frozen.

Ludwig was walking through the streets of the Temple in the unexpectedly warm weather. The gates of the Temple were just around the corner.

"Ludwig, I think you have a visitor.

"...... Guest?

The story was told to the few remaining dorm users.

'Yes, he doesn't have authorization. He said he'd wait for you outside.'

'ah.......'

As he exited the Temple Gate, Ludwig saw a woman in uniform sitting on a chair in the square in front of the dormitory.

It was the uniform of the Crusader Knights.

She stood up and smiled brightly at Ludwig.

"Ludwig."

"......."

"I'm sorry, I've been busy with a lot of things and I'm just now getting around to seeing you."

Rowen came to Ludwig alone, dressed in the uniform of the Crusaders.

"What can I do for you, new Crusader Master?"

We have just received word that Archbishop Rowen has been named the next leader of the Crusader Knights, following the sudden retirement of Elayon Bolton.

Ludwig's look at Rowen held no hostility or malice.

All that remained was the cold demeanor of a man who had closed himself off to the world.



* * *



The murder of Rowen was originally investigated by the Crusader Knights.

It was up to the Crusader Knights and the Cult of the Lord to announce who had died in that burned-out temple.

Rowen wasn't just faking his death, he was never dead in the first place.

She has now been named the next Crusader Knight Commander following the sudden retirement of Elion Bolton.

That decision was made at a papal meeting.

How can there be a papal conclave if there are no popes?

To Ludwig, who had seen five popes die at her hands, the story was a farce.

Ludwig doesn't know if Elion Bolton really retired or was murdered.

But now I didn't even care about that.

Sitting on a bench in front of the Temple Gate, Rowen said something to Ludwig, who didn't even bother to listen.

About what happened and why it happened.

Why he was almost killed, why he faked his death, why he needed time, why he approached Ludwig.

When Ludwig hears the reason for all this, he stares at Rowen.

There was no shock, no horror, no sense of betrayal at learning the truth.

"So, what did you do?"

Ludwig would only say that.

"......It's just, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's frustrating."

"Are you telling me this because I'm worthless, that you're the one who impulsed the pagans to do what they did, and that's why the Empire killed people like that, and that's why it's the way it is. Are you telling me this because no matter who I tell, no one will believe me?"

"Um......."

Rowen hesitates for a moment, then finally nods.

"I wouldn't necessarily say no, because in this day and age of rumors, people don't believe them as much as they believe them, so if Ludwig went around saying that the new crusader knight was actually the one who pulled the strings in the refugee camp, no one would believe him."

"I'm going to leave what I don't believe, and the inquisitors are going to get me."

"You're right."

I don't care if you know, so don't tell me.

Ludwig stares at Rowen with a hard expression.

"Anyway, did you think that if I heard that, I'd be convinced, that there were circumstances, that what you've been doing has been done with good intentions?"

"I didn't think so, I thought they'd say something mean or try to kill me."

"If I try to kill you, will you die?"

"Nope. Not at all."

Ludwig doesn't show any reaction to Rowen's embarrassment.

Just keep talking in a calm, cool tone.

"So you're saying that you can tell me the truth because I can't kill you for hearing it, and I can't tell people the truth because they won't believe it?"

"I wouldn't say no."

"I'd rather kill you, but not even that......."

"......."

"Not even worth killing?"

"To put it bluntly, yes."

Ludwig was not enraged by Rowen's cruel words.

"Yeah, that's fine."

"......."

"Isn't that weird?"

"What is it?"

"A few days ago, I was treated like I was useless and shouldn't know, and now I'm being treated like I'm useless and should know. Who the hell decides that?"

Some truth.

You don't need to know because you're not important.

It's okay to know, you're not important.

Ludwig ultimately found the behavior and attitudes of those who handled the truth stranger than the truth itself.

In the end, there is no value in truth.

"I've been thinking about it for a few days."

"Yes."

"Your business, the Devil's business, Ellen's business, the Empire's business. I've thought about all of those things, and I've come up with......."

Ludwig opens his mouth with a deadpan expression.

"It's not like Ellen is going to tell you that it's all your fault......."

"It all happened for a reason. I don't know, but there's a reason, there's a story."

"You wouldn't say that, or act that way, unless you had that."

"They can't be looking at each other like that."

"Everyone looks sad, and no one seems to be happy, so I'm guessing everyone had a reason."

"Well, I guess that doesn't matter anymore."

Ludwig looks at Rowen and says.

"You guys seem to think you're in a position to decide something like that."

"That's what matters."

"That's the problem."

"It's not what the truth is, it's not what the story is, it's that attitude of controlling the truth. It's the attitude that you're pretending to care about people, but you're not, and you think you can decide whether they know something or don't know something, and that's the problem."

"I saw that in you guys."

"A very unpleasant, offensive, disgusting sense of superiority."

"You don't know."

"But I'm doing something very great and noble that you don't know about."

"So you don't need to know. Get out."

"You don't know."

"But I did something really great and noble that you didn't know about, and even though it looks bad, it's not, so you understand."

"So listen. How about, listen, am I right, this is what you're doing to me?"

"Isn't this offensive?"

"Sometimes it doesn't tell you, sometimes it does."

"Same reasons, different behavior."

"If the reasoning makes sense, but the behavior is the opposite, then you're just being selfish."

"So, the attitude is the same."

"They don't even treat people who are nothing, people like me, who are worthless, like people."

"Tell me or don't tell me."

"If you go any further than that, you're thinking you're entitled to save or kill someone."

"Just as the popes, whatever wrong they may have actually done, have been put to death by your judgment."

"You guys are just a bunch of weirdos with some very presumptuous delusions."

"Truth?"

"That's it, I don't even want to know anymore."

"It doesn't matter what you're trying to do, what you want, what you've done."

"The important thing is that you're all high on something."

"Whether it's a sense of mission, malice, hatred, revenge on the world, whatever."

"Or the illusion that you're making some great sacrifice to save the world."

"You're drunk on disgusting delusions."

"It's no news to you that you're devils who deserve hell, but I can't give you that punishment because, yes, as you say, I'm nothing."

"But that doesn't make the truth go away."

"It doesn't make the truth go away."

"You're sinners, aren't you?"

"The sinner must be punished, right?"

"Well, you didn't get punished, did you?"

"The truth is this."

"I don't know what's going on with your relationship, or your feelings, or your relationship, or whatever, that I don't know, that I don't want to know, but this is the truth, simple and clear."

"There are so many people buried in what you've done, and you keep burying people, and you keep burying people, and you breathe the truth in each other's faces, and you eat it up, and you understand it, and you lick it, and it's disgusting."

"Truth should be describable in one word."

"You should have been punished, but you weren't."

"That's the only truth."

In a maze of thoughts, judgments, and stories, Ludwig eventually found a simple truth.

Sin requires a price.

If sinners are silent in the midst of each other's sins.

Someone has to be held accountable.

"That Ellen I saw the other day looked pitiful."

"He looked pitiful, so I don't blame him, and I have no reason to blame him."

"I'm sure you have a story, too, just like Ellen's, and maybe you're a poor, pitiful person."

"But."

"Was there even one person who died who didn't?"

"I feel sorry for them, and I feel sorry for them, because they had to die, not knowing anything, caught in the middle."

"So I'd rather not know the truth about you guys."

"Now, even if you guys come out and tell me everything, I'm going to close my ears."

"Because pitying you, understanding you, doesn't make the truth that you need to be punished go away somewhere."

"Because that truth is so obvious."

"Knowing nothing, I will become your enemy."

"No matter what the truth is, no matter what the truth is, no matter how much you deserve it, you're going to pay the price."

"There are so many people who have paid the price for doing nothing wrong, and so many who have been forced to pay for nothing."

"You guys involved in this shouldn't have to pay any consequences, right?"

"Whatever the reason, you guys need to be punished."

"Regardless of your intentions, you're going to pay the price."

"That's the conclusion I came to."

Sin.

There are sinners.

However, there is no referee.

It's hard to find the right line in the sand when you're dealing with the intertwined forces of the Chinese zodiac, the Empire, the Cult of the Gods, and the Demon King.

It's only easy to find the sin.

Finding the guilty party is the easy part.

And it doesn't change the truth that they weren't punished.

Whoever it is.

It doesn't change the fact that everyone is cheating, trampling, and exploiting the little guy in the name of saving everyone.

Lowen smiles at Ludwig.

"It's like seeing the old me."

Someone who was embarrassed by their own smallness.

And Rowen, now a monster, looks at Ludwig as if he were looking into the distant past.

Like it's funny.

As if that's interesting.

"What are you going to do, Ludwig, how are you going to punish these monsters?"

Uselessness can neither be punished nor rewarded.

"......."

"To be a monster's friend, you have to be a monster."

To be a monster's friend, you have to be its equal.

Rowen did just that.

"You don't realize that it's the same if you're trying to kill a monster, do you?"

To kill the monster, you have to be equal.

You have to be a monster.

Rather, if you want to kill, you need to be more monstrous.

"I know."

Ludwig stares at Rowen with dark, abyssal eyes.

Seeing Ludwig like that, Rowen felt a shiver run down his spine in a different way than when he had faced the demon himself not long ago.

"I know."

It was the thrill of creating a monster with your own hands.

Someone who was nothing is about to become something.

Whatever the reason, whatever the intent, whatever the purpose.

It's fun to be something, whether you succeed or fail.

Rowen looks at Ludwig and laughs.

"Good luck, Ludwig."

Ludwig rose from his seat, as if walking away from something unclean, as if it wasn't worth listening to Rowen's ramblings any longer.





第 617页





"You're really going back? Today?"

"Yes."

"I don't think it's that urgent, but....... I can't help it."

Ellen didn't really have anything to call baggage. The only thing she brought with her when she came here was a cat carrier.

So when I went back to the Allied garrison, I was back in my normal clothes, but I didn't have anything else to carry with me.

"The snow has just stopped, but......."

Louise couldn't help but feel bittersweet at Ellen's insistence that they go back now that the snow had stopped falling and the weather had improved.

I came back for a break, got caught up in something strange, and ended up feeling even heavier.

The Demon King has taken control of the Crusader Knights and the Five Great Houses.

And I can't even touch it.

In the face of rapidly changing times, there is no such thing as a good group, but rather a group that survives.

Something radical was about to happen, and it was going to cost an unfathomable amount of blood.

The future of the empire is cloudy, and the time has come for everyone to make a choice.

It would be more peaceful to be on the Allied side of the ecliptic, not the other way around, and that's the way to avoid getting caught up in anything more sinister, especially for Ellen.

If you can't choose anything, you might as well go where you can't see it.

It's just a bunch of unsolvable problems.

There's no telling where this will end up.

If an empire falls, and a demon fills its place.

What fate awaits Ellen, who is supposed to be the devil's arch-enemy.

And what position should Heinrich take there.

No one has the answer.

Everyone is doing something because they fear the future. We all agree that the gate crisis needs to end, but the things we're doing in the hopes that it will, are making the time afterward even more frightening.

Is it really right to make the world a hellhole for the sake of a single absolute?

So what happens to the world after that absolute is achieved?

It is more dangerous for Ellen to remain on the ecliptic.

That's why we're leaving the ecliptic.

But I'd been thinking about it for a while.

"Cat, take good care of me when I come back."

"......Okay."

But for some time now, I've been waiting for a cat that hasn't shown up, a cat that hasn't shown up when I've tried to touch it one last time and leave.

But she never shows up, so Ellen leaves, leaving Heinrich in charge.

It might have disappeared altogether, Ellen had a hunch.

I kept getting that feeling that even if we were together, he would leave at some point.

Someday, from someone, like you've always felt that way.

I don't know why, but I don't think I can help it if it suddenly disappears.

We pass by each other, stay with each other for a while, and wish we could pass by each other again.

It's a shame we won't be able to say goodbye.

Eventually.

Ellen couldn't get too attached to anything too small.

"I'll be there."

Ellen was seen off by Louise and Heinrich, and left the Temple dormitory in silence.

Louise says, watching Ellen's back as she leaves.

"I think we should go back, too."

"......I think you should."

While there are dangers everywhere, it was clear that the imperial ecliptic was now, in a sense, the most dangerous place in the world.



* * *



Not only did it stop snowing like it was a lie, but it melted quickly.

The snow accumulated for a long time, but it only took a few days for it to melt.

We've been having a string of warm days where I've wondered if it's a little too hot.

Ellen walks through the snow-melted streets of Temple.

There's not much to do in the Allied garrison, but in the ecliptic you'll learn too much that you don't need to know.

I'd rather live in ignorance if the goal is to fight anyway.

I decided that it was better to spend this winter not knowing anything than to get lost in a sea of things that were hard to think about and hard to decide.

How long can you hold on to a will that feels like it might break?

What's going on in the world.

If I couldn't go anywhere, if I was going to be forced down a path, like I was being pulled by something, I didn't want to see any paths anymore.

If it's a ship that's going to sink someday, should you abandon it?

Your empire, your own consciousness.

You're just holding on to things that will eventually fall apart.

Ending the Gate debacle should be the top priority right now, but everyone was thinking beyond that.

The Crusaders, the Empire, and countless other groups were already running through the scenarios in their heads.

One by one.

Louise von Schwarz realized that a major pillar of the Alliance, the Crusader Knights, had fallen into the hands of the Devil.

What happens when even the First Reich, Cernstadt, sides with the Devil.

An empire that has lost two of its pillars will cease to be an empire. Other empires will be forced to make a choice the moment this becomes visible.

Which side to take.

The Empire has already lost its legitimacy, and the Devil is the one who caused the Gate.

Both are groups that need to go away. But I don't think there's a megaforce that's going to rise above them.

What if the empire is isolated?

The Empire has an immortal army that can be used even if everything is lost.

We have a more powerful army than ever before.

Whether it's an empire on the verge of collapse, or the slaughter of those who sided with the devil to keep it alive.

Either way, it doesn't change the fact that we are once again at war.

"......."

And Ellen knows where she stands.

Whether victory is guaranteed or downfall is inevitable, you'll be on the side of the Empire.

It will inevitably happen, because another will will one day take its place in the place of the will that has disappeared.

So I'd rather not know.

There's no point in trying to learn something when the path is already set.

Eventually, you'll be nothing more than an undying army, doomed to be swallowed up by something.

For now, you can run away when someone pushes you to fight, but one day you won't be able to.

Like it or not, with or without someone forcing you to.

Fated to become an adversary one day, Ellen returns to the Alliance garrison to escape the aura of division and war that permeates the ecliptic.

Therein lies the only good.

The single, absolute good of ending the gate crisis.

And so, walking through the thawed streets, Ellen found herself near the entrance to the temple.

There's still no such thing as people coming and going.

But there it is, no people, but a small animal.

"......a."

I could see a black cat sitting on a nearby bench, curled up in the sunshine.

The cat turns its head to look at Ellen as she approaches.

-Angel

Ellen walks over to the cat, who is sitting on a bench and seems to be enjoying some much-needed sunshine.

It's a strange animal.

One minute it's gone, the next it's here.

Just when you think you're not coming back and give up and leave, it's waiting at the entrance as if it knew.

If you wait, it won't come.

If you give up, it will show up somewhere.

So I'm being condescending.

Somehow, I can't resist.

Ellen is squatting in front of a bench, eye level with the cat who is looking at her.

Conversations don't work.

But somehow, Ellen has always felt like she understood the conversation.

It seems to recognize my sadness.

They seem to recognize my pain.

It was like he felt my pain.

I'm sure I'm mistaken, but I don't think I am.

Like this now.

It's like he's waiting for Ellen at the entrance to the temple, as if he knows she's leaving.

Do they really know or do they not know.

I wonder if I'm giving meaning to things that are just coincidences.

Still, it's said that coincidences are inevitable.

This cat seemed to know his every thought in such a serendipitous way.

"I'm going to go."

-Angel

Ellen says a simple goodbye.

I wonder if I can come back.

When you return, what will the ecliptic look like?

It's hard to think that anything good can come of it.

Can this little animal survive the rising tide of war?

The Alliance garrison is dangerous, but the Zodiac is dangerous and the Temple is dangerous as it is.

The little guys always get swept away.

The fate of the little guys has always been that way, just as the Gate debacle only swept people away.

But.

The little guy in front of you.

Smaller beings are even smaller.

Maybe it's small, and when the wind blows, it blows, and when the waves crash, they crash.

Maybe it's just that it's too small to matter.

Ellen looked at the little black cat looking at her.

Recalling moments of great comfort in a small being.

"Goodbye."

I said, "I mean it," and kissed the bridge of the cat's nose.

"And, get out of here early."

-Angel

After one last playful slap at Honeybomb, Ellen headed for the Temple Gate.

As she exits the gate, Ellen stares up at the sky.

It's a warm day that has arrived as if to say that the bitterly cold winter is finally coming to an end.

But there was just too much snow.

With this much snow, I wonder if a day or so of warm weather will melt it all.

I've come a long way.

I'm sure there's still plenty of snow on the ground somewhere that doesn't get sunlight.

Who melts snow in the middle of nowhere?

Ellen holds the amulet still.

An amulet representing the moon and sun.

Hold it in your hand and carefully roll it around.

Exhaustion.

Sick and tired.

Maybe it's time to let go.

If it's something you're destined to fight anyway.

I wonder if this is the end of the world.

If the malice and hatred in this world will eventually create a situation that needs to be fought.

No matter what you do, no matter what you try, you're going to be forced to fight at some point.

The moment you feel like giving up.

A moment of vulnerability.

Ellen's eyes sunk deep.

Or maybe I had already reached my limit a long time ago.

It's as if you've pushed the envelope, and now you've reached a critical mass of time.

The sandbar of the ego is submerged beneath the rising waters.

-Took

All too easily, the amulet's leather straps snapped at the slightest tug.

Like when was the last time you had something so precious hanging around your neck to keep it from falling off?

Like finally breaking the shackles.

Like the beginning of something that is only now being liberated.

Ellen tosses the amulet she's been wearing aside like trash and starts walking somewhere.

It's like you've become something completely different.

As if she were now irrelevant to all the past, Ellen walked away and never looked back.

-.......

The black cat cautiously took the round amulet from the ground, and disappeared into an alley.





