Episode 618.





Ellen returned to the Allied garrison.

The Chief's office, on the top floor of the Great Hall of the Crusader Knights.

I was sitting there.

There are five people sitting around, including me.

Olivia Ranze, now the de facto ruler of all denominations.

Liana de Granz stopping by for a quick climate control.

Rowen, the new Crusader Knight Commander.

And Herriot.

"Did Ellen go back to the Allies?"

"......Uh, yeah."

When Herriot asked, I said, "Yes. After all, the Allied positions would be quieter now, and it would be better to rest there.

However, I realized that something was different now.

I didn't rest because I was back in the ecliptic, but rather because I was back, I went through things that were harder to bear.

And I had something to do with it.

Not at first, but that's what happened.

It was bound to happen at some point, but it never felt good to see the back of Ellen's head when she was a completely different person.

"I have seen Ludwig, just as you said."

At my command, Rowen met with Ludwig.

I asked him to tell me a story.

Rowen may be the new asshole, but he sure gets things done.

Rowen has all the pagan forces in the refuge under his control.

Rowen was essential to the unification of the pagan world; after all, like Antirrhinus, you have to use what you can get, even if it's sinister and dangerous.

"I let him go because the Devil said never to do that, but I think it would have been better to kill him."

"How was it?"

"It was like he was going to stab everyone and slit his own throat for nothing."

Herriot's eyes widened at Rowen's eerie description.

Everyone in the room, including me of course, didn't really like Rowen. Or, more accurately, we couldn't like her.

They're only in because they're so valuable.

"That's just you. How is that different from what you did?"

"I don't want to have enemies like that."

It's hilarious how he just accepts it and realizes how weird he is.

"Leave it alone."

"You don't think it's going to be much of a threat, do you?"

I was silent as Rowen asked.

Instead, it was Olivia who answered.

"Yeah, I don't know what he's going to be."

Everyone seemed to agree with Olivia on some level. Even Rowen.

Ludwig is not a threat.

How much can an individual do without being crooked?

I even lost an arm.

The reason Rowen was able to do so much with his crookedness was because of the scope of the behind-the-scenes work he had been doing.

If Rowen was just a crooked Inquisitor or Paladin, there wouldn't be much we could do.

Ludwig, however, is a complete individual with no faction or power.

Ludwig is helpless, so we let him go.

I'm sure that's what you're thinking, but that's not really my intention.

"By the way, if you didn't think he was a threat, why did you insist on meeting with Ludwig? You could have just left him alone."

If Ludwig were not a variable, there would be no reason to send Rowen to meet him, and to all of them, he is too small a human being to be a variable.

"Come to think of it, you've always seemed to secretly care about her, and now you're doing it again."

Herriot shook his head, trying to remember what had happened.

I didn't pay any more attention than necessary, but I was definitely more sensitive to Ludwig's trends than the others.

And, sadly.

I was more shocked by the fact that Ludwig lost his arm than by Delphine's death.

Ludwig and I weren't on bad terms, but we weren't close either. We were in different classes.

And now, it's Ludwig, who can't be a variable and has lost his arm.

There was no point in bringing him back to see Rowen to explain. He'd be frustrated, angry, frustrated, but what the hell, why bother with Ludwig.

If you feel it's a threat, you should kill it.

If they're not a threat, you don't need to meet and talk to them.

Rowen seemed to wonder why I was bothering with Ludwig after all.

Because we were classmates.

The other side seems to take it that way, and Rowen can't help but think of it that way.

And indeed, I have no intention of touching my classmates.

Even if it's a threat to me, even if it's trying to kill me.

Unless that moment is actually in front of me, I'm not going to preemptively kill them just because they might be a threat to me.

In that situation where they actually shoved the tip of a knife into the back of my neck, it would be a different story, but I'm not going to get ahead of myself.

I wouldn't call it my only conscience, but it's my last resort.

I'm not going to cross that line.

If I predicted that someone who used to be a classmate would be a threat to me and killed them before they actually became a threat, I'm sure weirder things would happen if I started doing that.

For personal reasons, for the inexplicable absurdity of the world, I have no desire to kill Ludwig or any of the others with my own hands.

Never, until the moment comes when I am forced to kill them.

"No particular reason."

You don't have to give a specific reason.

You won't be convinced.

Only I know that Ludwig was the original protagonist of this story.

It may not make sense, but if it does, that's the problem.

Then we'd be talking about killing Ludwig.

I'm the only one who realizes that it's a weird situation for the protagonist to be stuck in the ecliptic with a missing arm at a time when he's supposed to be indispensable.

It was a very complicated and horrible set of events that led to this bizarre ending.

Many of the clues and events were already happening, but it was the events that we connected that created Death Knight.

We created Deathknight in the Tomb of the Saints in the Crusader underground.

Rowen began to investigate. He knew that no pagan or demonic faction could be large enough to do such a thing in the first place, so he kept his investigation to a minimum, keeping other factions as possible suspects.

Rowen assumed that either the Devil or the Empire was responsible for this.

She didn't know where the demon was, but the empire was on the ground she was treading.

Meanwhile, Ellen, Ludwig, and Elion Bolton had returned to the ecliptic.

Rowen was informed that Ludwig, a former Temple Royal classmate of the Allies, had taken up a new job with the Guard, and he deliberately approached Ludwig.

And just as he was beginning to gain Ludwig's trust and gather information about the Temple's inner workings, an order was issued to stop the investigation.

Rowen did not heed the order, and Elayon Bolton attempted a purge.

From then on, Ellen followed the case with Ludwig's help.

Eventually, what we did caused other groups and people to move.

And around and around.

I ended up with Rowen offering me control of the Crusader Knights, the Five Great Houses, and the Zodiacal Refugees.

I wasn't expecting that at all.

When I created Deathknight, I never imagined that this would happen.

Now Rowen knows that we're the ones responsible for the undead.

Naturally, Rowen wasn't surprised.

Every event will have a meaning.

What happens is the beginning of the end.

I know this is an ending, but I also know it's a beginning.

I know now that's how the world is made.

Of course, everyone will look at me like I'm a weirdo for reading too much meaning into this, but I can't help it.

These complex events that happened in the ecliptic, that stemmed from what we did.

Is this really how this is going to end, with me swallowing up the Crusader Knights, the Five Great Houses, and the refugee camps?

Is this the real ending?

I sent Rowen to find out what Ludwig was thinking right now.

Ludwig is not a tiny little guy.

Rather, only I know that it has the potential to be the weirdest variable ever.

Ludwig.

Ludwig, who lost his arm.

As they pursued the case, the four eventually realized what the empire was doing.

And Ludwig realized that there was collusion, conspiracy, and lies among the leaders and powerful people of each group.

Isn't that the real ending?

Is it possible that the original protagonist will never get to do anything at all?

Is it even possible for Ludwig to lose his role?

The protagonist should have what they want.

The world is supposed to give the protagonist what they want.

Either way.

What should have been Ludwig's, I took Alsbringer's.

If Ludwig is the protagonist of this world, and if that's really the way the world works, then Ludwig will not deviate from the story's trajectory.

I thought Ludwig was going to be eliminated, but now that he's back in my sights, I don't think he's completely done.

Ludwig can't escape the story. If that premise is correct.

Ludwig should get what he wants.

You want revenge, of course.

And the means to achieve revenge is, of course, power.

Ludwig was rendered useless and lost his arm.

No.

In the first place.

Shouldn't we be looking at it differently?

I didn't lose my arm, did I?

I get it.

I realize now.

"That....... that......."

To give something.

I should have taken something in the first place.

You didn't lose your arm.

Taking the arm was already the beginning of giving something in itself.

It wasn't that he was eliminated in the first place, it was the loss of his arm that set him back on track.

"You, by the way, what is that?"

While I was muttering something unintelligible, Harriet was looking at my hands.

"......Ah, this."

The thing I was rolling around in my hand the whole time we were talking.

"I don't know."

"......?"

I don't know. Why I took this.

I don't know what this means.

To Ellen, it seemed like an object that had come to the end of its usefulness.

Still, I didn't think it should be thrown away.

I took the round, white amulet into my arms.



* * *



Night time.

A dark night when even the researchers are all asleep.

But deep, deep underground, where days and nights become meaningless.

Even there, in the deepest underground quarantine labs.

There were four people there.

Christina gets ready to work, organizing her prepared drugs and reagents in order.

Anna De Guerna drawing a magic circle.

Louis Ankton checks out his tools and equipment.

And.

Center of the spell circle.

There was Ludwig, lying shirtless.

Christina, wearing a mask, inspects the tools, which look more like those of a primitive surgeon than a wizard.

"Think again."

"Please."

"That you're going to die. I've said it dozens of times."

"I've been thinking about it a lot."

Christina narrowed her eyes at Ludwig's words.

"You're going to have a high success rate with a living arm, or an arm from someone who hasn't been dead for a while. It's not hard to get one, it's not ugly or dirty, it's safe and morally sound, it's just a matter of waiting."

"Now you know that's not what I want, Christina."

"......."

Christina realized time and again that she couldn't change Ludwig's mind.

"Ludwig....... Does it have to be this way......?"

Ludwig nods at Anna's words.

"I want to be strong."

"......."

"I'm incompetent, so I don't know any other way."

The good news is, you're not alone in dismissing Ludwig as nothing.

I have friends who are nothing.

Procedures that are more likely to result in death.

I'd rather have the most dangerous procedure there.

There are others who can help Ludwig. Anna and Christina know now that it's impossible to convince Ludwig.

However, just because you want to doesn't mean you can, and you shouldn't cast such dangerous magic on your friend's body without proper preparation.

So all three of them wanted to make sure Ludwig was in the best possible condition, checking him closely and starting him on medication a few days ago.

The result.

Louis speaks from outside the circle.

"Ludwig, I've done a full physical, and you're different from everyone else. A lot."

"...... is different?"

"That means it's abnormal."

Louis looks at the data he's checking and sees something with a serious look on his face.

Anna and Christina already knew this.

At Louis' words, Ludwig lay back and looked puzzled.

"In other words, your talent is really weird."

Before starting anything, Louis Ankton carefully examined Ludwig's body and noticed something very strange.

Other classmates had powerful superpowers, or two, or three, or an all-encompassing talent. In Ellen's case, she had many, many such all-encompassing talents.

But in comparison, Ludwig has only one talent: stamina.

A royal class, or even a B class, talent.

Ludwig never thought of himself as gifted.

However, there was only one Ludwig who had a talent called stamina.

"Strange talent?"

"I thought your talents were related to things like muscular endurance and exercise sustainment until now....... I guess not."

"Ludwig."

Christina receives Louis' message.

Wear gloves securely, and look through a mask.

"I think your talent is more on the Vitality side, not Stamina."

Not getting tired is the only advantage, or so I've been led to believe.

Talents related to vitality, not endurance.

Ludwig doesn't know what that means specifically.

What I thought was my only talent, turned out to be a pretty big one.

You don't need to know anything specific anyway.

"Anyway, for now....... That's good, right?"

It means that your talents can help you when you're on the cusp of success.

I was able to get the gist of it.

"Yeah, I'm saying you have a much better chance of not dying than other people."

"Good."

"Of course, that doesn't mean you'll be successful, keep that in mind."

"Okay."

Ludwig was blessed with unusual stamina.

It's not just about strength or endurance.

It's the lifeblood.

Louis Ankton realized that Ludwig had an uncanny power over him, as if he was being favored by something inscrutable.

Stamina.

It was indeed a strange and alien talent, Louis confirmed.

After a while, Anna, who has completed her circle, steps out of the circle, and Louis takes something from the prepared port.

It was an arm.

It was something in the shape of a right arm.

Ludwig asks, as he watches Louis bring in the arm.

"May I ask whose arm it is?"

Louis carefully lays it down where Ludwig's right arm should be.

"Larken Simonsteinstein."

"......I see."

Ludwig's eyes narrow as he listens. The name is not unfamiliar to Ludwig.

Larken Simonsteidt.

A traitor to humanity who rose to the rank of Grandmaster.

Saviolin Tana's squadron, humanity's strongest.

His right arm is placed where Ludwig's arm should be.

Louis steps back, and Christina approaches Ludwig, wearing gloves and a mask.

There's no telling how much of a difference an arm transplant will make.

However, it is clear that something unexpected will happen.

It's a simple graft, but in the end, the thing being grafted is the arm of a man who was once considered one of the strongest in the world, regenerated and enhanced with black magic and alchemy.

If the transplantation and adaptation is successful, something unexpected will happen.

With the arm of one who was a traitor to mankind, will you slay the enemies of mankind.

"That's it. I'll make it work, Ludwig."

"Please."

"Together, let's take revenge on the world."

Christina's eyes light up.

"Make them pay for all of this, make sure they pay."

I tried to get her to give up and quit, but as hard as I tried, she couldn't help but agree with Ludwig.

Seeing Christina's eyes glowing with madness and vengeance, Ludwig looks to the ceiling.

"Yes....... The price."

"I'll have to get something like that."

"I'm stupid."

"But no more, I'm going to ask other people for their opinions, and I'm going to ask for confirmation that my judgment is correct."

"Maybe I'm wrong, maybe I'm wrong, but I'm not going to look to others for answers anymore."

"Wrong is wrong."

"If it's right, it's right."

"I will take the path of my choice."

"I'm sure they all had their reasons."

"Maybe there's a reason, and it's something I can't help but accept."

"But, if."

"I can do that, too."

"I can do this too."

"I have to accept my inevitability."

"Like they justify a lot of things by saying they had no choice."

"Me too, I'll justify being this person in this world they've created."

"That's okay."

"If it's okay for them, it's okay for me."

"Revenge......."

"Well, I don't think it's plural."

"This one, yeah, as they like to say."

"Not for revenge or retribution......."

Ludwig says.

"Well, it's just the way it is."

Inevitability disguised as chance.

The words "I had no choice" repeated and piled up.

Another inevitability.

We've come to an end and a beginning.





