Episode 623.





On my way to convince Elion Bolton, I heard the Duchess's gentle but firm rebuke without actually speaking to Elion Bolton.

Fools are not the only ones who become tyrants.

No, there are only so many kinds of foolishness a man who sits on the throne can do.

A tyrant can be someone who kills people without any real principles, or someone who wages wars of conquest for no good reason.

But trying to read too much into the affairs of outsiders, and refusing to kill enemies who haven't bared their teeth to you, can be a tyranny in itself.

The Duchess was pointing out that the need to kill, the need I'm talking about, is very narrow.

It might be a threat.

It was pointed out to me that in these dangerous times, when the mere possibility is enough to make the choice to annihilate an opponent, I should first think about not killing someone I don't know if they are an enemy or an ally.

I thought I only had to kill enemies.

That was too human.

By the time you realize it's an enemy, they've already bared their teeth and a fight is scheduled.

Another way is to kill them before they become an enemy.

I am not Wang Jie.

But how long do you have to use that as an excuse to say that you don't have what it takes to be a king because you're already a king, and that's just not a rationalization or an excuse.

I had nothing to say to the Duchess, who was feeling insecure, that my methods were dangerous.

I agree with him.

As if protecting the flock inside the fence wasn't enough, I've been living with the idea that the beasts roaming outside the fence might be my flock.

The king is supposed to be the guardian of the inside of the fence, and everything outside the fence is the enemy.

I wasn't doing that.

I wouldn't want a monarch of that nature ruling over the land where I and my children live.

I'm not asking you to kill Elion Bolton.

I asked him if he would continue to do that, and if he realized how dangerous it was.

No nation has ever been built on love, understanding, and mercy.

A throne can only rest on what is taken.

And that throne must be maintained by blood.

If you're asking me if I didn't know that truth, I didn't.

It's just hard to accept that.

The Duchess wasn't telling me something that only she knew.

It told me something that everyone around me knew but didn't dare tell me.

Maybe they're sorry, maybe they know I'm struggling, maybe they don't want to put any more pressure on me.

The Duchess said what everyone knows but no one tells me.

That, too, is courage.

The walk was neither long nor short.

We walked in silence, the atmosphere heavy.

Back at the manor, Elayon Bolton and Charlotte are outside.

The conversation is over.

"Reinhard, a moment, Lord Bolton wants to talk to you."

"...... is it?"

I don't know how the story turned out.

But judging by the look on Charlotte's face, it didn't seem like a bad outcome.



* * *



An exclusive interview with Elion Bolton.

Not inside the mansion, but outside. The footprints of the beach I had just walked on were still there.

I don't know what we talked about, but it made my heart feel even heavier.

"I don't think I ever had a choice."

"......Yes."

The original leader of the Crusaders was Reverie Lance, and that hasn't changed.

Olivia Ranze left the story at the margin.

Elion Bolton was one of the figures on the margins.

I don't know the personal history of Leverier Ranze, and I certainly don't know the personal history of Elion Bolton.

We only know what's going on in his public life.

With the fall of radical Leviathan Lance, centrist Elayon Bolton became the next leader of the Crusader Knights.

It would not have been of his own volition. The Empire wanted Elayon Bolton to be the leader of the Crusaders, and whether or not the popes were swayed by that, they would have wanted to keep a check on one of the key players in the Demon War, the war hero Leviathan Lance. The last thing they wanted was for the Crusaders to become too influential.

For one reason or another, Elayon Bolton became a Crusader Knight. It didn't matter if he wanted to be a crusader or not.

Even in the immediate aftermath of the Gate debacle, he was swayed by the opinions of the Pope, Ellen, and Olivia.

And over time, popes chose to make the Church the devil's own.

After only a few days, I was forced to back out.

And now, I've been offered the opportunity to become a Paladin of the Holy Order, with the possibility of returning to the Crusade.

In this way, he was a terribly manipulative person.

As if to show that despite his own authority and strength and lack of power, a man can be bent to the will of a greater power and a greater will.

"But now I realize that all the gods I have ever believed in have been false."

Right.

From the beginning, the teaching of the five gods and demons was all in vain.

Nothing is true, and even beliefs are just reinterpreted.

"Moreover, Tiamata has two forms."

"......Yes."

"Can you show me?"

Hearing is not enough.

Or do I need to see it with my own eyes, to know that the gods really are as powerful as the theocracy says they are.

I don't know which one, but I summoned Tiamata in my right hand.

Tiamata, a sword of purity with a milky white hilt.

But that's probably not what you want.

-curl!

You don't even need to say the word.

In response to my will, Tiamata's blade turns black and begins to shed its darkness.

"......The aura of corruption."

Elayon Bolton sees the magic sword Tiamata and stares at it in silence.

"Got it?"

"Good enough."

Elayon Bolton smiles bitterly as he summons his magic sword, Tiamata.

"Are the gods evil, or have we just been misunderstanding them all this time?"

The same is true here, where the gods are considered to be beyond the scope of human understanding.

However, it also lends power to misconceptions.

I thought I trusted them enough to lend a hand, when in fact I misunderstood them.

What the gods are.

Elion Bolton seemed to be stuck on that fundamental question.

"Just because you're a member of the Holy Order doesn't mean you have a full understanding of the Gods."

Demons and gods are the same thing.

That said, it's questionable whether five weeks is really five weeks.

"I can't tell you where it came from, but here's a fun fact."

"Is there anything else I should be surprised about here?"

"They say vampires came from the sun and moon gods in the first place."

The truth from Luna Artorius.

Vampires actually came from the gods.

Those who sought eternal life prayed to the moon, and they were blessed by the moon and cursed by the sun.

That's the beginning of a vampire, or so I've heard.

Those who asked the gods for forgiveness long enough were granted it.

Instead, they were forever cut off from the world.

"I don't think you're kidding."

Elion Boulton laughed bitterly, as if he knew that what he was saying was not even worthy of a trivial joke.

"To say I didn't have a choice is, in fact, a lie."

"......?"

"I just didn't have an opinion."

I guess that's how it works, so to speak.

"If he didn't want to lead the Crusade, he could have turned it down. But he didn't."

"If I had decided that the demon should be killed, or that he should be spared, I could have done so. But I chose nothing."

"If he wanted to challenge the decision of the popes to side with you, he could have said so, and he didn't."

"When you asked me to retire, if I didn't like it, I could have pulled a knife. But I didn't do that."

"It went with the flow. It's always been that way."

"Looking back, what a coward's life."

It's not that we didn't have a choice.

We didn't pick the less likely option, we just always went with the flow.

He had power and strength, but he lived a life in the middle, always going with the flow. He was not a judge of what was right or wrong.

Who is the majority.

Where's the buzz.

He went with the flow.

Neither an absolute proponent nor an absolute opponent.

It's a life of getting swept up or getting on board.

Elion Bolton seemed to realize that his earlier statement about not having a choice was a lame excuse.

"So, now you're going to make a choice of your own volition, is that it?"

"No way, it's still a big deal."

There is no such thing as resistance.

"If you've been a coward once, you might as well be a coward all the way, because at least you'll have one principle to live by: consistency."

A life without conviction or pride.

There may have been a time when he thought there was such a thing, but Elion Bolton admits that he's now too old to talk about it.

So, if you're a coward for the rest of your life, at least you've been consistent with being a coward for the rest of your life.

Not the consistency of a lifetime of goodness, but the consistency of a lifetime of cowardice.

The attitude of Elion Boulton, that he would rather be cowardly for the rest of his life than to make a choice and find his own way, was somehow hopeless.

"Considering that my rare choice to kill my subordinate turned out to be the worst choice ever, I guess I'm not supposed to make choices. Or is that just an excuse?"

Elion Bolton laughs.

Laugh long and hard.

As always.

An old man's self-help is often mixed with woe.

Elion Bolton's realization that when he looked back on his life's work, all he had left was cowardice.

The woe mixed with that self-help.

It was overwhelmingly sad.



* * *



I also spoke briefly with Elion Bolton afterward.

"For months, I've been touring the country."

"It must have been a strange sight for you."

The coexistence of humans and demons is something I sometimes find disturbing.

"I did."

It's off the beaten path here, but he seems to have stayed in Rajak and wandered around.

Probably with the Duchess.

We don't know if the Duchess or Elion Bolton asked for it first.

"I can't help but think it's a strange land."

"That would be weird."

He must have thought a lot about the landscapes created in the Edina Archipelago.

"Ogres plow fields, trolls build buildings, orcs stand guard, succubi comfort children who have lost their parents and sleep with them, and mermaids appear on beaches to joke with people......."

"Wonderland."

"Was this even possible?"

"If this is possible, why haven't we done it before?"

"Why do we."

"Fear each other, hate each other."

"Had to die and be killed."

"Why was I able to say, in no uncertain terms, that there was no other option."

"Where did that come from, and how did everyone come to believe it?"

"It made me wonder."

Elion Bolton stares up into the blue sky of spring.

"Demon....... No. Reinhardt."

"Uh."

"This country, in a sense, would be a disaster."

Disaster.

Still, I think it's much more livable than the ecliptic.

But I didn't know what that meant.

"Do you realize how many people will despair just by realizing that the long, long history of hatred we've built up against each other was actually for nothing, that this could have been?"

"I guess you could look at it that way."

All the wars so far have been pointless.

A history of hate, of believing it was right, and then seeing the consequences of that futile belief.

They were able to coexist and be symbiotic.

The Demon War was not a glorious war.

For many, it may feel more like despair than hope, as it turns humanity's values and history on its head.

"Did you despair?"

"Yeah."

Most of all, it was Elion Bolton himself who felt despair in the midst of this peaceful and bizarre scene.

The dead, the dying.

They didn't have to, because they felt it.

"If I knew this was possible. No, in a world like this, there would have been no Gate."

The result of our distrust of each other is our current reality.

In a society of coexistence and symbiosis, there would have been no hatred, distrust, or fear of demons in the first place, and there would have been no Demon War to cause all of this.

Then, the humans invaded the demons.

It was a lack of faith and trust that caused all the problems.

In fact, it was the source of everything.

It was funny.

The Duchess said to hate everyone on the other side of the fence.

Elion Bolton realized that all the blood and tears had been for nothing.

Those who do not know war speak of killing, and those who know war speak of peace.

The pointlessness of killing.

"Humans weren't the only ones afraid of demons."

The same was true for the demons.

For a very long time, demons also feared humanity.

Elyse, an ancient Archdemon, once dreamed of humanity's destruction.

Even the great demon Valie was afraid of humans, which is why he wanted to go to a world without them.

They were both afraid of each other.

"I hate this country."

Elion Bolton said with a stern look on his face.

Because the moment I realized that peace was possible, I realized that everything I had done in the past could not be justified.

It was no longer a victory over the absolute enemy of humanity, but a slaughter that was nothing more or less than a terrorized madness.

Elion Bolton can't help but hate the scene, because he's been forced to face a grim truth.

"But I don't like it, so it's a landscape that must be preserved."

In the end, all of this shows us something we never thought possible.

You can't help but feel despair, but it's not a sight that should go away.

Truth doesn't go away because it's denied.

Just because you've learned a truth you don't want to know doesn't mean you can get it out of your head.

You can't erase the truth once it's been drilled into your head.

He seemed to think he had no choice but to defend this truth.



* * *



After speaking with Elion Bolton, Charlotte and I were on our way back to Razak.

"I agreed to cooperate, but what did you talk about?"

When I spoke to Charlotte, it seemed like Elion Bolton had already agreed to work with her.

This is the life of a coward, and I will remain a coward for the rest of my life.

It would have been hard to admit that.

"Nothing much."

I don't know if Elion Bolton told me about his cowardice or if he told Charlotte as well, but I'm reluctant to go into more personal details.

"They say it's a strange land."

Elion Bolton was shocked.

Wonderland.

Sure, it was a sight to behold for the demonic exterminators.

"Sure, it's a strange land."

Charlotte giggled in agreement. I come from a world where I am essentially human, and there are no such things as demons.

I'm the one who finds this sight the strangest.

As with most wars, the Demon War was no different.

There was no such thing as deserving to die.

"It worked out just like I thought it would, but you look like shit."

"Uh, no. Good. Good."

"Then smile a little."

I smiled sheepishly at Charlotte's comment.

I can't stop thinking about it.

The Duchess says you must be willing to kill to keep the peace.

The words of Elion Bolton, who, after a war he thought was a justifiable killing, despaired at its futility.

The Duchess probably wasn't wrong.

But if I live by the Duchess' words, I will be Elion Bolton.

You should be afraid of your neighbors.

Forced to repeat the same history, knowing that the end of that fear is now.





