Episode 624.





A city in ruins, somewhere on a continent.

A street in an abandoned city that has become unrecognizable.

There were a few figures in robes gathered there.

"The Immortals have already finished laying out their lines, and now the Allies are going to move again, and we're all going to the front."

Christina, clad in robes, spoke to the others, who, like her, were clad in black robes.

"How's the reverse recall device doing?"

"I've already seen it work on a couple of initial startups, so it shouldn't be too much of a problem with a high loss rate."

"All good."

The men in black robes looked at Christina and nodded.

"We were never in a position to say we had a lot of time, but they've done a good job so far."

At the black-robed men's flattering words, Christina nodded.

"What's next?"

"Then......."

The men in black robes were silent for a moment at Christina's question.

"I know it's ridiculous to be discussing this before the Gate debacle is over, but isn't it about time we talked about it?"

The black robes fall silent at Christina's question.

After the Gate debacle. What to do next.

One of the black robes says.

"The empire has outlived its usefulness."

An empire that has done so much evil to survive has lost its rationale and legitimacy.

For now, the rhetoric may keep it afloat, but when the Gate debacle is over, people will want to hold the Empire accountable.

"To survive, the Empire will have to find its next cause."

"Is it the devil?"

"Yeah."

If your empire is being sustained by the absolute rationale of the gate crisis, once that rationale is gone, it's time to find the next one.

All in the name of killing the demon that caused it all.

"It was a rationale for the Empire to unite all of humanity. Why not use it again?"

It was the existence of the Darklands and the Demon King that allowed the Empire to unite all of humanity so long ago.

To all attempts at division and to the forces of discord, it was said, "How should we fight among ourselves when the devil is strong?" There was no cause that outweighed that cause.

No empires were created, no empires were maintained.

If the devil doesn't exist, it's not possible in the first place.

So after the Gate debacle, it's just a matter of reverting to the old rationale.

"But the masters of the empire need not be the House of Gradias. All that is needed is for the mistakes of the last empire to die with the House of Gradias, and for a new one to be born."

Empires must exist to unite humanity. However, its masters may change.

At Black Robe's words, Christina stares at him.

"If you're going to maintain an empire in the name of the Devil, he's not on the list, is he?"

It's about uniting humanity against an enemy, and that enemy is the devil.

So the Black Robes were not planning on the Devil becoming the next ruler of the Empire.

"Of course, demonic rule would be unacceptable to most people. The chaos would be far greater than the current state of the Empire."

"Hmmm....... Yeah. Because you said it's more about how people perceive you than what you actually did wrong......."

Christina smiles meaningfully and nods slowly.

"So, who's supposed to be the next master of the empire, you guys?"

"......No way. We have a policy of not being up front."

The attitude of the men in black robes was resolute, as if they had no intention of abandoning their principles despite being reduced to a tiny minority.

"Yeah, that's what I'm curious about, because even though it's only now decaying like this, the Order's lore is still intact, its magic is still intact, and that's why it can create immortals, so what's the need to only move from behind like this?"

"There are some things that can only be done behind the scenes, and we're a group built to do those things."

A banner for humanity.

The Black Order is willing to betray humanity for the sake of its banner.

The moment they come to the forefront, their meaning fades. So instead of coming to the forefront, they do what only they can do: stay behind the scenes of history.

"There are many possible candidates to become the next Lord of the Empire, but they must first have some distance from the Empire, have earned enough majors to close the Gate, and be a worthy leader of humanity in their own right."

"Louise von Schwarz of Cernstadt is a possibility. She is the largest power after the Empire, and her character and personality are neither extreme nor overly compromised. She has the character to be a leader, and I can't fault her major. However, she almost certainly killed her own siblings with her own hands, which could prove to be a weakness in the future."

"The Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine, Raphael de Saint-Antoine, is not without possibility. His expertise in creating Titans is unparalleled, and he has remained true to the time-honored House of Saint-Ouen principle of walking the straight and narrow. While it is the opposite of our position that the power of an apostle should be wielded wherever possible, the attitude of the House of Saint-Thuan and its current patriarch, Grand Duke Saint-Thuan, deserves the respect and admiration of the people. In this case, however, the daughter is too great a risk, and no matter how well she does, she is not properly recognized by the people."

"There are a few other candidates, but ultimately there are issues with them being less powerful, less specialized, or not being able to take on the other big players."

"Because."

"Eventually."

"Ellen Artorius."

"She is suitable."

"The power, the symbolism, the people's support all point to her."

"If she can lay the foundation for the next empire, that would be the best outcome."

A great weight in the name of the warrior.

The Empire has lost its legitimacy, and there is an enemy worthy of extermination.

The warrior becomes a name and a symbol that weighs more than any nobleman, more than any king.

In the aftermath of the Gate, the fall of the old empire and the rise of the new will be necessary for the unity, prosperity, and unity of humanity.

Ellen Artorius becomes master of a new empire.

The Black Order decided that this was the best ending for the situation.

Christina remained silent, listening to the story.

It was the man with his back against the wall at the edge of the meetinghouse who had been silent until now.

"After all....... again."

At the sudden words, the gazes of the black-robed men turn toward them.





"Are you going to tell Ellen, who can barely stand to be called a warrior, that she must now become an emperor?"

His haphazardly grown black hair fell to the base of his neck, and his arms were bandaged outside his cloak.

"I have a question."

Black, abyssal eyes, visible through the haphazard growth of his hair, stare at those in robes.

"Who the hell are you guys to decide something like that?"

A hush falls over the room.

"Who the hell are you guys to tell me what the world is and what it should be, and how can you be so sure it's the way it should be?"

The man with the bandaged right arm, Ludwig, stares at everyone with eyes as deep as the void.

"Because that's the way to go for everyone."

The corner of Ludwig's mouth twitches up at that.

"Yeah....... That's the best justification ever."

"The only and absolute excuse for all evil deeds, all sin, and all blame."

"That disgusting sound of a path for all was what brought you here, and it was what you said to rationalize yourselves."

"For everyone?"

"No....... No."

"That horse is there for you."

"I mean, people who pick up on that."

"It's just an excuse for you guys."

"You're just as much an accomplice to the Gate debacle, aren't you?"

"You just want to run the world your way."

"When things go wrong, are you going to say, like anyone else in the world, that you didn't really mean for this to happen?"

"In the face of such a disastrous outcome, are you going to tell me that you didn't actually want this?"

"And then you're going to try to manipulate the world by trying to solve a problem that you got wrong, claiming you're going to get it right this time?"

For the world.

For the sake of humanity.

For the good of all.

They are merely excuses prepared for those who would do such a thing.

"So, what are you saying?"

The men in black robes say.

"Do you have the best answers, do you know who should be the next master of this world, do you know how to make peace, how to completely erase the seeds of another conflict of division and killing?"

Ludwig shakes his head at the question.

"Is your statement that all the world's problems would disappear if Ellen became emperor correct?"

"......."

"Since the Order of the Lord has already fallen to the Devil, if Ellen becomes Emperor, are you saying that they will simply support the warrior who became Emperor and be done with it?"

"......there's going to be some noise."

Ludwig smirked at that.

"It's just that what you guys are proposing is one of the ways, and even if the empire exists as it is, even if the world falls to the devil, even if Ellen becomes emperor, something is going to go wrong somewhere, and someone is going to die somewhere."

"I used to think there was a right answer, and I was just too stupid to get to it. That's what I thought."

"But now I know."

"That there was no right answer, just the only right answer."

"I thought you said each of you was a little bit responsible for all of this?"

"Whoever owns the next continent is going to be a little bit right and a little bit wrong."

"I mean, there's no such thing as a perfect answer."

"So without you, the world will have another answer that's just a little bit wrong, but just a little bit right."

"I'm not going to bother with that."

"I don't need to think of the right answer."

"Punishment, not answers."

"You who want to be judged on your intentions, not your results, on the subject that caused all of this. People like you who keep trying to push your own answers in the name of what's best for everyone."

"To erase the likes of you from the world."

"That's what I'm going to do."

I don't know the answer.

It doesn't even exist.

But then there are those who try to manipulate the world by insisting that they've found the right answer this time.

People who have never had to pay for a wrong answer, who keep telling me they have good intentions, who run the world and try to victimize me.

Ludwig thinks they should be wiped off the face of the earth.

Order's words that Ellen should be Emperor.

It can also lead to a good ending.

However, it's already disgusting that there are people behind the scenes trying to manipulate the world with words like that.

At Ludwig's threatening demeanor, the mages begin to rise from their seats one by one.

"Christina, I don't know if this is what you wanted to do in the first place."

When asked if bringing Ludwig to the Order's meetinghouse was the plan all along, Christina shrugged.

"The devil is in the details, so to speak."

Christina was sending frosty glances toward the robes.

Something starts to creak.

In fact, it's a given.

What the Emperor once tried to say, Christina gives back to the wrong people.

"If the world turns out the way you say it will, it will be so disgusting."

There was madness in her eyes, filled with hatred and anger.

Similar to Ludwig, but a little different.

It was, well, vengeful.

Surviving because those responsible are doing it for the world.

As if he couldn't stand it.

"So, I don't need you guys anymore."

"You know you're not the only one who can say that."

Mutually beneficial.

It's been a fact of life for Juji since the beginning.

The wizards of the Black Order are preparing something.

"Why, to summon an immortal?"

"......!"

The moment she reads the intent, she sits back and shrugs.

"Didn't you guys realize that you gave it to me with no safeguards in the first place?"

The fact remains that they were only temporarily cooperating in the name of Gate.

"Well, it's obvious: If I try to betray you, you'll try to take control of the Immortals, and you've already made arrangements for that."

"......."

"It's weird when they don't do that."

The wizards are silenced by Christina's words.

Immortals are controlled by magic. It makes sense, then, that they would have the means to do so, putting the technology in Christina's hands and using the resources of the Empire to perfect it.

Immortals become the property of the Black Order at the moment of absolute necessity.

Just as the Emperor knew what would happen the moment he created the Immortal, yet allowed it to happen, so too did Christina not assume that he had no such intentions.

Christina laughs.

Laugh at the wizards of the Order.

"By the way, isn't it a bit optimistic to think that you guys would have created an immortal exactly as you instructed?"

"......Did you think that was magic you could touch?"

The knowledge that the Black Order has imparted is immeasurable.

Simply implementing how to create an immortal is already the domain of geniuses.

However, finding and modifying the Black Order's hidden formulas is impossible.

The Black Order, of course, predicted what their opponents would predict.

I said, "If you want to do it, go for it.

"There are a lot of unreasonable geniuses in the world, and I guess you guys didn't expect that on the subject of secret societies."

It was home to some of the continent's greatest minds.

Only those who have talent know how unreasonable it is.

"......Why, it's not working?"

"......."

Already seeing in their expressions that her arrangement had worked, Christina smiled wickedly.

It's not that the Black Order was stupid.

It's just that someone's genius overwhelmingly exceeds someone else's expectations.

The Black Order was in decline.

The leaders are all dead.

Even the last of the remaining masters had been oxidized in the fight with the demon earlier.

What's left are the Black Order, who weren't so great after all.

Sadly.

It's just dregs.

The magic, visions, and arts of the great leaders are intact, but they can't even begin to embody them.

Residuals.

It was inevitable that they were unaware of the accidents of geniuses and the dangers of geniuses.

The only thing they could do with their rampage was to gain access to the Empire and the Temple geniuses who could harness its power.

It was the last thing they could do.

Those with the ability and talent have already died fighting the monsters of the Gate and battling demons.

That's about as far as they could go.

"In the end, does it look like this......."

One of the Order's wizards finally shakes his head.

Who knew this would happen?

They just needed to do something, and they wanted to do something, even though they knew that everything they ended up with wasn't going to be the way they wanted it to be.

The people who used to run the world from behind the scenes are now too good to do so.

And yet, in trying to do so, they ended up playing into the hands of those who hate them.

It's a simple story.

I tried to take advantage of it, but it took advantage of me.

They tried to take advantage of each other, and in the end, the weaker party got taken advantage of.

"Ludwig."

At Christina's urgent call, Ludwig's right hand surges with energy.

The sword is energized and takes the form of a sword.

Ludwig walks slowly toward the wizards awaiting death.





