Episode 625





A street in an abandoned city.

"I'm surprised you didn't try to run away."

Christina muttered to herself as she looked at the Order's mages, the ones who had been slain, and the way they lay dead.

Ludwig's right arm was still bandaged, as if he'd just summoned an ominous, eerie Auror Blade of Darkness.

The Order's mages were all slaughtered by Ludwig.

He didn't even try to run away.

"You knew there was no point in trying to run away."

"I don't know."

Anna de Guerna, waiting in the distance, approaches over the ruined rock ledge.

"No life detected nearby. This is....... that's all."

Anna looks away from the dead bodies with a stony expression.

Even if she had tried to flee, she would have been caught in Anna's spell, and the Immortal Archmages waiting in the distance were raising their shields.

"There might be a residual, but it doesn't matter, they're not going to take the immortal out of our hands anyway."

With that, the Black Order disappeared from the world for good.

You may have missed one or two, and you may have survived, but there's no point in trying.

"It's kind of scary to think that if it wasn't for Louis, I might have lost my entire immortal."

Christina grinned wickedly.

The intentions of the Black Order were obvious to begin with.

That's why he focused on uncovering the Black Order's tricks.

If it weren't for Louis, the Black Order would have tried to bend the world to their will, if not by force. By using immortals.

I wouldn't even call it a battle.

In a battle of genius and intrigue, genius won.

The Immortals that the Black Order wanted to make their army are now Christina's army.

"Ludwig, what do you think?"

"What?"

"Ellen becomes emperor, the devil becomes emperor, and things stay the same."

Christina asks.

"What do you think is better?"

To Christina's question, Ludwig says simply, as if it's a no-brainer.

"I don't know."

It was a straightforward answer, without even a second thought.

"Well, it'll work out."

It's good to be ignorant of what you don't know.

There's something you want to do.

Then it just does it.

Let the world's business be the world's business.

Ludwig replies and stares at his right hand.

The Grandmaster's arm gave Ludwig great strength.

Ludwig had the power to skip several steps.

But he couldn't get used to the foreign sensation of his own body.

It was an impossible procedure for the average person to endure.

'Years at most.......'

The Dettomorian's words that you're going to die.

Now Ludwig truly understood what he was talking about.

It's only been a few days since I've been able to get up and move around properly, after enduring pain that would have killed me.

At some point, your body will reach its limits.

We were paying the price now, in real time, for putting things together that shouldn't have been put together in the first place.

"Are you okay......?"

Anna studied Ludwig's complexion with concern. Ludwig nodded with a stony expression.

The body is still holding up.

I can fight again.

Until the body is shattered.

Until you finish what you need to do.

You just have to hang in there until then.

"Yeah. It's okay."

Not yet.



* * *



"Report on the readiness of all troops for departure."

With the telepathic Ibiaman in front of him, Emperor Bertus sat still in the barracks of the General Headquarters.

She sends telepathic messages to the commanders of each of the armies, and they report back to her, summarizing the situation.

"The whole army is ready, Your Majesty."

Telepathic abilities streamline the communication process.

So Ivia was acting as a messenger, not moving from her seat.

"We will begin our march toward Gethosia tomorrow. We estimate that it will take us ten days to reach Gethosia, and the advance party will have already cleared the warp gates on a small city-sized scale, so there will be combat upon arrival. Make sure your respective commanders are fully aware of that fact."

If you're running Immortals, you can probably leave the small and medium-sized warp gates to them.

The only time you'll need to go all-out is when you're trying to capture a large city warp gate. These will get progressively harder, so if Gethonia isn't a breeze, expect it to get harder later on.

If Gethonia was difficult to capture now that we had the unrivaled army of Immortals, the remaining battles would be even more daunting.

The weather eased up, and the troops had a long winter's rest.

"Starting tomorrow, until we see a complete end to the gate situation, the military will not stop."

The Emperor blandly gave the order, and Ivia was quietly spreading the word to all the military commanders.



* * *



Leading up to the departure, the garrison was quieter than busy.

With the bare minimum of tents and supplies, the long march was about to begin.

Like a beast ready to wake up after a long, long winter's sleep.

From now on, there will be no such long breaks.

The end of war, the end of humanity.

The army will advance until one of the two paths is clear.

In this tranquil garrison, those who had been in the temple so far were ready to depart.

Christina.

Anna.

Louis Ankton.

And Ludwig.

Naturally, everyone was horrified.

Ludwig, who lost his arm and had to return home, has clearly gotten his right arm back, albeit in a sling.

"Ludwig? No, that arm is......?"

Ludwig smiled sheepishly at Lanyon Sessor's question.

"There was an experimental procedure, and I was the first patient."

"Are you okay......?"

"Uh, it moves surprisingly well."

Ludwig demonstrated that he was fine by clenching and unclenching his fist and moving his arm up and down.

There are certain procedures that can restore a missing arm.

None of us had a clue what it was, so we were at a loss for words as we watched Ludwig's nonchalant demeanor.

Getting your arm back is great, but is it really in a condition to fight?

Judging by his bandaged arm, Ludwig didn't look like he was in any condition to fight.

Ludwig shook his head, as if he knew the concern.

"He's not going to be in direct combat, he's going to be in a rear support unit, so don't worry about it."

"Ah, ah, ah....... I see."

It was a lie.

Ludwig was supposed to be working with Immortal.

In a way, he was fighting in the most dangerous place since the rearguard action began. Ludwig had no need or reason to tell his friends.

Rumors of Ludwig's sudden return and regained right arm were bound to spread through the Royal Class garrison.

Scarlett heard about Ludwig's news, and she couldn't help but come to him.

"Ludwig......?"

"Scarlett, it's been a while."

Scarlett stared at Ludwig's new right arm, her mouth hanging open in disbelief.

Ludwig explained to the others what had happened to his arm and told them not to worry, as he would never have to go into battle himself.

"That would be great, but......."

But everyone was looking at Ludwig, who had returned, and feeling uncomfortable.

Aside from getting his arm back, you can't help but notice the change in Ludwig's mood.

Ludwig's eyes are dark and sullen. You sense something in his disheveled appearance.

Plus, it was obvious to anyone with a little bit of eyesight.

The lengths of Ludwig's left and right arms are a bit odd.

The right arm was a little longer. Slightly unnaturally so.

We don't know what the experimental procedure was, but we do know that it was no ordinary procedure.

Ludwig's return had a dangerous air about it, and we couldn't help but feel a subtle sense of foreboding.

"......."

"Cliffman, it's been a while."

He also encountered Klippmann, who urged Ludwig to retreat from the battlefield.

Ludwig, who was told by Klippmann to go home and not bother anyone, eventually returned and regained his right arm through some means.

Ludwig greets him with an unchanged demeanor, while Klippmann stares at him with a stony expression.

"That bastard......."

Klippmann looked at Ludwig, as if premonitioning something, and shook his head in annoyance.

After greeting one by one the familiar faces who had returned after such a long absence, Ludwig prepared to march and walked through the garrison as night fell.

Ludwig doesn't fight with Royal Class garrisons or Allied main armies anyway.

Rather, they would spend more time fighting alongside the Immortals than in the garrison.

I'm just saying hello to make sure it's not weird to be in the garrison.

However, not everyone was buying Ludwig's lie.

"Hey......."

Heinrich von Schwarz.

When Heinrich realized what was happening on the ecliptic, he could only stare at Ludwig as he returned with his arm back.

"I think that's....... right?"

Heinrich knew immediately how Ludwig had gotten his arm back.

He must have been transplanted with a black magic reconstructed arm.

I risked my life to get my arm back.

And I don't know how to overcome that rejection and other issues.

Only Heinrich knew that Ludwig was in a very dangerous state.

So, Heinrich knows that Ludwig is lying when he says he won't fight.

"Did you really....... did you really have to do that?"

"Well."

Ludwig smiled bitterly at Heinrich's question.

"Even if you're nothing, you can do something......."

"......."

"I wanted to make sure of that."

It's already happened.

Irreversible.

Heinrich could say nothing to Ludwig, who had already done the deed.

Heinrich says it through clenched teeth.

"You're going to fight and die."

Heinrich seemed to understand now what the Dettomorian prophecy had foretold.

Just like that.

Ludwig spotted someone standing on a hill in the middle of nowhere, overlooking the Royal Class garrison.

Ellen Artorius.

In the light of the full moon, Ellen stood still on the hill, looking down on the garrison as if observing.

Ludwig looked up at Ellen on the hill without speaking.

After helping Ludwig pursue the case without asking, Ellen returned to the garrison as if she were running away.

It was the first time I'd seen it since.

Ellen looks at Ludwig, her eyes moving slowly toward him.

There was no emotion in his eyes.

Ellen didn't say anything.

Not how did you get back, or what happened to your arm.

I wasn't panicked or intimidated.

There were no thoughts, no emotions, just an awareness that there was a person there.

"You're different."

Looking at Ellen, who somehow seemed to have become a different person altogether, Ludwig said.

More than she had changed, Ellen had become strangely different.

Something has changed.

Everyone changes.

It's going to change.

"......."

Dead-eyed Ellen gave no answer or reaction.

I just stood there in the moonlight, staring at Ludwig.

No longer did Ludwig ask the moonlit still life anything.



* * *



The Allies move.

The danger is in the longevity of the group itself.

If it can be done quickly, that is the only good in war. Now that they have enough power, the Empire will immediately set out to destroy the warp gates across Ryzeln.

The empire had to pass through many small and medium-sized cities to reach its next destination, so the march would have taken a long time if it had been the same as before.

"You swept......."

But now, I was looking at a city in ruins, smoldering with smoke and flames.

"......I expected it to be a lot."

What was the name of the city?

I don't remember, but it was a city with one medium warp gate and two small warp gates.

But all I and Eleris could see was a trail of destruction and carnage.

Small and medium-sized towns and cities could be wiped out in less than half a day with just Immortal.

As much as we would have loved to see the Immortals in action, we were a bit late to the party, as we didn't want to draw any attention to ourselves.

Eleris is usually pale in complexion, but she was almost blue in the face.

Eleris could not help but fear the power of a cornered human.

Maybe the gate debacle is over.

"Depending on how the battle for Gethsinothia goes, the Alliance may be forced to withdraw entirely."

"Maybe."

If it appears that Immortal alone can handle the gate situation, the coalition may actually disband.

"But each gate becomes more and more dangerous, and it would be foolish to disband the Alliance so quickly. Like it or not, the Alliance can't leave here until every warp gate on Ryzeln is destroyed."

The gate crisis isn't over until the last warp gate is smashed.

If you hastily withdraw and realize that Immortals alone won't end the gate crisis, you'll have to regroup. It's not even funny.

In the end, the coalition must exist until we see a complete end to the Gate debacle.

Immortals are a large army, but they also have a tremendous advantage in mobility, with entire armies being able to move via mass teleportation.

As such, Immortals are able to wipe out these small towns with massive mass teleports across Regellen, just as they would intercept enemy strongholds.

"For now, we'll have to wait and see how the battle for Gethsinothia goes."

At the same time, the war intensifies and deepens.

It's coming to an end.





