Episode 626.





Originally, the Allies would have had to fight a few small to medium-sized city battles before reaching their destination, Gethsanosia.

As Immortal took over the work of the Demon King's army and began to neutralize strongholds with greater speed and precision, the Alliance was doomed.

But the Allies were only moving forward, not fighting.

There were no monsters in the way of the Allies.

All that remained were the remains of monsters that had already turned to flesh.

That was, after all, a good thing for anyone for any reason.

Naturally, rumors of the Empire's massive vanguard were bound to spread.

But in the end, no fight is a good thing.

The idea that the Empire has some sort of large, unspecified military force is something that has been replaced by immortals, but it's also something that military leaders have always had some idea of.

We don't know what kind of power the Vanguard has, but the fact that they're ravaging small and medium-sized cities can only be a good thing for the University.

However.

-gooooooo

Gethsinothia, where a major battle was scheduled, had already been burned to the ground by the vanguard.

"What is this ......?"

It was inevitable that Kono Lindt would see the spectacle before anyone else.

A large, unknown military force had already destroyed the small and medium-sized cities, and even the large city of Gethsonia, wiping out all the gates and monsters.



* * *



No matter how prepared an army is for war, no one likes to fight.

Small and medium-sized cities were already destroyed, so not having to fight in them was a no-brainer.

But is it really something to celebrate when your main base of operations has already been destroyed?

Whatever the reason, having a battleground that's already fallen in what's expected to be a very bloody battle can't be a bad thing in terms of power reserves.

But it's weird.

It's definitely weird that it can go this far.

It's good to be alive, and it's good to not be in a major battle.

Good things being good things, I couldn't help but notice a strange sense of discomfort and unease throughout the Alliance.

An Allied garrison that feels strangely disconnected, rather than excited, by the loss of an upcoming large-scale battle.

Commander-in-Chief Chamber.

"Your Majesty, will you speak now?"

Gathered in the barracks of the General Headquarters, one of the commanders in charge of each of the armies spoke up cautiously.

"Everyone knows that the Alliance has been operating a vanguard force. And everyone knows that neither Lord Savior Tana nor you are part of it."

Those in the know know that the role Immortals play now was once played by the Devil's Army, but most don't.

As such, we can only assume that the Empire has a very strong military presence.

"If we had such a powerful ally, if we had such an army, we would welcome it with open arms."

If you have a very powerful ally, why hide them, when it's better to reveal the existence of such a powerful army to boost allied morale.

There's nothing wrong with that.

"But we're marching without knowing English, and everyone is getting restless. Your Majesty, I think it's time you at least let the commanders know what's going on."

Bertus listened in silence.

Without the need to fight for Gethsinothia, it was inevitable that the military commanders would be confused.

Just as the emperor sits at the head of the table at the Allied General Headquarters, where representatives from each of the armies are gathered, so too are the seats based on rank.

And sitting closest to the table was, of course, Louise von Schwarz, the commander of Cernstadt.

'How will you answer me, Emperor.......'

Of course, having witnessed the experiments at Temple, she knew what the Alliance's current situation meant.

Louise couldn't help but know in her gut that the army was on the move, and the fact that it was powerful enough to take on a large city on its own made her nervous.

It's a powerful army.

However, it is an unidentified army.

Despite the good news that the Empire possesses a powerful army of unknown origin, the very idea of not knowing the truth is unsettling to subordinate commanders.

To tell the truth or not to tell the truth.

We didn't know which one would cause the bigger crisis.

Louise didn't know which choice was better.

Secrets spread more and more the more people know about them. Thus, merely mentioning that this command was creating an army from the dead was a foregone conclusion that one day the entire Alliance would know about it.

An ominous, uneasy silence ensues.

And just like that, the emperor made his decision and opened his mouth.

"I, uh, don't want to know."

The voice that pierced the silence did not belong to the Emperor.

Like Louise von Schwarz, she sits very close to the head of the table in this meeting room of the General Headquarters Barracks.

It was an unnervingly cheerful voice with a hint of laughter in the air.

"Am I the only one who thinks so?"

Rowen, the new leader of the Crusader Knights.



* * *



With everyone demanding the truth from the Emperor, it's hard not to be taken aback when the new crusader leader suddenly says he'd rather know nothing.

With the sudden departure of the previous Crusader Grand Master and the arrival of a new one, everyone knows there's been a major political shift within the Five Great Houses. It's just that few people know what it is.

Those in the know kept their mouths shut, so no one really knew what the change in Crusader leaders meant.

There is no one in this room, even if they are new, who can ignore the leader of the Crusaders.

The hierarchy within the Immediate Alliance is also higher than that of most empires, so the Crusader Knights have more say than the kings of most nations.

As such, Rowen's comments were not something that could be easily dismissed.

"Chief, what does that mean?"

When asked to address the allegations, Rowen shakes his head.

"It means the Emperor has a purpose and has kept it a secret until now."

The emperor said nothing, and a suspicious silence fell over the hall.

"Haven't you all realized, to some extent, that the Alliance has a hidden power?"

"But the fact that we can't disclose what it is, what the hidden power is, until now, means there's a reason we can't disclose it."

"Doesn't the fact that you're so anxious about this, even though it's not a good thing, mean that it's something you're not supposed to know?"

"So I'd rather not know."

"I trust you're keeping it a secret for a reason."

Louise's stomach churned as she heard the Crusader leader say that he believed in the Emperor.

She doesn't know what the demon is really like, but she does know that Rowen hates the Empire.

She's even the one who caused the Empire to commit genocide.

Louise's own anger was rising as she watched the woman's nonchalant expression as she spoke of the abomination of believing in the Emperor.

'Of course you know.......'

Louise felt sick to her stomach, knowing that Rowen must have known.

"But if the Allies have an undisclosed history, it's better to know it....... It would certainly be more helpful in planning future operations."

"What if the truth is more problematic?"

"What......?"

"You know, knowing doesn't necessarily make you feel less anxious, but maybe there's a truth that makes you feel more anxious? Isn't that what I'm saying, that there's a reason you can't reveal it?"

Rowen says, smiling wryly.

"Let's say it's a power that shouldn't be publicized, would you be confident in saying that it shouldn't be used anymore? I mean, it's a power that could save us from having to do the Gethnosian offensive, which would have been a massive power loss."

If you're a sinister justice or damned power.

Let's just say that the hidden power of the Alliance is the strength gained by holding the hand of someone who shouldn't be held, even if it means public criticism.

Are there people in this room who can stand up and say that their power should not be used, and that only the Allies can end this war?

"I don't know what it is, but if I did, I think we'd all be forced to admit that the hidden power of the Allies - or, more accurately, the hidden power of the Empire - is necessary for the war."

"If it's a power that can only be kept secret, it's probably not the right power, right?"

"But if we knew we had that power, and we were forced to be silent about it, what would we be?"

"You're being an accomplice."

We don't know what powers the emperor had at his disposal.

But if the Emperor had a hand in that ominous, dark, evil power, it's a matter of knowing.

The Emperor is driving the war with an evil force. But if you know the truth and remain silent because you need this power, you become an accomplice of the Empire and the Emperor.

"Shouldn't you realize that your majesty's silence is for our benefit?"

Everyone swallows hard at the crusader leader's words.

Ignorance is bliss.

In other circumstances, it might not have made sense, but for now, we all realized that it did.

There are some things in the world you shouldn't know.

"Wouldn't it be pointless and too disrespectful of His Majesty's consideration to share the burden when he intends to bear it all alone?"

The leader of the Crusader Knights wants to keep the Emperor's secrets.

But everyone in the room sensed that it wasn't out of respect for the emperor.

It's a single sin.

The rest you don't need to know.

Whatever it is, whatever nefarious tricks are involved.

The Emperor's silence in the face of the spiteful crusader leader's words was proof enough.

If the crusader leader's accusations are ridiculous, there's no reason for the Emperor to stand idly by.

The mere fact that you are saying, almost with half-conviction, that the Emperor has committed a terrible, unforgivable sin is a very great insult to the Imperial House, the Empire, and the Emperor himself.

No matter how powerful the Crusader Knights are, only the Emperor can say they are.

The Emperor says nothing, even though the crusader leader has committed a very big offense.

No one knows that tolerance for disrespect is proof that the emperor approves.

Will you be an accomplice?

Are you going to remain ignorant and have an excuse ready later that I didn't know anything.

The Emperor nods slowly, looking at the silence in the room, which is now filled with people afraid to know the truth.

"Thank you, Crusader Commander."

The Emperor turns a cold gaze on the crusader leader.

"What, Your Majesty."

Rowen opened his eyes, too, and smiled at the Emperor.

"......."

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan, seated near the end of the table, watched the frosty confrontation.



* * *



When the Allies succeeded in capturing Serandia, they were both saddened and elated.

A lot of people were dying, but it gave people hope that we might actually be able to end the gate crisis, and it was a battle that was won.

But gathering, burning, and re-burning the monsters of Gethsinothia's ruins was all the Alliance had to do.

-What happened to the transaction?

-Isn't that what you did?

-Is it?

-I feel like I have a huge army.

Soldier by soldier, commander by commander, each had their say in this strange and unknown situation.

Once Gethonia is cleaned up, the Alliance will announce a new plan.

Even then, there's no telling if it'll be without a fight.

-But if it continues like this, won't they need us?

-Without it, what are you going to do, go back and starve?

-Yes, I'd rather stay in the military.

-That's a good thing.

-Yes.

In the end, it's clear that we're all grateful for today's safety.

The Allied garrison had a bizarre atmosphere, one that left everyone more bewildered than elated.

"After all, I didn't get to try out Titan's new gear."

In the tent where the Archduke's troops were stationed, Adelia muttered the words to Najik.

"Too bad?"

"Oh, no, no, no, no, that's not what I meant!"

Adelia waved her hand, and Archduke Saint-Thuan shook his head.

"...... is not a tree. I'm partly to blame for not seeing the Titan's second maneuver."

"Oh....... Yeah, me too......."

The Battle of Gethsionosia was supposed to be the Titan's second maneuver. We would be able to see how our improved Titan was doing, get data, and see what we needed to work on.

Depending on how you listen, it might sound like you're bummed that there's no combat.

Adelia and Archduke Saint-Antoine, as well as the Archduke's wizards, were devoting as much time as possible to improving the Titan.

The Battle of Gethsinothia isn't the only thing that's gone.

There were no battles in all the places along the way.

No matter how busy she was with her research and how little interest she had in anything outside of it, Adeliarahan couldn't help but feel that something was going on.

"But really....... What's going on?"

She feels the same questions everyone else does.

An important battle has been lost.

And no one knows what happened. Even those who were present at the High Command meeting knew only that they would be hurt if they tried to find out. And even then, it was not the Emperor who spoke, but the leader of the Crusaders.

The emperor rarely spoke.

The Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan doesn't know what's going on, either.

"Adelia."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Archduke St. Thuan sits back in his seat, looking down at the Titan blueprints as he speaks.

"If you could end this war by selling your soul to the devil, would you?"

"......?"

The Archduke's out-of-the-blue question left Adelia dumbfounded.

Sell your soul to the devil.

There have been numerous legends of great demons lending their powers to warlocks in such contracts, but no one knows for sure if they were true or not. It could be that the stories were just made up to scare the demons, or it could be that they actually happened.

It's just an idiomatic expression.

Sell your soul to the devil.

In return, we end this war.

At the Archduke's question, Adelia stops to think.

What a tragedy.

A tragedy of too great a magnitude has occurred.

All it takes to end this war is your own soul.

But it's the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan who's in front of you.

Adelia's father is her friend's father, but they come from a family of pure wizards known for never touching evil power.

It was never a wise thing to say in front of him that he was selling his soul to the devil.

"Maybe ......."

Nevertheless, Adelia had no choice but to answer.

It's a small price to pay.

If I had to pay with my soul, my life, to stop these tears and blood, there would be no shortage of people who would do so.

Even as she spoke, Adelia could not help but glance cautiously at Archduke St. Thuan, wondering if she had made a mistake.

The Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan smiles bitterly.

"......I guess that's what I'd do."

"......."

Even the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, a longtime believer, said so.

This war is so terrible that people would choose to put aside their family honor and even their own beliefs if given the chance.

"The emperor made that choice.

As he knew he would, Archduke Saint-Thuan could not help but know that the Emperor had reached out to some evil, even if he did not know specifically what it was.





