Episode 628.





Gthynosia must have been a ruin before, but now it was razed to the ground.

Thousands of master classes, a thousand archmages, and ten grandmasters.

On a hillside, with the scene of their devastation in the distance.

"My right arm's a black flame dragon......."

"......What? Black salt?"

"......I don't need to know."

"You say things that don't make any sense sometimes, what are you talking about?"

Harriet cocked her head at my mutterings.

Right arm....... That.

When is that ever out of style?

No, was it ever a trend?

Not actually a dragon, but Ludwig ended up with something similar.

I didn't see Ludwig fight. But when I first predicted that he would have some sort of graft on his right arm, I knew something like this would happen.

"Is he trying to get a leg or a left arm transplant?"

Rowen gives me an eerie look and says, "Yes.

"...... I know that doesn't make sense, but it's kind of scary because it sounds like something Ludwig would do."

Not another arm, but the arm of Larken Simonstein.

It's a pretty malicious development. If I were in Bali, I'd be jumping up and down with rage.

How dare you take my Master's arm?" he said.

Though technically, it's not like Valier Jr. was ever taught swordsmanship in the first place.

Airi must be very sad.

Now that I've had fun with my right arm, I'm going to get the other one implanted, and that's just saying.

Ludwig's state is also a state, but it's the power that Ludwig actually has.

Because it's real.

"I have a hunch that I've gained the equivalent of a Grandmaster, though I haven't fought one myself."

"I got an arm transplant....... Does that count?"

"I don't know, I don't really know, but I don't think it's just a concept with a new arm."

"umm......."

While Herriot has a broad understanding of magic, he hasn't seen the magic that created Immortals.

"An Immortal is an Immortal, but he's a Grandmaster......."

In the end, Ludwig has real power, albeit in an unstable state that could explode at any moment.

"I can't touch this one, and I'm wondering if I shouldn't have done it in the first place."

It's not that he's gotten foolishly stronger, it's that he's gotten several orders of magnitude stronger at the cost of his life.

He's the protagonist, so he's able to do it, but he's also the one who suffers the most.

"Leave it alone and just observe. If they were going to remove it because it was dangerous, they would have removed the immortal in the first place."

There are too many things I've let slide to be sensitive to one Ludwig at this point.

If you touch Ludwig, something else strange and bizarre will happen.

Rowen relayed the Alliance's situation to me.

The elimination of the need for a campaign in Gethsinothia has caused turmoil within the Alliance, with some commanders demanding clarification from the Emperor himself.

And then Rowen pulled an aggro of his own, blocking the question.

I'm sure it wasn't a nice thing to say, but it served its purpose in keeping the secret.

"How's the Crusader control going?"

"I wouldn't say it's been smooth sailing, because obviously everyone knows that Elion Bolton was forced to retire, and the backlash against him tends to be focused on me, so I wish this Battle of Gethsinothia had been real, so I could have gotten an estimate of who's not listening to me properly......."

When the battle is on, you'll know who trusts the commander and who doesn't.

That's why Rowen looked at me like I was going to get dizzy when I looked at him again.

"If you keep acting like you want to taste blood, you're going to end up looking pretty bad."

"......OK."

It's almost as good as having a crazy dog downstairs that only listens to you.

Elion Bolton is quiet.

If Elayon Bolton had been the leader of the Crusader Knights, he would have said nothing this time. That would have kept the secret amongst the High Command.

Rowen talks shit out loud. I'm sure she's doing it because she needs to right now.

So, in the end, Bertus was able to keep his secret as he wanted, but he was left with the image of the Crusader leader as a hated man.

"It's not you who suffers when you behave strangely, it's me. You're already an embarrassment to humanity by virtue of your existence, do you want to be an embarrassment to me?"

"Well, is that......."

Rowen shakes his head at my rant.

This bitch is guilty of a very heinous crime.

Of course.......

In that sense, I'm the one who has to die.

It makes me want to bite my tongue every time I feel like I'm not qualified to judge someone.

"I will be careful in the future, for I am the face of the devil."

"......Why is that more offensive?"

That's it.

Hate is hate no matter what.

Look at this.

I don't care what you say, it's not worth it.

Look at our pockets.

They're cute when they're still.

"......Why are you looking at me funny?"

No, not now!

Isn't there something wrong with this that makes me feel even worse when I look at it favorably?

"I know I can't help but be an asshole, but I'm just trying to be nice."

"I'll keep that in mind."

"And if you get caught by the wrong guy, you're screwed."

It's nice to be good at your job, and to be able to deliver the results you want.

And Rowen's personality isn't the problem, his personality is the problem.

Due to the nature of the work Rowen is about to do, he's going to be hated by a lot of people, and he's going to make a lot of enemies.

"Do you realize how dangerous you're about to do?"

"Sure."

He didn't seem to have a clue.

"Who do you want to include first?"

"You know."

No matter how thick, no matter how insecure.

It doesn't change the fact that Rowen is a loyalist.

"Louise von Schwarz."

"There you go."

Yes.

Just right, Antony overdose.



* * *



"This is weird, to say the least."

At Erich de Lapaeri's words, everyone in the barracks fell silent.

Kierkegaard, Erich, Kono Lindt, Klippmann, and Heinrich.

The four of them hadn't even been through the big battles that were scheduled, and they were already sensing that things were going weird.

"If we don't have to fight, that's great. I don't really care."

Cliffman was sprawled out on a cot in the barracks, staring blankly up at the ceiling.

"Ellen was moving with us the whole time, and it's not like her troops were moving, or even if they were, is this even possible?"

Erich's question was valid.

The most powerful forces in the Alliance are, of course, Ellen and Saviolin Tanago, their Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages.

But Ellen hasn't moved, and Gasonosia is dead.

While it's true that too much of a good thing is a good thing, too much of a mysterious good thing is unnecessarily uncomfortable.

"Didn't the Empire develop some kind of secret weapon?"

Kaiir murmurs through narrowed lips.

"Titan has another crab?"

"I don't think it's a Titan, I asked Adelia and she said it's never maneuvered."

"Then it must be another weapon, so what's the point of hiding it, and if that's all it takes to take a big city, shouldn't the army be able to withdraw?"

"We don't know until we know for sure."

Kai and Erich were the ones doing most of the talking.

Kliffman's attitude was that he wasn't interested.

And Kono Lint and Heinrich were silent.

"Lint, do you have any guesses?"

"Uh, huh? What....... I don't know. It's me."

"......What's with the reaction, don't you think?"

"Huh? Oh, no, of course, of course I'm curious, I was just thinking, I wonder what......."

ConoLint doesn't know the whole story.

But after being captured and dragged around by Reinhardt, he realized that the Empire was doing something with the bodies of the fallen.

Something that is obviously related to the undead.

He also knew that Reinhardt was fighting on the battlefield.

But they also had a sense that Reinhardt's forces weren't large enough to take on a large city on their own.

Kono Lint knew that what was happening in Gethosia had something to do with the Empire's ongoing undead armament.

That's why I can't just hang out in those conversations. Something might come out that I shouldn't have.

Kono Lint's answer is cold, so Erich turns to Heinrich this time.

"Heinrich, did you hear anything from your sister?"

"Not really, I've been here the whole time and haven't visited her, but I don't think she knows......."

Heinrich saw it with his own eyes.

What armies are created and what power they can wield.

And once again, their classmates are deeply involved in the Empire's secret weapon.

In this position, Heinrich knew the most secrets that should never have been made public.

Heinrich is the only one in the room who not only knows about the Immortals, but that the Crusaders are now effectively the Devil's army.

I don't know if the Empire has since decided to call the army the Immortals, but I can't help but feel in my gut that the Immortals are now on the front lines and they are becoming the formidable force they are supposed to be.

It's a truth I can't tell you, even if I wanted to.

"Isn't it a simple matter of thinking about it?"

Curiosity leads to anger.

So to kill that curiosity, Heinrich looks at everyone and opens his mouth.

"Even if the Gate is over, the Empire has a lot of work to do, so even if you have an overly powerful weapon or technology like that, you don't necessarily want to make it available to the Alliance, because it could be abused."

A war between men, a quarrel of interests, or a matter of demons.

After all, there are problems like that, so it's unlikely there's a lot of secrecy or corruption in there, just the empire being careful.

You're just knocking on a stone bridge and crossing it.

"......I guess so, when you think about it."

It's just the universal desire of a group to have a powerful weapon to call their own, and it may not be so strange that it's treated as a highly classified secret and cannot be revealed even to allies.

After the war.

Is it hopeful just to be able to think about it, or should I be worried about what comes next?

Heinrich was thinking of the latter.

It's a powerful army.

But too much power is too dangerous in and of itself.

And the Demon was encroaching on the Alliance and the Empire in places they didn't know.

"Yeah, well, the Devil....... Reinhardt might be trying to steal the Empire's secret weapon, so it's best to keep it a secret......."

Erich speculated, and the atmosphere understandably froze at the mention of the demon's name.

Demons and gatekeepers are the magic words that justify everything.

Demon.

If the Empire keeps secrets, it's because of the Devil.

But Kono Lint and Heinrich could not help but feel like there was a stone in their throats at the mention of the Devil's name in such a way.

"But isn't that weird?"

Erich's suspicions were returned by Kaier.

"If the devil....... to destroy humanity, he can still do it now, can't he?"

"What are you doing, you've got the Alliance, you've got the Titans, and now you've got some kind of secret weapon or something, how are you going to mess with us?"

Erich's words made Kaier stare at his friend.

I'm stronger than I've ever been, and I've become a warrior and a paladin with a white knuckle.

I couldn't fix my friend's excessive dropping.

Kaier is the only one who is disappointed.

Kono Lint and Heinrich have no expectations and are not disappointed.

You are what you are.

With the same feel.

"......Crazy, why would a demon raid this place?"

"You said it would destroy the human race."

"Are we the only people here?"

"......?"

"If the ecliptic is attacked, it's all over."

Erich's response that he hadn't thought of that at all surprised Heinrich and Kono Lint, who were now more than just unexpected.

I stare blankly at the ceiling, and even Klippmann shifts his gaze toward Erich.

Now that's an enlightened look.

Everyone was shocked at Erich's fall from grace.

"The Devil....... Reinhardt, if the bastard really wants to destroy humanity, why attack this place? Give us no place to go back to, and that's the end of it. Cut off our supplies, and we'll all dry up and die. It's simple. What's so hard about that?"

It's not a thought or an idea that you have to be brilliant to come up with.

If the devil wanted to destroy humanity, he had a chance after chance. The same is true now, where there is virtually always a chance.

But the devil won't destroy humanity.

It's a no-brainer, but it's also one that no one thinks about.

You can only assume that they're being silent for a more sinister reason, and that's a reasonable assumption.

Since it's impossible to reason with the devil, we can only be sure of the intent, but not the method.

Erich's bewilderment at Kai'er's pinpricks showed on his face.

"Yeah, why don't they?"

"......."

"......."

"......."

Still, the three are silent as they watch Erich say for the first time what they've all thought at some point.

Maybe this is a good thing.

"Enough."

Only Cliff, who was lying still, heard Nazik speak.

"End it there. There's no point in talking more."

With a stern look, Kliffman says.

"We know what we have to do anyway."

An army to end the gate crisis.

"That's all we need to think about."

There's no need to defend, blame, or speculate about the devil's intentions.

Because it's dangerous to talk about, Kliffman drops the subject.

Heinrich stares at Klippmann.

It's a dangerous topic, and one that shouldn't be raised.

But Heinrich knew the moment was coming when he had to post.





