Episode 630.





"Hah......."

Rowen sighed deeply as he exited the Cernstadt military garrison.

Royalty is royalty.

And not just any royalty.

I knew they couldn't be organ horses that could be rolled in the palm of your hand, but Louise von Schwarz was out of the question.

I knew I had to hold an unwilling hand, but in the end I got what I wanted.

No, technically, I didn't even say I wanted to.

Louise did not tell Rowen that she wished you dead.

Said you 'needed' to die. Not to her, but to the demon.

The reason Louise's negotiations and demands are so eerie is that Rowen has convinced himself of them.

A dog's best friend is its bite.

No need for a cute dog.

The big, fierce dog just needs to bite the enemy.

But at the end of the war, the hounds are less useful, and the mad dog must go.

For a demon who will surely dream of ruling, Rowen may be necessary for now, but once things settle down, there's a chance that what she's done may come back to haunt her.

For the sake of the demon world, Rowen must die with all his sins the moment it is completed.

You must confess your sins, which have nothing to do with the devil, and leave.

She is already a villain, and every day will be a roll of the dice as to whether or not she will be revealed to be one.

The longer she lives, the more she will bear the blame for the Demon's acquiescence to Rowen's sins.

"......."

Louise von Schwarz had a huge hit on her hands.

Now, even if she withdrew that requirement, she'd still put Rowen in the mindset that she'd have to die the moment the world she wanted arrived.

The fundamentals don't change.

Royalty raised in nobility will remain royalty until death.

She may have succumbed miserably to the Devil for now, but when the Devil's World begins, Cernstadt will be among the first in the seniority list.

Louise von Schwarz might be called a traitor to humanity or a despicable human being who succumbed to the devil, but it doesn't change the fact that she would go on to live a life of royalty.

But for Rowen, the work she's been doing is catching up with her.

It must disappear to become who it serves.

The fundamentals don't change.

Nothing you say, nothing you do, will ever change.

Rowen was not supposed to be in Yangzi.

If I hadn't come out, if I had continued to live in the fog and shadows, I could have done so.

However, in return for coming to the yang, you must wither away, not return to the yin.

The shade that covered you.

A tree named Pope.

For living in the shadows they created, for cutting down the shade masters, for sitting in their presumptuous seats, the moss must die.

Rowen isn't particularly sad about it.

He's just offended that it took a royal prick to make him realize what he should have known all along.

But it's natural to think.

If only I hadn't made a living as an inquisitor.

What could have been.

She was an abandoned child, as were many of the children entrusted to the monastery.

Some children would grow up to be such entrusted children, and then demonstrate a talent for divine powers and be admitted to the temple.

Adriana said.

Or maybe you'll catch the eye of a Crusader and be groomed to be the next Crusader.

So says Olivia Ranze.

Someone else happened to have a similar talent, but his adopted monastery was an institution for training inquisitors.

That's why he was raised to be an inquisitor.

"......."

The fundamental question is who decides.

Am I right?

If it had been raised differently, could it have been different?

In a country where it snows all year round. In a dark, deserted monastery built to hide from the eyes of the world.

You're not learning horrible techniques to torture and brainwash people and make them confess to crimes they didn't commit.

I'm not being taught doctrine before I'm taught how to convince myself to betray it.

Isn't that something that could have been different if I'd grown up in a place like Temple without knowing how to hate people?

Olivia Ranze.

The man who shared his temple life with the devil.

The seat of the man who will be the next Holy Order leader and the next Holy Emperor of the Holy Empire.

Couldn't that person's seat have been mine?

Rowen, already a twisted and dark-minded man, was becoming even more twisted by Louise's words.

"......bullshit."

The good news is, Rowen only knows about Louise's intentions.

It's just that the intent is clear: stay out of my face and watch my grave.

So don't overthink it, or you'll just be playing into Louise's hands.

Olivia Lanchester's seat is Olivia Lanchester's seat.

There's no reason to covet it, no reason to begrudge it.

If it helps the demon to die and disappear, then so be it.

Because twisted loyalty is loyalty.

And the devil doesn't even like himself.

Just think about what you need to do.

Louise von Schwarz was included.

Now for the next.

The current goal is to start with those who are most likely to be included and work our way up.

The most important one, Louise von Schwarz, asked for a price, but she got it.

In fact, it's not even a price. It's necessary in the first place.

Rowen doesn't have to include everyone.

'Is the Archduke next.......'

Now it's the Grand Duke of Saint-Antoine's turn.

'You said I didn't have to go.......'

Who should capture the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

The best person for the job is already there, right by the devil's side.



* * *



It was noon the next day when the report from Lowen's side to Sarkegar's reached me.

I couldn't help but look at the report and feel a bit of a sour taste in my mouth.

"Hmmm......."

Louise von Schwarz wants to purge Lowen.

Not right now, but after everything is settled.

Harriet, myself, and Charlotte gathered in the office to read the report together.

"It's necessary, but I'm pretty sure you didn't ask for it because it was necessary, you asked for it because you wanted to see it."

Charlotte looked at the report and nodded in approval of Louise von Schwarz's intentions and the need for it.

I do agree that Rowen is a bitch to kill.

I also agree that a purge is necessary.

But then again, how many of my people don't deserve to die?

"That's scary......."

Her fingertips twitched slightly as she realized that this was obviously not something she was used to.

"A purge is a necessary evil. Rowen shouldn't be the only one killed. Too many public figures ruin a country."

"I know what you mean."

You're right that we should give credit where credit is due.

However, excessive favoritism leads to a dispersion of power, and when passed from generation to generation, it sows the seeds of division. Therefore, the purge of public figures is a decision a monarch must make when conquest is complete.

Rowen isn't the only one being killed.

You're also killing Rowen.

"You know what you're talking about, right?"

Charlotte shrugs at my comment.

"Kill me if you must. Or rather, you should kill me."

"Huh?"

It wasn't me who was stunned by Charlotte's nonchalance, it was Harriet.

"If you keep me alive, I am by my very existence the seed of the resurrection of the Imperial House of Gradias. Rational thought dictates that I die."

Yeah, I don't know that much about that.

"Would I?"

"That's why I'm worried, because I would never do that."

"How many times have I rolled on the ground to save your life, and if I have to kill you later, I'll bite my tongue and die?"

It doesn't even make sense.

I can't tell you how many times I've tried to save Charlotte's life.

But now, after everything has stabilized, you're going to hang Charlotte because you want to build a nation?

I'd rather die than wake up with my eyes wide open and see that.

I understand that a monarch needs that kind of determination, but if that's the life of a monarch, I'd rather not be one.

That's not to say that we don't recognize the need for purges.

It needs to be purged.

But if you do, where do you start?

I have no intention of doing so, but I must weed out those who are under my command, those who have been under my command since before I came to Edina.

This means that Olivia or Riana should also be killed if necessary.

That level of purge would never happen, and the report was written by Rowen himself.

It doesn't just say that Louise von Schwarz demanded it.

Rowen has written in detail about why he must die.

You're ready to die when you're ready to die.

"I don't like this guy, he's a burden."

It's overwhelming to the point of dizziness.

"I don't know, it's a purge, it's Nabal, it's not something we should be thinking about right now, just tell them you'll do it, we can change it later."

Louise can mortgage the purge, but she'll get paid later.

You might decide later that you can't do that.

If that happens, you'll have to think differently depending on your needs at the time.

But at the end of the day, you're saying, "I'll give you whatever you want for now, because you can flip me off later.

"What should I say....... That's a bit of a stretch......."

Herriot couldn't help but shudder.

"Because when you're in a position like that, you have to lie a lot, right?"

"It is."

"And let's say things work out in our favor later. Do you think Louise is going to turn around and say why can't I keep my word? No way."

"Of course. Of course."

When Charlotte and I were talking about how good the porridge was, Harriet said we were both trash.

Let's do the purge for now.

I'll think about whether or not to actually kill Rowen later.

It's garbage logic, but hey, Louise knows my guarantee is lousy.

Purge.

I'm already thinking about things I shouldn't be thinking about at this point.

Think ahead.

Charlotte says, stretching out as if she's properly organized.

"Now for the next one."

Louise von Schwarz agreed to take our side, with the understanding that she would pay us later.

The Crusader Knights, the Five Great Houses, and Cernstadt.

Next.

Duchy of Saint-Tuan.

And the king of the duchy, the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

"I'll do my best."

Herriot nods, looking determined.

Look at this guy.

Look how cute it is.

"What are you going to be good at?"

"Huh? Is that....... convince......?"

Herriot seemed to think it was a given that he would go, given the task of convincing the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

"Why would you go, I'm going."

"Huh?"

"What do you mean, why are you going yourself?"

Charlotte didn't seem to understand either.

"Honestly, I don't think it's a bad idea for you to go. Don't you think you should consider your parents' feelings?"

"Hmm?"

"ah......."

"If you went and asked me to take your side, it would be easy for me to say, but the Archduke would....... Don't you think I'd look mean?"

I'm not a hostage, but it might seem like I need to listen to her if I want to see her happy.

If I were a parent, I'd be horrified.

Somewhere.

You'll have to find it yourself.

"The Archduke may understand your behavior, but I'm the son of a bitch who stole his daughter, after all. He may understand you, but understanding me is another matter entirely."

"......?"

"So this time, I'm the one who's going to go and hit him in the head."

"Well, is it?"

"Surely you're lucky Reinhardt doesn't slap you as soon as he sees you. No, Reinhardt needs to be slapped at least once as a courtesy, I think."

Herriot looked puzzled, and Charlotte nodded in agreement with my decision.

Yeah, just like Charlotte said.

I should have gone for a spanking at least once. I was mortified. To this day, he hasn't come to visit.

By the way.

That.......

What to say.

Let's say you've been slapped, but what do you do next?

Father-in-law, please.

You took your daughter, you asshole!

Not your daughter, she's already taken.

What more do you want, asshole?

Father-in-law.

Give me your father-in-law.

Is that the kind of....... Is that a situation?

The Archduke can use teleport.

So you don't have to meet at an Allied garrison.

If the Archduke wishes, we can meet in the Duchy of Saint-Ouen, and if he wishes to meet at the Allied garrison, we can do so.

Unlike in Louise's case, the Archduke is not going to turn down an invitation to meet and talk because his daughter is with me.

"What if my dad....... What if he tries to kill you......?"

Herriot's eyes were filled with tears.

In fact, Herriot had been to the Duchy of St. Thuan once to meet the Grand Duke, who said he understood him.

But that's just me, and isn't it natural to feel like the Archduke wants to crush me?

"Maybe I should come with you."

"......No, it gets weirder."

That's like going to get a marriage license!

Your daughter goes missing for three years following a man, then returns with him, then they fall on their knees together.

Example.......

That.......

What.

It's gone. Yes.

This is what I'm going to do!

"It's okay, I'm going alone."

"I don't think so......."

Herriot began to sob with anxiety.

"No, the Archduke might actually try to kill me if I go with you."

"If you come with me, Dad, why?"

"There's just something about it, I guess!"

No kids! No kids!

"Oh....... I see......."

Only Charlotte nodded grimly, as if she understood what I meant.





