Episode 631.





Capturing the Archduke of Saint-Ouen has a qualitatively different meaning than the fall of Cernstadt.

Cernstadt is literally about gaining "scale" in terms of overall power.

But the Archduke is the head of Titan Management, one of the Alliance's power centers.

Of course, the devil is in the details, and you can't maneuver a Titan by yourself, but Titans are a huge part of the Allied force.

In seven minutes, I was able to turn the tide in a big city capture game.

While Immortal is the big dog right now, Titan is not only a close second, but it's being improved in real time.

Having an Archduke on your side doesn't mean you can have a Titan.

This means that the Titan can be neutralized.

Just as we don't want Immortals to be used in that situation. There should never be a situation where a Titan is used in any way other than fighting monsters.

Given the direction I have chosen to pursue, I must thoroughly neutralize the Alliance and the Empire.

By capturing Cernstadt, you're halfway to neutralizing the Allies, and by neutralizing the Titan, you're taking one of their power centers out of service.

No matter how we meet, I'm the only one going to see the Archduke.

Sarkegar makes contact with the Archduke, and I'm the one doing the talking.

Let the Archduke decide where to meet.

You can also meet him in Arnaka, the capital of the Duchy of Saint Thuan, but the Archduke may be very uncomfortable with that.

I don't want to be seen as threatening the Archduke in any way. That's why I'm not sending Herriot, I'm going myself.

The Allies have already left Gethsonia and begun their retreat. It's not like there was a battle in Gethsonia anyway.

Sarkozy returned to Razak with Rusinil earlier than I thought he would.

"What, why are you here with Gazoo and not Harriet?"

Travelers tend to be fast-casting heroes who drop off and pick up at designated locations.

But why are you here with Lucinil and not Harriet?

"I don't know, the scribe was going to bring him, but he insisted on coming with me."

"......?"

"Yes, Your Highness."

Does sarkegar refer to a person?

I remember hating all of them, but not specifically Herriot, so why would I do that now?

"Anyway, did you pick a place?"

"......We haven't come face to face with the Archduke yet."

What, you didn't finish your work, why are you here?

I've gotten used to the evil, sullen look so often.

I've never seen Sarkegar look like this before.

It's kind of weird that they sent Herriot back and told him to bring Lucienille.

"That....... It may not actually be that important, but....... But I thought your majesty should know....... That's why I didn't bother to bring a scribe with me......."

Watching Sarkozy stumble around in a panic is something to live for.

"...... isn't doing this, why is it suddenly doing this? What is it?"

Sarkegar gave a rare sign of hesitation, and Lucinil tilted his head as if something was amiss.

Did something happen?

What didn't work?

"I think....... who developed the Titan....... was a classmate of yours......."

"Adelia? Why her?"

What the heck is he trying to say?

What did Adelia do?

"The child....... Apparently, the Grand Duke of St. Thuan....... Hmm......."

"......?"

Now this.

Am I right?

"A....... No way."

Lucinil's mouth dropped open and her lips began to quiver.

Sarkegar's face was bright red.

"Perhaps you have a soft spot for the Grand Duke....... with the Duke......."

It's very out there, it's very weird, it doesn't really mean anything, it doesn't really have any impact on the mainstream.

"Oh my...... hit......."

A major, mind-boggling accident has occurred.

No, it burst.

But wait.

This.

No?

"Archduke....... Archduke?"

You're not an archduke, are you?

Then it's real.

It's happening!

I'm in trouble!

Oh my God!

What am I going to do!

"The Archduke is....... Of course he's not......."

I can't tell you how many times I've nearly died.

But this is the first time I've ever really felt like I've been dead and come back to life.



* * *



Sarkegar had been lurking in the neighborhood in various forms to take advantage of the Archduke's time alone.

"I'm never alone."

"The Archduke is busy....... Come to think of it, yes."

He's not a public figure, he's a public figure.

Louise von Schwarz is a busy woman. But the Archduke is not only a commander, he's also the head of research.

While the actual size of the army is nothing like that of Cernstadt, the Archduke won't have time to rest.

This made it very awkward to make contact when she was alone.

There was a reason why Sarkegar failed to fulfill my instructions to contact the Archduke and returned empty-handed.

But right now, that's not the point.

Sarkegar was uncharacteristically flustered by the situation, and Rusinil was beside him, listening mesmerized.

"Is it....... It seems that the Archduke often sleeps not in his own barracks, but in the research barracks. And there are other researchers in those barracks, but....... Ms. Adelia is pretty much a resident as well."

The Titan is a weapon of war that combines the Duchy of Saint-Tuan's knowledge of old golems with Adelia's genius for Magiccrafting.

In other words, the Archduke is the head of the lab, and Adelia is the lead researcher.

Soon you'll be seeing each other all the time, every day, every hour.

Still.

I'm still thinking about the possibilities.

Or that Sarkozy was misunderstood or mistaken.

It should be.

You have to do this!

It's dizzying!

"Apparently, if the Archduke skips a meal, Miss Adelia takes care of it, and if he falls asleep, she tucks him in........ That's quite......."

"Somehow it seems to be reversed......."

Lucinil shuddered at Sarkegar's explanation and mumbled something.

Right.

I feel sorry for my daughter's friend who follows her to war and develops weapons of war, and she looks overlapping, so when she falls asleep in the lab, the Archduke puts a duvet over her.......

It's supposed to be such a sweet picture, but it's the opposite!

"Well, that's....... that we can do?"

But honestly, it's not that weird, is it?

Put a blanket over him, and if he seems to be starving, bring him some bread.

It's not like she's doing it because she feels like it, it's because she admires the Archduke or feels sorry for him.

That.......

But that.

I felt sorry for him, and I kept thinking about him, so I wanted to take care of him, so I took care of him, and before I knew it, I was staring at him.......

That's.......

That's an unexpected possibility.

When I asked if that was possible, Sarkegaard looked very troubled.

"Maybe, but......."

"Yeah, Adelia, that's her personality. She can't say mean things, and she can't leave people alone who are worried about her because she's nice, even though she's not. I don't know if that's true, but she's nice. Yeah......."

"Are you saying that I think like you, but my personality is different from yours?"

"......, my lord, I'm not in the mood for an argument right now."

"Ugh, this. It's like you're just picking the ugliest words to say to make yourself look like a poor......."

"Enough! Leave the silver-haired kid out of it!"

"What, a kid?"

"No silver-haired hags!"

"This!"

Sarkegar watched me and Rusinil argue with a grown-up expression on his face.

With a really pathetic look on his face.

Anyway, let's get back to the point.

"So....... are you sure about that?"

You have no proof!

If your favorite thing to do is tuck them in and feed them, the world will be full of confessions!

"It's not proof, but....... but I'm pretty sure."

"How can you be sure when you have no proof?"

"Your eyes are......."

I felt my breath catch in my throat.

Adelia looks at the Archduke.

Facial expressions.

That's.......

That may not seem like much of a proof at all, but in fact, there is no proof at all.

In fact, it doesn't seem like evidence at all, which makes me wonder what other evidence there is.

"Fuck."

So that's what.......

A slave graduate student who was kidnapped by her professor and lived in his lab, and when she looked at him, he started to look like a man.......



* * *



The unthinkable can't sneak up on you.

The Archduke is a modest man. So it would be inconceivable to him that Adelia might like him. So even if she does, he won't even notice. It's not even a possibility in his mind.

Sarkegar eventually returned to the Allies after a brief debriefing.

If I see an opportunity and make contact with the Archduke, I will deliver my message. The fact that Sarkegar saw the opportunity is actually not a big deal.

What did Adelia say to the Archduke....... There's nothing wrong with having those feelings.

The Archduke's children are alive and well. The missing daughter is alive and well.

It doesn't affect the mainstream, and technically it's not a big deal.

Who cares if the Archduke and Adelia are having a bizarre and embarrassing affair? It's about war, not romance.

I wish I hadn't known!

I know, but it's a problem I can't solve, and it has nothing to do with the mainstream, and I'm going to lose my mind!

"Have you decided when you're going?"

"Not yet......."

"Really? Then why was Mr. Sarkegar here earlier? He had a strange look on his face, is there something wrong?"

"Not really......."

"And since you insisted on taking me there earlier, I told you to fetch him. What did I do wrong to you?"

"No, no, no, you didn't do anything wrong, you didn't do anything wrong."

My paktong did nothing wrong!

"So who's at fault, what happened?"

"No, no, no, no, no one did anything wrong."

So is it Adelia's fault or this?

Nope.

What do people like....... It can't be wrong.......

It's not like anything happened!

"...... What the heck is that, what's going on?"

"No, nothing. No problem......."

Not surprisingly, Herriot seemed to think something was wrong.

I was paralyzed on the tip of my tongue as Harriet asked me questions with an innocent look on her face.

Herriot and Adelia met at the Temple and befriended each other.

While Adelia was aghast at the news that the Archduke had developed Titan with her, she was overjoyed at her friend's historic achievement.

Your best friend has a crush on your dad.......

How the hell am I supposed to say this?



* * *



It's been a crazy few days.

The Allied forces set out from Gthynosia, and in the midst of their march, the Archduke was bound to have some time on his hands.

Report from Sarkegar.

We have made safe contact with the Archduke, and his proposed rendezvous point is Arnaka, the capital of the Duchy of Saint Thuan.

Arnaria of the White Palace there.

Meeting in an Allied garrison is risky. And the Archduke is the only one who can get around.

So it seemed like he'd rather meet on his own turf.

"......."

In fact, you should be very nervous.

I don't actually know what the Archduke thinks of me, and if he's angry at me for literally wielding Heriot out of control, I have nothing to say about it.

Then, I noticed something weird.

It was a different kind of tension.

Anyway, we know what we need to do.

Meet the Archduke.

And enclose.

That's all I need to do.

I don't know anything else.

Because Heriot doesn't know and the Archduke doesn't know.

I don't want to make you even more dizzy!



* * *



Arnaka, capital of the Duchy of Saint Thuan.

I've been to Arnaka twice.

When she was a student at the Temple, Adriana came because of her abrupt withdrawal. The monastery where Adriana grew up was in the Duchy of St. Thuan.

At that time, I knocked on the door of the Duchy Palace to get priority access to the warp gate.

Looking back, I was pretty crazy.

It was then that I met the entire Grand Duke's family. Though I had seen the Grand Duke of St. Thuan once before.

Me and Harriet had almost gotten to the point where we were getting married.

The second time was with Heriot, after the gate incident. I didn't go into Arnaria, only Heriot did.

And now the third.

The fortified magical turrets of Arnaria remained intact.

The faces of the people were still grim. You'd think the Empire would retaliate once the war was over.

Would they rather be glad that the Duchy of St. Thuan had sided with the Devil, or would they see that the Archduke had truly turned and say that they knew it was coming.

We don't yet know what the Archduke will decide.

If you have the Grand Duke on your side, the world's misconceptions will eventually become true.

You won't even be able to make an excuse.

You will be accused of being a daughter of the Devil, and therefore of having been in league with him for a very long time. This is not true, but it is impossible to explain away.

I wonder how the Archduke would feel about the stigma becoming fact.

It wasn't Herriot who brought me to Arnaka, it was Elise.

I didn't want to bring Harriet with me. I'd just found out something ridiculous.

I walked through the deserted streets of Arnaka and made my way to the White Palace Arnaria, the great palace in the center of Arnaka.

A towering palace carved out of a massive mountain.

The palace was still beautiful.

The towering spires of the palace made me think.

As a child, he said, he used to climb that tall spire and look down on the street and watch the children play.

I can only imagine what it must have been like for Harriet as a child, watching from afar as children played on that lonely spire.......

It's kind of sad and kind of cute at the same time.

With these thoughts in mind, I arrived at the plaza where I could see the entrance to Arnaria.

"Your Majesty, be careful."

"It'll be fine, but it should be."

Naturally, I'm the only one going in. There's no need to make the Archduke nervous by bringing anyone else.

Elise gave me a firm warning, as if to prepare me for any eventuality.

The entrance to Arnaria was guarded by golems in human form.

A golem in human form.

It's similar, but I can't help but feel creeped out by the superimposition of a golem made of real humans.

"Purpose."

"Tell me."

Same question as when you first visited Arnaria.

"This is Reinhardt."

All you need to enter is a name.

"A message from His Highness the Archduke."

For the golems, the answer is the same as it was then.

"Come in."

But.

"The Devil."

I introduced you to Reinhardt, or should I say Demon King.

-groggy

The gates of the great palace began to open, revealing a tall, white stone staircase ascending toward Arnaria.

We didn't have to go all the way to the palace.

About halfway up the stairs to the palace.

The Grand Duke of St. Thuan was there, looking down at me.

The Archduke clutched his cane.

Obviously, it's not going to be a cane you use because you have a bad leg.

Perhaps that's the Archduke's weapon.

The suited archduke stared down at me wordlessly.

They're not like wizards, who usually wear broad-chested robes.

The Archduke was the epitome of an aristocratic wizard, exuding an air of dignity and nobility.

Honestly, it sucks.

Am I in a place I shouldn't be?

Shouldn't we have just sent Herriot?

Don't you think I'm just trying to do all the work for nothing?

"That....... That......."

Let's go low.

Fight the Archduke and you'll have a real life George!

I can't handle it!

"Can I go up to......?"

The archduke I met during my time at Temple was, to put it bluntly, a half-wit.

But now, as the war rages on, the Archduke is back to his old self.

The world's most powerful wizard.

Raphael de Saint-Étienne.

The Archduke looks down at me and says

"Come on up."

Honestly.

In more ways than one.

I was scared of the Archduke.





