Episode 634.





I returned to Razak with Elise. Not to the royal castle, but to a secluded place nearby.

"Well, that was....... I'm at a loss for words......."

When I explained why I was in this state even though I had done everything I was supposed to do, she waggled her eyebrows.

Adelia likes the Grand Duke.

But the Archduke thinks of Adelia as a pawn.

And Herriot's third brother has a crush on Adelia.

"I think I'm being punished......."

"Are you saying that the Archduke is being punished?"

"Not....... Not......."

I feel like I'm being punished, not the Archduke!

I've written so many bad dramas in my life, I've had to see worse than this one, even in a war zone!

I feel like I'm being punished, not the Archduke!

I couldn't bring myself to say anything to the Grand Duke about it.

"I don't know, I don't know what I'm going to do with that."

"We can only watch......."

Okay, well, that's not even in my area of control, but I was curious and saw blood.

It'll work! Ugh!

Who cares about the drama as long as we're all alive and well? Even if you're rolling in shit, you're still alive, so there's drama.

I'll protect the world at all costs, even if it means saving it for the next installment of the epic drama.

I feel like an asshole for even thinking about it.

I don't want to watch that drama anymore.

"By the way, the Duchy has agreed to cooperate, hasn't it?"

"Uh....... That worked, though not quite like I thought it would."

"It didn't work out like you thought?"

"I thought the Archduke would treat me like I stole his daughter, but he didn't. He actually felt guilty about it."

"ah......."

Rather, it's a situation where I know the least about myself.

Or to be more precise, what I can't do because I'm not in Bali, other people can.

"It seemed even more so when I realized that the Demon War was a pointless war."

That the ancestral demon Balie created the New World through Akasha and attempted to migrate there.

The Archduke was most shocked by the truth.

Without the Demon War, demons would have quietly disappeared from the world.

But humans invaded the Darklands and slaughtered the demons.

As a result, the demon was killed, but the prince, Valier, survived, which led to the Gate.

The phrase "everything would have been fine if I hadn't done anything" doesn't just apply to me, it applies to people.

The Archduke seemed to think that the humans had gotten what they deserved.

Eleris's expression was understandably grim.

"If you could go back to the time before the Demon War, would you do it all over again?"

Can we make all wars, terrors, and invasions go away?

If you went back in time, knowing that the Demon War was leading to this, could you stop it all?

"I don't think so."

I was negative.

"No one would believe me if I told them I was going to move to the other world and not touch them. I wouldn't believe them if the devil said it, or if anyone else said it."

Akasha was a very powerful artifact in its own right.

For example, convincing you that they are developing nuclear weapons for peaceful use. If you believe that, you're an idiot.

Rather, the moment humanity learns of Akasha's existence, wars will break out to take it away or destroy it before it is complete.

So Akasha's presence in Bali was kept secret.

The Demon War was ultimately the result of fear and hatred of one another reaching a critical mass.

Unless the history of fear, distrust, and hatred is erased, going back in time will not change anything.

The look on Eleris's face, a part of that fear, distrust, and hatred, was never good.

Eleris is an ancient demon who was betrayed by his son and banished with his horns cut off.

Eleris spun up Akasha herself.

As such, I feel the most responsible and guilty for all of this.

Eleris traded my life for the whole world.

Because he loved me that much.

I can't tell you how much she cares about me.

"It's getting close to the end of the day."

"......."

The end of the Gate debacle won't make the responsibility and guilt go away.

But it's clear that we're approaching the end of time.

"Everything else is an afterthought."

"Yes....... Your Highness."

By the way, that's what the Archduke said after the dizzying tale.

"Do you remember what happened at Richie's grave?

'Yeah. I remember.'

It was then that Antirrhinus and Akrich fought.

I was surprised to see an archduke in the room.

"There was one person I saw that was very strange.

'ah.......'

I knew who the Archduke was talking about.

I was the first person to see it that day.

Someone you never thought you'd see.

"Do you know?

'Maybe....... Ellen's mother.'

"I thought it looked like .......

Given the time frame, it's probably after meeting Luna that the Archduke takes notice of Ellen.

So the Archduke would have been surprised to learn that the warrior was a girl who bore a striking resemblance to the strange man he had met on his trip to Ritchie's grave.

The Archduke didn't see me fight Luna then.

You may remember that it suddenly disappeared.

Clearly, the Grand Duke was quite impressed with Luna.

'A warrior is a warrior, but I suspect this person, Luna, has a more bizarre history. If I could, I would seek her out and ask for her help..........'

Apparently, as I suspected, the Archduke was thinking about asking Luna, who was by no means an ordinary person, for help.

"Actually, I already got help.

"......what?

"I'm afraid I can't help you directly because I have a few things going on.

The Archduke could not help but be surprised that I had already gone to Luna and gotten her help.

I can't go into details without Luna's permission, so I skimmed the surface, but the Archduke seemed to be convinced that a man who was as strange as he pretended to be was even stranger.

Well, yes and no.

I'm the one who can create this world, and I'm the one who can manipulate its time and space.

Incarnations.

It is not one, but the incarnation of the gods.

It's been a long time since I've been to Rizaila, but somehow it feels like a very long time ago.

How is Luna and the people of Rizaira doing?

That thought crossed my mind briefly.

In the end, I got what I deserved from Lizaira. I can't ask for much more.

I filled Elise in on the conversation I'd had with the Archduke.

We talked about it a lot, but the answer is simple.

This brings the total number of factions to three.

Cult of the Lord.

Cernstadt.

Duchy of Saint-Tuan.

"You can take over the world with a few words....... No, you're already halfway there......."

It's easy.

"I'm so scared, now."

In fact, it was so easy, I felt like my blood was running dry.

It's easy to swallow.

The question is, can you digest it? If you can't, you die, and the world dies.

Elise gently pulls me into her arms.

"Everything will be fine."

"......, right?"

"Of course, the Archduke said so."

Elise says, cradling my head in her hands.

"Your Majesty is the greatest, most perfect demon who ever lived."

"......."

"I think so, too."

Greatness and perfection.

I was the one furthest from it, and I was the one closest to it.

The vampire's cold body heat, as always, seemed to bring a measure of calm to a mind that was tinged with fear.

Elise is the best.

"Thank you, ancestor."

"......Rather say mom."

"Kitchen!"

Elise tugged on my ear.



* * *



The Duchy of Saint-Thuan is not a very large country in terms of size, but it is significant in that it is the power center of the Empire.

With no way of knowing what will happen later, just being able to blockade one of the Empire's main weapons is extremely valuable.

If we can get Adelia on board, we can make Titan ours.

A situation where it's actually quite simple for an empire to lose control of a Titan.

I wonder if this is what Bertus intended.

We don't know that far.

You've called a meeting of the Senate.

All except Sarkegar, who is in the Alliance, and Riana, who is recuperating.

Five Gazoo.

Olivia Ranze.

Herriot.

Charlotte.

Airy.

And me.

"With this, Cernstadt and the Duchy are in our hands, and we can, in effect, disrupt the Alliance whenever we want."

These were the words of Lerouen, the lord of Thursday.

Yes, you can't take it over, but you can disrupt it right now.

Cernstadt, the Archduke, and the Crusader Knights should be removed from the Alliance immediately.

The Allies will panic. And panicked armies don't roll well.

"But even if we can break the Alliance, the Immortals are the mainstay of the war right now. As long as they remain strong, I see little chance of bleeding the Empire's forces."

As Galarsh says, the current state of affairs is that the Empire's greatest power, the Immortal, is completely unaffected.

"Of course, you're saying you're going to do something like that, not that you're going to disrupt the coalition."

As Lucien said, Lerouen said we can, not that we should. It's just a confirmation of our influence.

You can't take over, but you can disrupt.

And the Alliance is the army of all of humanity, and the remaining leaders of all of humanity are the ones who make the decisions.

In other words, half of humanity is in your hands.

If the war ends this way, we could already bisect the continent.

Antirrhinus smiled wryly.

"It's not just the Alliance, either. We now have the Cult of the Lord, the Demigods, and the Cult of the Champion, which are all major forces in the Imperial Zodiacal Gradient. That means everyone who believes in 'something' of any kind is under our control."

Every human being involved in the faith is under our influence. Most don't even realize that we are on top of their heads.

"Even beyond the Alliance, you already control half of humanity, great one."

Either humans accept our domination or they don't.

Tolerate or not tolerate.

I was already their master.

"What about the Cultists?"

"The Zodiac is teaching a select group of people how to use the divine powers of the demons, and while the results may not be immediate, it's not the powers that matter to them, it's the faith, and the results are still coming."

The deification of the Cult of the Lord is also well underway.

A few words.

A few conversations.

That's how you rule the world.

But laying the paving stones is the easy part.

It's those moments when conflict and disagreement become visible that matter.

"If only we could figure out how to deal with immortals, we wouldn't have to fight an empire."

Rusinil said.

I have a workaround, but it's not working yet.

But if you don't know that, and you're at the end of the gate, you're going to be in a lot of trouble.

"Yeah, about that coping mechanism."

Not long ago, new information arrived via Rowen.

More precisely, the information that Bertus sent through Rowen.

"Is there a paraphrase?"

His face became serious as he realized that the most important thing right now was to respond to Immortal, not all the other projects.

"Not paraphrasing, no way."

I don't think you can call that a breakthrough.

"She's the one who pilots the immortal."

Of course, everyone knows this information because I told them.

Christina.

Anna.

Louis.

Those three people are key.

Herriot, who had already heard the story with me, was not pleased.

"They say that if you mess with them, the immortals become unidentifiable weapons of mass destruction - literally, they go on a rampage."

A hush fell over the room.

This is not a paraphrase.

Only Antirrhinus smiles faintly and shakes his head.

"If I understand you correctly, it sounds like you're saying that the controller will eventually disappear."

"......Yes."

Yes.

This is by no means a foolproof method, but it is one of the worst.

A man with a mad dog is trying to kill me.

If I kill the dog's owner, the mad dog won't come looking for me.

Instead, it will bite and kill everyone in sight.

If I don't want to die, I can kill the dog's owner.

You can do that for as long as you want.

If you're willing to turn a blind eye to someone being bitten to death, you can do so.

"It's a very easy choice, but the moment we make it, everything we've done to end the gate crisis will be for naught, and we'll have ended the human race with our own hands."

Antony.

The crazy old man starts laughing like he's dying of joy.

You've been dropping shit to save humanity.

But I'm afraid that the Immortals will hunt me down, and the moment I kill Christina, Anna, and Louis, the rampaging Immortals will wipe out humanity instead of monsters.

The runaway Immortals will not be able to reach the Edina Archipelago, meaning that Razak will be safe even if the continent is shattered and humanity is destroyed.

I've worked all this time to protect humanity, and in the end, I destroyed humanity so that I could live.

Antirrhinus was chuckling as he imagined me choosing the option of trampling over what I had tried to do with my own hands.

I swear, sometimes I just want to kill that crazy old man.

This does not stop the immortal.

It's possible to make an Immortal not kill as much as you, but not as much as your people.

In fact, it's too easy.

It's not that there are no answers.

There is an answer. You just don't get to pick them.

Rather, it's as if it knows I'll never choose it because it's an option.

No, you might actually want to choose.

If I pick it.

Also.

We can talk all we want, but at the end of the day, your life is the most important thing, right?

Are you going to die laughing at me for saying that?

It's not revenge if I'm killed by an Immortal led by them.

My revenge will be complete when I kill Christina, Anna, and Louis, even if it means sparing my life and the lives of those I love.

That would be worse than death.

"I say here."

I look at everyone and say.

"The moment you touch Christina or any of her kids to save me. I'll rip the throat out of the asshole who did that and I'll die too."

The gate incident happened to save my life.

I can't let that happen this time.

I don't mean to criticize her, but in the end, I couldn't help but bite my lip as I watched her shake her head.

It had to be said.

"Great One, why don't you just bring them in and touch their brains, and that way you don't have to kill them? Or, you know, torture them."

"I'd be careful what you wish for when you don't know the extent of your 'touchy-feely' behavior, and I don't think you could have imagined that."

Antirrhinus laughed, as if he liked my cautiousness.

Real.

What is that old man?

The more I suffer, the more he rejoices.

That doesn't mean I'm going to do anything tricky, but I'm going to do what I'm told.

"Do nothing. Deal with it after the gate debacle is over."

I'm sure Antirrhinus would be up to no good, but he's surprisingly not, so I don't doubt him.

If anything, it's more likely that the other side will try to protect you and do something stupid.

Notably, Sarkegar is not here.

And the new kid on the block, Rowen.

You'll need to talk to them as well.

"Yeah, because there's not necessarily another way to do it."

Herriot looked at me, as if to say, "You don't have to go one of two ways.

"Yes, there is no such thing as absolute magic. Just as there is no such thing as absolute binding or sealing magic, there is a way to break it. We just haven't found it yet."

Galarsch nodded in agreement.

But Galarsh wasn't as hopeful as Herriot.

I can't believe I can now read an orc's facial expressions.

It wasn't a nuance, Galarsh said, just a way to find another way.

"If we had the time, we could find another way, but I don't think we have the time."

"......."

Yes.

Time is always the enemy.

Obviously, there are ways to disable an immortal in some way other than force.

But until we find a way to do that, will it not conflict with immortals?

I don't think so.

There must be a way.

But it takes time to find them.

Is that enough time?

Herriot's head snapped up, as if he'd remembered something.

"Yes. Immortals are golems, after all."

"......, right?"

"I wonder if Dad might know something about.......?"

Immortals are golems.

And Archduke Saint-Thuan is an expert on golems.

"I don't know right now, but my dad might know something."

Things are different now.

We now have the cooperation of the Grand Duke as well as the Duchy of St. Thuan.

So, we can finally take a chance on the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan, who has mastered the same type of magic.

Yes.

Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan.

"Yeah, speaking of which, I need to ask you something."

Problems you couldn't decide on your own.

"I'd like to show the Archduke around, is that okay?"

At that, Herriot jumped to his feet in surprise.





