Episode 636





Warp gates are now at a level not seen since the beginning of the gate crisis, and not seen since the beginning of the Allied advance.

Each warp gate has become a tinderbox of monsters, constantly spewing them out into the world, and the quality is nowhere near what it once was.

But a lot has changed from the direction this world was supposed to go.

In the original, the gate situation is eventually resolved.

Compared to the original, humanity's power was too overwhelming.

First, the Titan, a giant weapon that didn't exist in the original.

That alone is overwhelming, and then there are the Immortals, an army of the undead.

The gate situation itself hasn't changed.

Technically, the Gate Crisis was supposed to end even without the Titans and Immortals. It will take a little longer, but there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to overcome a catastrophe that even a weaker humanity can overcome now.

June.

The Allies advanced on the Regeln capital of Diane and began attacking the larger cities along the way, including Wallen.

In fact, it was our first major battle since the Battle of Serandia last winter.

Titans are much more powerful than they were in Serandia.

Then there are immortals, which didn't exist in Serandia.

And the original power, the Allies.

-Wow!

I watched from afar as hellfire rained down from the sky and the Master Class's army slaughtered the monsters.

"That doesn't make sense......."

It was an overwhelming force that made Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages pale in comparison.

The Allies will be unaware of the mysterious army that has suddenly appeared, clad in full body armor and slaughtering monsters with Auror blades.

But now they were at the forefront, slicing and dicing the monsters.

-Kugugugugung

Mages who don't actually participate in combat.

Adelia, Christina, Louis Ankton, and Anna De Guerna.

They were practically ruling this battlefield.

Humanity is stronger than in the original.

The gate situation is no longer an issue.

I was already convinced the moment I saw the Allied battle.

You don't have to watch it all the way through.

Wallan will fall.

That leaves us with two cities.

It's only a matter of time before the fate of everyone, including me, is decided.



* * *



-currrrr

By the time the Titan flashed back to the rear, the battle was over.

The rain of flame and ice that dyed the sky red stopped, and the thunderous roar of war machines and artillery that seemed to shatter the world stopped.

It's true that the battle was quickly concluded with the help of a strange army, but that doesn't mean they didn't have a role to play.

A place where the corpses of giant monsters form mountains.

With the massive warp gate destroyed en masse, Ellen struck the final blow at what could only be called the mountain of monsters that remained, and slowly rose to her feet.

"Warrior......."

The people who follow Ellen into the heart of the battlefield are, of course, no ordinary people.

But even they couldn't help but look up at Ellen as if she were a god.

It was Ellen's first appearance since Serandia.

But those who had always fought in close proximity to Ellen couldn't help but notice that the warrior was very different.

Even in combat.

Even in combat.

And even now, when the battle is over.

He had a look in his eyes and an expression that said something, something empty.

"Warrior....... Are you okay?"

As Ellen ran down the mountain of corpses in a few leaps, her companion asked cautiously.

-nod

Ellen could only nod slowly.

It's more refined and sharper, with a combat style that seems to exclude emotion.

As if it came at the expense of all things non-combat related.

Ellen is stronger than she was in Serandia.

However, for those watching Ellen, it was incredibly disconcerting.

Somehow.

As if every movement and action has no soul.

It was inevitable that everyone would feel that way.



* * *



Despite the cities being more dangerous, the Alliance suffered less damage when Wallen fell than it did in Serandia.

We all know that was the power of the revamped Titan.

And another thing.

A force that was too powerful to let go unseen.

The vanguard, where everyone wears an armored helmet with a faceplate covering their face.

And in the rear, a huge group of archmages, all dressed in black robes.

I know that because of them, Wallan fell faster and easier than Serandia did.

Who they are.

They would appear out of nowhere to assist in combat, then vanish with a massive spatial shift.

After the capture of Walloon, the Allies were forced to stay in place for a while to clean up the aftermath of the battle after establishing a garrison on the outskirts.

Allied Command Barracks.

"......Completes damage report."

We talked about all of the damage that was done and how they're dealing with it.

"As soon as we finish healing the wounded, we'll advance to the next objective. We've taken less damage than expected, so we'll be ready to move out quickly."

Emperors don't talk about what needs to be talked about.

Everyone knew that the vanguard the Empire had been hiding was the army that showed up today.

There were tons of master classes and archmages.

No nation in history has ever had that level of power. Archmages and wizards aren't called the most powerful people in the world for nothing.

In all of humanity, there are fewer than a hundred to two hundred masterminds and master classes in any given era. There may be some whose names are unknown, but there are not many such recluses.

That's ten times the standard for that era.

The emperor was unwilling to offer any explanation.

But for those sitting in the command center, the emperor's silence is understandably unsettling.

The crusader leader said that the emperor was trying to take the blame for everything on his own, so he shouldn't ask for an explanation and just go along with it.

The buck stops with the emperor.

But when the army finally showed up, they were terrified.

Is this a problem I can be responsible for?

With an army that powerful, is there really anything wrong with it?

What if you're really in the hands of the devil?

If it's an army of demons you've just encountered.

How the heck is the emperor going to be responsible for that?

"Your Majesty....... Have you really taken the hand of the devil?"

Finally, someone unable to overcome their insecurities mustered up the courage to speak up.

The Emperor stood still, looking at the man who spoke the words.

"No way."

The emperor bluntly denies the reasoning.

"I guess we can't hide it anymore."

Emperor Bertus shakes his head slowly, and finally gives a faint smile.

"I've gotten my hands on some black magic that can raise the dead stronger than they were in life."

Everyone's eyes widened at the bombshell.

The other two have different expressions.

Crusader Knightmaster Rowen gave a faint smile.

Louise von Schwarz bit her lip, as if anticipating what was to come.

"An army of immortals who are stronger than they were in life and, having died once, can reenter the fray with a bit of regeneration."

"It took a lot of ingredients for that."

"Heroes, warriors, knights, and wizards of the once-great human race. All who have fallen asleep amidst our praise and adoration have risen to fight for humanity."

"And we're bringing back many of the victims who have been dead since the Gate and rearming them once again."

"You may have thought that those who died as heroes were given a proper burial. No, not at all."

"I was stealing their bodies, resurrecting them as the undead, and reintroducing them into this war."

"I'm calling that army the Immortals."

"This is the truth you've been dying to know."

"Joining hands with the devil."

"How can I hold the hand of the devil, the enemy of mankind?"

The emperor laughs.

"There is no such thing as unscrupulousness."

It was, indeed, a terrible laugh.

"So, don't get yourself killed."

The Emperor speaks in a frosty tone.

"Unless you want to be an immortal."

Everyone could only freeze in front of such an emperor's smile.

"And......."

Once again, the Emperor smiles a meaningful smile.

"Is it not among you, and not I, who have taken the hand of the devil?"

The emperor has thrown a bomb.

Not one, but two.



* * *



Is it bad to play into the hands of the devil, or is it bad to bring a dead comrade back to life and send them into battle?

First of all, no one can deny that both are bad.

The emperor's sudden revelation of the secret sent the commanders of the armies into a panic.

And the emperor didn't just tell one secret.

There are those in the Alliance who are in league with the Devil.

With a flip of his palm, the emperor spoke two truths that would shock everyone, as if to say, when was the last time he kept such a secret?

An army of undead called Immortals.

The existence of those who betrayed humanity.

That's all we have to think about now.

Who betrayed humanity? Who sided with the devil?

Accidents happen that would not happen if the truth were revealed one by one.

Empires and emperors have turned to black magic to end wars.

There is a level of black magic that is acceptable to the world, but black magic involving the undead is naturally forbidden.

And the details aren't just about raising the undead.

It is an insult to the bodies and souls of those who died honorably.

The rationale of closing the gate will protect the emperor for now.

But just because you can justify something now doesn't mean you can justify it later.

The Empire had touched a power it shouldn't have.

First for insulting the deaths of some of the greatest heroes in human history.

Someone's comrade-in-arms, someone's family member, brought back to life and used as undead.

Even if they can't be held accountable now, one day the Empire will have to pay the price for tapping into forbidden powers.

It's as if the powers that be of humanity, upon learning of this, had an excuse to bring down the empire at any time after humanity was rebuilt.

After everything is better, after humanity has been rebuilt.

If there's an excuse to unseat the continent's top dog at any time, there's bound to be someone who wants to use it.

Thus, the empire had already been given a death sentence the moment it touched that power.

Normally, in this situation, if there were a group of people who chose to betray humanity and side with the devil, the maces of wrath would light up their eyes and seek them out.

But things are different now.

The emperor has gone mad.

The Empire may be able to maintain its existence by force for now, but it will soon be shunned by all.

There is also talk within the Alliance that the genocide of civilians at the hands of the Imperium in the Ecliptic has already turned many against the Empire.

If there are those on the Devil's side, there are those in league with him.

Soon.

The connection between the demon and the humans suggests the possibility that the demon is willing to use the humans and may even keep them alive.

Demons are an alternative.

The fall of the empire is certain.

In the meantime, someone has bet on the Devil's victory, and the Devil wants to take advantage of them.

Choosing to play the devil's advocate can be one way to survive.

Immortal's identity.

And the traitors to humanity.

By throwing the two truths together, Bertus wreaked havoc in people's minds.

Where did the devil start and where did he end?

An empire that wields great power, but has done things that can never be forgiven.

Or is he the cause of all of this, a demon who might devour humanity.

They're all horribly unpleasant.

However, if you don't pick a winner, you may have to face another destruction after narrowly surviving one.

It's time to make a choice.

And.

"Ohora......."

Crusader Knight Commander Lowen smiled faintly as he received the internal report on the current state of the Zodiacal Gradient.

"Looks like something pretty interesting is happening......."

In front of Rowen's eyes was a half-torn piece of paper.

A piece of roughly scrawled wallpaper.

"This is what you mean by sticking to the distance of the ecliptic?"

"Yes, sir."

There's a rumor floating around the ecliptic.



[The Emperor caused the Gate debacle].



The ridiculous rumor that the Gate debacle was caused by the Emperor.

Those rumors are slowing down.

But definitely.

It was spreading.





