Episode 637.





Two days after the fall of Walloon.

"At this rate, we'll have the entire population restored in five days."

The underground laboratories of the Temple College of Magic.

Christina nodded slowly as she watched the Immortal slowly repair its damaged body in the port.

What's scary about Immortals is not the force, but this self-repair.

It's like a golem, a machine that can be repaired and restarted.

That's why the real power of Immortals comes from resurrection.

It's an army that won't die.

The only living member of that army.

Ludwig.

Naturally, at the Battle of Walloon, Ludwig participated as a member of the Immortals, wearing a helmet and faceplate.

While all of them possessed extraordinary power, Ludwig was unique among them.

To resist black magic, he had to undergo more powerful black magic and chimeric procedures, which made him more powerful than other Immortals.

Stronger than other Immortals, at the cost of enduring the unbearable.

The Allies had fought only one battle since the Battle of Serandia, but Ludwig, moving with Immortal, had little time to rest.

As long as he was fighting alongside tireless dead soldiers, Ludwig would be forced to fight more battles.

He still has the occasional rejection seizure, but he's been in pretty good shape since the Battle of Wall Run.

"Wook......."

Ludwig gulped down the dark liquid and covered his mouth.

"Oof! Oof!"

After a moment of gagging, Ludwig gulped down the liquid and let out a deep sigh.

Even Ludwig, whose only organ was his stamina, was bleary-eyed from so many hard fought battles.

Beside him, Louis Ankton and Anna were checking on Ludwig.

What Ludwig was drinking now was an alchemical potion to ease the rejection.

"It's definitely working, but I hate to say it....... Why does this taste so bad......?"

Ludwig covered his mouth to keep from gagging and caught his breath.

Ludwig wasn't having a rejection attack now, he was nauseated by the horrible taste.

"I don't know if it's just the writing, but something smells foul....... It tastes like it's rotting my tongue......."

Ludwig, who had endured pain that would have killed a normal person, shuddered as if the taste of the tranquilizer was too much to bear.

Christina shrugged at Ludwig, who looked even more disheveled by the horrible taste of the stabilizer.

"It doesn't actually have to taste that disgusting."

"......?"

"I did that on purpose."

"Huh?"

Ludwig's words brought a look of horror to his face, as well as to Louis and Anna, who were checking on him.

I made it taste disgusting on purpose.

"If it's good enough to eat, you'll keep coming back for it. I purposely made it so you only drink it when you really need it."

"Is this ...... bad for you?"

"It can't be good."

While the stabilizer is keeping Ludwig's body from disintegrating and rejecting it, it's a very dangerous thing in and of itself.

"It's fine for now, but it won't do you any good to drink it often."

Ludwig nodded, dumbfounded, at the suggestion that he had made it taste disgusting on purpose.

"By the way....... People have been seeing immortals in this battle. Is that okay?"

Louis Ankton said it cautiously.

Up until this point, the Immortals had operated in secret, but in this battle, they were visible to all Allied forces.

We all knew that the atmosphere was shifting in real time.

"It must be complicated, and it's none of our business."

As she says, politics is for those who play politics.

"If people knew who Immortal was, things would get really....... complicated."

"It's good to be complicated."

Christina says, looking off into the distance at the ports that are being replayed.

"When things get complicated, they come out of hiding."

"......ah."

"If you go into hiding after this is all over, you'll never find them, and they'll come back to haunt you, one by one."

She's not interested in politics, and she doesn't care how things roll.

But where there's chaos, there's opportunity.

When opportunity arises, there will be those who want to seize it.

Those who have been hiding and have not been able to be found until now will be among them.

That's all you need to know.

You don't need to know much more than that.

Disruptors.

Those who capitalize on chaos.

"We just have to wait for that."

And in the midst of the chaos, waiting for everyone to come together.

In our minds, the Gate saga is coming to an end.

"Let's get back to work."

There is no need for them to reside in this already automated facility.

At the end of the day, we all have one goal.

We're all in this together.



* * *



There are those in league with the devil.

The Allies continued to move toward their next destination, but at the same time they were resting and fighting a fierce battle of nerves.

"How can such a thing be," he said, "and the wicked band of traitors to humanity must be found and brought to justice as quickly as possible."

There are those who argue otherwise.

"This latest weapon of the Hana Empire is too dangerous. Of course, those in league with the Demon King are a matter of grave concern, but it is also clear that supporting the Empire's course is a very dangerous thing to do."

There are those who hate both.

"......."

Some people say nothing at all, holding back what they want to say.

A seat without an emperor.

Louise von Schwarz watched as the powerful men gathered in the barracks of the Cernstadt military headquarters talked about it.

The powers that be wanted to find some sort of center of gravity in this chaotic situation.

They could not gather under the Emperor, whose power was too dangerous, so instead they gathered before Louise.

I have noise canceling turned on, so the story won't leak out of the barracks.

But the emperor said something he shouldn't have said in front of so many people.

Too many ears have heard the story, too many mouths have spoken.

Hence the story that the Allies have a demonic informant.

The story that the army that appeared at the Battle of Walloon was actually an army made up of the bodies of war heroes would soon spread throughout the Union.

Secrecy is only temporary.

The world learns of the madness of the Empire and the many traitors to humanity.

And Louise is one of those traitors.

Louise is torn between wanting to be on guard, wanting to slaughter the demon's inner circle in a fit of rage, and wanting to watch the situation without saying a word.

Not all of them are needed anyway.

"What do you think, Commander?"

There are many other military commanders here, but Ruiz is the only one who can be called a commander. She has the largest army.

Everyone looks at Louise von Schwarz.

The factor of the current coalition.

Her words must carry considerable weight. Perhaps that's why they came to her, not the emperor.

Surprised by the sudden downpour, they huddle for shade.

They know that the shade that has protected them so far, the Empire, is rotting and about to collapse, so they huddle together in the shade of the only thing still standing, the Cernstadt.

The devil, the emperor, the empire.

What the heck.

I'm not sure yet, because I have to kill the traitors to humanity.

Louise closes her eyes at the attention on her.

"Hmmm......."

The Emperor rolled the dice.

"I am......."

It was a signal.

A sign that it's time for her to roll the dice.

"I support the devil."

Or should I say, cold water.

Or should I say, frozen.

Despite the fact that Louise was sitting there looking like she was about to be turned to stone.

Well, it was fun.



* * *



What people were waiting to hear from Louise was an analysis or prediction of the current state of affairs and where humanity is headed next.

I was waiting for someone to show me the way.

Does the empire have a future.

What to do about the devil's insiders.

Whether to act now or not.

I was hoping for a story like that.

I was hoping for some kind of insight or prediction.

Naturally, there was no situation in their minds in which the commander of Cernstadt would say that he supported the devil.

No one else predicted that she would be an insider, and certainly no one else.

"What the hell......?"

Many people froze, unable to say anything for a while, and when they finally did, it was all they had to say.

"That shouldn't be too hard, I'm the devil's insider."

The next bombshell was an even bigger one, and people's complexions were turning a dusty color.

I support it, but more than that, I'm the one who gets it.

No one else.

The commander of the second largest army outside of the Empire has openly declared his support for the Demon King.

There was no one in the room who could jump out of his seat, drag out the traitor to humanity, and tell him to hang himself.

There's only one thought on everyone's mind.

Since when?

Was Cernstadt, not another country, in league with the devil?

Why didn't anyone realize that until now?

Those who had been shouting at the top of their lungs that the devil's inner circle should be exterminated would rather bite their tongues and die here and now.

Their faces turn from anger to horror.

He was shouting at the top of his lungs that the devil's informants must be killed.

"Do you think I'm the only one calling?"

While you were unaware, the great nation of Cernstadt had already fallen into the hands of the Devil.

You think it's just Cernstadt.

Do you have any idea how many forces have already fallen into the devil's clutches without your knowledge?

Louise puts another thought into their confused heads.

What if you have a lot of devil's advocates?

Do you need to be on their side to survive?

Louise doesn't tell the whole story.

The Crusader Knights and the Order of the Lord have sided with the Devil, and the Grand Duke of Saint-Tuan has sided with the Devil.

It doesn't tell you everything.

There's no need for that at all.

"I want you to think about why I said this, where that confidence comes from, and why I chose to support the devil."

If you feed your internalized fears with your own imagination, you're bound to create delusions of grandeur.

Fear is an arbitrary size.

"Those who will, stay."

"Those who are not, go home."

"But I don't know if the door to my barracks will be open next time."

Just as the name of a demon once created more notoriety than the actual demon's power.

This time, the fear within them will bring them to their knees on their own.

"You have 10 minutes."

Only 10 minutes.

It was too short a time to decide the fate of the world.

But tight deadlines create anxiety, and the idea of no next time is hardwired into our brains.

Telling me there's no next time is more like coercion.

At the end of those nerve-wracking ten minutes, there were no empty seats in the barracks.

Obviously, someone left.

However, there were many more spots that went unoccupied.

"......."

In the end, even with all the anger and hatred, does it crumble in the face of the absolute desire to survive?

Louise was never satisfied with the sight before her.





