Episode 639.





Adelia turned to Scarlet and asked. Did you ever neutralize a golem at the Battle of Wallen?

Because you're in the middle of a battle, you don't know everything that's going on around you.

However, Scarlet occasionally uses her powers to terrorize soldiers or to neutralize magical-like powers used by monsters.

As such, Scarlett's superpowers are more of a secondary ability than something that actually helps her in combat.

In Adelia's mind, it was entirely possible for the Archduke's golem to appear somewhere on the battlefield, only to be destroyed by Scarlet's neutralizing waves.



* * *



Adelia went out to fetch someone and returned a few moments later with a red-haired girl by her side.

She was a very unique and beautiful girl with fiery red hair and eyes.

But now the red-haired girl hung her head.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry."

The Archduke and the other wizards were dumbfounded.

"Sorry....... We made a mistake, we'll be more careful next time!"

We could only stare in disbelief as Scarlett repeatedly apologized, her body shaking like an aspen tree.

Scarlet is one of the lesser known of the Temple's psychics.

It's easy for psychics who excel at large-scale destruction to make a name for themselves on this battlefield, but Scarlett's powers aren't particularly effective at destruction.

Obviously, it's a very unusual ability. That's why we've been testing Scarlett's ability to disable the Gate within the Royal Class itself.

It didn't work, but Scarlett was clearly capable of more than just magic or superpowers.

"Adelia, what are you talking about?"

"That's....... That's my friend Scarlett....... She's a psychic, and her powers are pretty unique."

"What kind of superpower?"

"It's an ability where all the magic and superpowers don't work."

"......?"

It's a very unusual ability, but your opponent is a monster.

Since magic is never her main focus, Scarlett's abilities don't get much attention.

And those who know Scarlett at all know that magic and superpowers don't work on her.

"Disable......."

The Archduke stared at Scarlett, who apologized profusely.

Superpowers are supposed to be alien and bizarre, but a superpower about neutralization is a very strange one.

"I think you can rest assured that the monsters didn't use dispel."

Adelia has brought Scarlett to calm the agitated Archduke. Not to worry, the monsters haven't neutralized the golem.

But Adelia couldn't help but read something strange in the Archduke's expression.

He looked like he'd just found a completely unexpected answer in a completely unexpected place.

"We're sorry, it won't happen again!"

"It's okay. One golem isn't that much damage to the power at this point, and golems aren't people. Even if it is damaged, it doesn't mean you've done much damage to anyone."

"Well, still....... But......."

"You said it was fine."

The Archduke gently patted Scarlett on the shoulder, assuring her that she was fine.

Of course, the Archduke's reassuring pat on the back was killing Scarlett's expression in real time.

"But we need to make sure we know what happened first."

-Bam!

The Archduke snaps his fingers.

Then a golem was summoned from thin air.

The Archduke looks at Scarlett and says, "I'm sorry.

"Can you neutralize it?"

"Yes....... Yes?"

Scarlett, the other mages, and Adelia were taken aback by the sudden proposal.

"We need to know how strong you are, so we know what to look out for when we operate our golems in the future."

"Oh....... Well, is it......."

As if the Archduke's words made sense, Scarlett nodded and moved closer to the golem he had summoned.

Scarlett cautiously approaches the golem and places her hand on its hull.

It didn't take long either.

-Thump!

The golem's power source, a stone of steel, lost its glow, and it stopped moving.

It's not destroyed or shattered.

The golem literally stood still and stopped maneuvering.

-Bam!

The Archduke snaps his fingers.

We sent a few signals to the golem, but ultimately got no response.

"Let me check."

Adelia approaches the immobilized golem and begins checking it out.

"Exactly the same."

"Well, it's me after all......."

A golem with dispel countermeasures was stopped by a simple touch.

For the wizards, it was a sight to behold, and one that made no sense.

"Do I have to touch it to stop it?"

But the Archduke asks for something else entirely.

"What? Oh, no....... I don't think that's necessary."

The Archduke listens to Scarlett's story with a serious expression on his face.

At this point, the Archduke's first son, who had been silent, cautiously interjected.

"I....... But if he misuses his powers....... Titan could be neutralized?"

That sent a chill down my spine.

This is Archduke Serious.

Not only are Titan parts stored here, but also the Archduke's golems.

This means that if Scarlett misuses her power even once, the Archduke's power will be neutralized once and for all.

Like this now-neutralized golem, the Titan could become one.

An overwhelming dispel ability that indiscriminately erases all magical power that touches its wavelength.

Scarlett's superpowers are now of the grotesque variety.

Scarlett's face fell and she began to tremble, as if she had heard something unimaginable.

Of course, this is only possible if Scarlett decides to do so.

The Archduke's wizards, as well as Adelia, begin to realize what they've brought into the garrison.

"Pfft, I'll be gone in a flash!"

Adelia watched in disbelief as Scarlett turned and sprinted away from the Archduke's garrison.

"Come to think of it, that was a really big deal....... I'm sorry......."

Of course, there's no way Scarlett would do that, and there's no Titan nearby, but it was definitely a risky move to bring her here.

Scarlet's powers were not monstrous in that sense, but rather more dangerous to her allies.

"I can't believe Scarlett's powers have already reached that level......."

I even saw one of the golems neutralized right in front of my eyes.

No matter how powerful the magic, no matter how powerful the magic.

Scarlett can remove the spell if she wants to.

It wasn't until she saw it with her own eyes that she realized how powerful and dangerous it was.



* * *



"Hmph, hmph....... ......."

Scarlet sprinted through the garrison, making it back to the Royal Class garrison in one fell swoop.

Scarlett doesn't rely on her superpowers much. They rarely help her in battle in the first place.

However, he did occasionally use his powers in battle to save allies whose minds had been overpowered by monsters.

However, the Archduke's golem, caught up in the force, was overwhelmed.

Scarlett was both amazed and baffled that such a thing was possible. Surely, golems roam the battlefield, and it had never happened before that Scarlett's powers would catch them. There was no need or reason for Scarlett's powers to be activated at all times during battle.

What happened because Golem had bad luck and Scarlet had bad luck, so to speak.

This was caused by terrible timing.

Scarlett was so startled that she broke out in a cold sweat.

You've unwittingly neutralized a golem.

Okay, let's call it an accident.

'I....... But if he misuses his powers....... Titan could be neutralized?'

But Scarlett's mind seemed to go blank as she recalled the last words she'd heard.

Titans are an indispensable force in the Alliance right now.

To think that if she had misused her power, the Titan could have literally turned into a mountain of tin cans, Scarlett could only count herself lucky that it hadn't happened before now.

The Titans had only been deployed twice in combat so far, and the Titans were always moving in the middle of the enemy rather than on the friendly side, so the chances of that happening were slim to none, but the fact that it could happen at all was a huge shock to Scarlett.

If your mistake incapacitates a Titan, your life will not be enough to pay for it.

It was only then that Scarlett realized she had an ability that was far more dangerous to her allies than to her enemies.

A psychic who is actually more dangerous to his allies.

Disabling one golem was enough to cause a lot of trouble.

Unlikely, but just in case.

The mere possibility of having any negative impact on Titan was enough to make Scarlett decide.

"I shouldn't be here.

Realizing the dangers of her abilities, Scarlett's best option is to leave the battlefield as soon as possible.

Before it causes more irreparable damage than it's likely to help.

With the end of the Gate Crisis just around the corner, it's better to keep powers that are dangerous to your allies off the battlefield.

It's not a cowardly decision to survive. You can't do more harm than good.

First, we need to find Mr. Mustang.

Explain the details of the situation and they'll send you back.

With that thought in mind, Scarlett visits the Command Barracks at the Royal Class Garrison.

"What's wrong, why are you breaking out in a cold sweat?"

When Anna saw Scarlett, pale in complexion and sweating all over, she approached her with a serious look on her face.

"Do you want some fatigue pills? Christina gave me some......."

As a master alchemist, Christina had always kept simple fever reducers, painkillers, and fatigue remedies in her barracks as a kind of first aid kit. Anna studied Scarlett's complexion, offering to give her whatever she needed.

When asked if she had any such elixir, Scarlett shook her head.

"Oh, no. Anna, it's nothing like that. I feel fine."

"You're feeling fine......, what else is going on?"

Anna continues to study Scarlett's complexion, sullenly, but with concern.

"Oh....... You know what....... Apparently, I'm not supposed to be here anymore, so I'm going to go to......."

"What does that mean......? Why would you?"

Not knowing who you're talking to or what you're talking about.

"Actually, during the last battle of Wall Run......."

Scarlett begins to say things she shouldn't, to people who shouldn't hear.

Unknowingly disabling a golem.

You've just been summoned to the Archduke's garrison to see that you've neutralized a golem, and you've broken one as a test.

I don't think I should be here anymore, because I might break Titan if I get it wrong.

At the end of Scarlett's explanation.

"ouch......."

Anna looked at Scarlett with a meaningful expression and nodded.

"That could be......."

Scarlett recognized the look in Anna's eyes.

"I can see that......."

Along with the Detomorian, there's always the sullen Annada. So you can't help but feel an inexplicable sense of reluctance when you talk to him.

Anna De Guerna.

A girl with a talent for black magic grabs Scarlett's shoulder.

"Scarlett......."

"What?"

"Don't tell anyone about this."

"What......? Don't do it?"

"Don't, especially......."

Anna looks around, as if biting her lip.

It was a dangerous picture, one that made it look like Anna was trying to hypnotize Scarlett.

"Don't ever do that to Christina."

"What? Anna, I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm a......."

Scarlett couldn't help but be baffled by Anna's out-of-nowhere story.

When Scarlett asks what's wrong, Anna gets in her face.

Scarlett couldn't help but swallow involuntarily as those deep black eyes, dark as the abyss, drew closer.

Somehow, it's intimidating.

"If you don't do it, don't do it."

Scarlett felt like she was going to break under the pressure.

Don't just say it out loud without explaining why.

But in the look in Anna's eyes, Scarlett could see the horror in the abyss.

"What are you two doing?"

Then, from behind him, he heard a voice.

Anna paled at the sound of that familiar voice.

Turning around, I see Christina approaching, wearing a colorful apron that looks like she's been tinkering with alchemical reagents.

"What, what are you talking about that's so secret?"

Christina flashed a deliberately wicked grin and elbowed Anna in the side.

"Oh, no, it's not that....... It's just that Scarlett doesn't look well......."

"Huh? Scarlett's not feeling well, huh? Why are you sweating like this?"

Scarlett has no idea what's going on. Christina walks over to Scarlett and touches her forehead, which is wet with a cold sweat.

What the hell does she have to do with what you just learned?

When she asked if he was sick, if she should give him medicine or call a priest, her touch showed nothing but concern for her friend.

But Anna is shaking.

I can't figure out why.

"Anna, what's wrong with you, you look more sick?"

Unsurprisingly, Christina was noticing Anna's mood even more strangely.

Christina glares at Anna.

There seemed to be nothing wrong with her nonchalant behavior and demeanor.

It's better to look weird than not.

Scarlett couldn't figure out why this was happening.

"No....... It's just, he's got a cold......."

"A summer cold that even dogs don't catch, because they sleep under a proper blanket?"

"Ugh....... It should be......."

"Wait, I've got a tonic, I'll give you both one."

Christina often walks toward her barracks on foot.

What's wrong with her bringing a tonic to her friend because she looks sick?

"Anna......? What's wrong with you......?"

"Go back."

Without explanation, Anna squeezes Scarlett's hand.

"Go, go, go. Don't tell anyone what just happened. Don't tell anyone, don't tell anyone. Go, go."

Scarlett didn't need Anna to tell her, she was going to.

"You, you shouldn't be here."

I don't know why she's doing this.

Scarlett couldn't figure out why, and Anna wouldn't tell her anything more.





