Episode 646.





Night time.

"Good."

After hearing Ludwig's story, Christina closed her book and nodded.

At the end of the march, most of the people in the camp were asleep.

In the mobile barracks, Christina was talking with two others, including Ludwig.

Except for Christina, they didn't look happy.

Ludwig, in particular, was hanging his head, unable to forgive himself for doing this.

You decide to keep your friend effectively locked up. Until everything is finalized.

Even if it's for Scarlett's safety, she's being held for an indeterminate amount of time in an unknown location with nothing explained to her.

Louis, Anna, and Ludwig's expressions were bad, but Christina's were a little different.

"Hmmm......."

Clearly, there were doubts floating around.

"Scarlett finally agreed to do what we said, so what's the problem?"

Louis Ankton looks at Christina and asks, his voice a little sharper.

In the end, it was Christina who said Scarlett needed to be locked up, and she got her way.

"Don't be sensitive. This was necessary."

Louis Ankton gritted his teeth.

Eventually, someone has to make a decision.

She just happens to be that role.

"Has Scarlett been acting a little weird?"

"If it's weird, what?"

Ludwig was uncomfortable with Christina's question, as she seemed to suspect something.

"No, just, whatever."

"I didn't."

Ludwig cut her off, as if her question wasn't worth the trouble.

At Ludwig's words, Christina sighed.

"I know I'm a bitch, but why do you guys seem more emotional than me?"

Christina's eyes turn cold.

"Do you think this is a topic for a petty argument or an emotional battle? The Immortals are the most powerful army in the world, but Scarlett is the only one who can instantly and completely neutralize them. They can kill empires, demons, and everyone in between, but they can't even give Scarlett a scratch."

If Scarlett wanted to, she could erase the immortal like she would an eraser.

"So what are you saying, we should be suspicious of Scarlett?"

At Louis' words, Christina gritted her teeth.

"It's great that Scarlett is following our lead, but does it sound so weird to you that I'm saying we need to be careful?"

"......."

"We're not the only ones who know Scarlett has that power, Adelia figured it out first."

"You can't be....... And now Adelia?"

"Adelia's with someone!"

"!"

"Have you already forgotten who the daughter of the Grand Duke of Saint-Thuan is?"

She shouted, and suddenly everyone realized she was telling the truth.

I'm not doubting Adelia.

It wasn't Christina who was emotional, it was the other three.

I felt terrible that I had trapped my friend, so I didn't think about what I should have done.

"The Order of the Divine has already fallen to the Devil, and the Allies are slowly turning to his side, one by one, but what about Archduke Saint-Antoine? He would naturally, too naturally, fall to the Devil's side, maybe even before the Order of the Divine!"

Now that the demon has begun to move, it will inevitably come into contact with Archduke Saint-Tuan.

That should be obvious without even looking at it.

It's ridiculous to discuss the possibility that Archduke Saint-Thuan might not have sided with the Devil.

"The Devil is working hard to find a way to neutralize the Immortals, and even if he didn't know how right now, he'd still try to get his hands on it."

The side that must use Scarlet's power.

The side that must stop Scarlett's power.

All of them would have acted on that information as soon as they saw it.

It's rather odd that Archduke Saint-Thuan isn't on the Devil's side, and the Devil should have made his move.

But it turns out that Ludwig was faster.

"If we're faster, that's just a weird situation."

The opponent was able to move faster, and as it turns out, the one who received the information late was faster.

"Even if Scarlett went straight back to the Temple, there's no way she's going inside if they're in cahoots with Bertus."

In the end, everyone realized that they were more emotional than she was, and that they weren't reaching the conclusions they should have.

"But in the end....... Scarlett's safety is in our hands....... protecting....... you're doing......."

Anna said it with a twisted look on her face, as if she felt terrible for using the word protection.

Is the protection right?

Shouldn't it be called confinement and surveillance?

But Anna has a point, after all, Scarlett is in our hands, so why doubt her?

"Yeah, obviously that's good. That's great, but....... That's why I'm asking. We need to block even the smallest possibility."

Christina looks toward Ludwig.

"What's weird, you really didn't notice?"

Ludwig is the only one who comes face to face with Scarlett.

If something was wrong, Ludwig was the only one who could see it.

Ludwig ponders.

Strange, or not so strange.

Scarlett was freaking out in the middle of something she clearly didn't understand.

He said he needed time to think about it.

After a moment's thought, I decided to follow Ludwig's lead.

So, we ended up locking Scarlett up.

Ludwig had a dangerous fantasy: Scarlett might have disappeared for a moment in the meantime.

But in the end, Scarlett didn't disappear, she just went to the library to get a book.

He returned with a large trunk in tow.

Is that weird?

"......."

Should we even be suspicious of such behavior?

I wouldn't call it weird, but it is what it is.

I didn't check what was in that trunk.

But, at best, it could have been a piece of clothing or a book, and you had to open it up and search it?

This is Scarlett, who, without explaining anything to you, has convinced you that you need to be locked up for your own good.

I wonder if I should be suspicious of such a Scarlett.

"No, I didn't."

Ludwig's answer was still the same.

Christina asks.

"Are you sure?"

If I had to doubt Scarlett any more than that, I'd rather be betrayed.

"I'm sure."

Ludwig concluded.

But.

"That would have to be true."

Under Christina's threatening glare, Ludwig said nothing more.



* * *



Zodiacal gradient.

Hwang Sung Emperatos.

Central Palace Tetra.

"Now, more and more, it seems like everything is getting out of my hands."

"......Majesty."

"I can control Immortal right now, and I can control the Alliance, but......."

The distance from the heart of the Empire to the Allies is long.

But that physical distance could always be reduced.

The Allies were in the palm of your hand at all times and could move at will.

But in the rapidly changing circumstances that followed the demon's revelation, the whole situation of the allied forces was moving into territory that the Emperor could not see.

This makes sense.

It was Bertus, not the devil, who induced it in the first place.

We've given them the sign that it's okay to start, and they're just starting to move.

However, the situation had been out of Bertus' hands since he had initiated it.

The Allies are now both physically and politically distant from the Emperor.

The leader of the Alliance is in disarray, and will gradually be devoured by the demon.

Immortals do the Emperor's bidding for now, but after everything reaches its conclusion, they will no longer belong to him.

The empire is losing power.

Saviolin Tana stares at the Emperor with a stony expression on her face, as he engineers and orchestrates a situation in which she intends to lose everything.

The emperor keeps losing something.

No.

To be precise, I'm putting it down.

One by one.

One by one.

Not to have something.

You are designing and arranging every situation to put something down.

All is not lost for the emperor yet.

"You still have control of Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages. All is not lost."

The emperor is too much of a good thing to lay it all down once and for all.

While the Immortals are a very powerful army, the Empire has the Shanapels and the Imperial Mages. These two powers are not to be underestimated.

Saviolin Tana's words make Bertus stare at her.

"That's the problem."

I'm not saying that's a good thing.

Tana bit her lip at the Emperor's comment that that was the problem.

"I don't want to, but why are there so many people I have to go down with?"

The Emperor smiles bitterly.

The emperor has too much, and he has no way of letting go of some of it.

The emperor has many things.

Some things can't be thrown away.

Because.

The emperor can't die alone, even if he wanted to.

"Lord Tana."

"......."

"If I asked you to take the Imperial Mages and Shanapelle and disappear, would you do so?"

At that, Saviolin Tana's eyes narrow.

"I'm....... Why....... Why does it have to be like this. Why....... you have to do this....... I don't know."

Saviolin Tana is a knight who has been loyal to the Empire his entire life.

He didn't know how to live without it.

A person who knows no other life.

The emperor's final order to such a knight is to abandon the empire.

Eventually, clear tears begin to trickle from between tightly closed eyes.

"Your Majesty is young. Why should this happen....... Why your Majesty should have to deal with this....... I don't know."

What does being young and mature have to do with the emperor.

An emperor must be an emperor.

Saviolin Tana, who had served the Empire closest and longest, knew herself how ridiculous her words were.

It's just too bad.

You dreamed of being an emperor, but you didn't become one the way you wanted to.

Bertus was suddenly crowned emperor in the midst of a war and without a coronation.

The prince who wanted to be emperor got his wish.

It's just that he's the emperor of an empire on the verge of collapse.

Such an emperor has only one last wish.

To be the last emperor of mankind.

"Why be the last one on a sinking ship?"

If everyone is abandoning ship, why should you be the last one on board.

The last emperor of a fading nation.

There is no reason why the grave should not be lined with vassals.

The last emperor of the Imperial House of Gradias.

He will be remembered in history as a shadowy soldier who will never be seen again.





