Episode 649.





Coalition forces will be stationed for about three days to regroup.

The days after the battle and the cleanup.

Cliffman's Barracks, Royal Class Garrison.

"How come you're busier now that the battle is over?"

Erich had come from somewhere late at night with a piece of bread, and he lay down on the rug and muttered.

"Many wounded?"

Lindt asks, and Erich looks over at him.

"When has there not been?"

Erhi, who could use divine magic, was busy healing people.

There were four of us in the barracks, Erich and Klippmann, and Kai and Lindt.

As usual, Cliffman was lying on his cot, staring blankly at the tent.

Add Heinrich to the mix, and it was almost always like this.

Of course, Cliffman never once suggested that his barracks be turned into anything resembling a hideout.

Kono Lint had been frequenting Klippmann's barracks for some time now, and Kai and Erich, who had come to look for him, had been pestering him, and Heinrich had been looking for them.

Kliffman has always been quiet about it.

"And Heinrich?"

Kaiir shook his head at Lint's question.

"She's moving with her sister, she's royalty, she's got a lot of work to do."

At Kaier's words, Erhi turns to stare at him.

"......Heinrich went to school with Temple, so yes. Heinrich's sister is the commander of Cernstadt and the next king. Is it okay to call her that?"

"......, right?"

Both Kaier and Erich tilted their heads at the sudden question.

"Is this blasphemy?"

The commoner and the royalty are friends, so it's okay to call the royalty brothers.

We all started to think about it.

I thought about it and decided to ask Heinrich when he got back.

"One more to go."

There is talk of pacifying the rest of the world.

That's why everyone knows that Diane, the capital of Rieseln, is the last stop.

Lint's words brought a pensive look to everyone's face.

"When the war is over, I'm going to visit everyone who has ever written to me."

Lindt's words made Erich shudder.

"......Do you remember all those people?"

"I've got them all, I'm sure I can find someone with an address."

"What's the point of even going there?"

"No....... I was just wondering how you were doing....... and if you're okay......."

Lint blurted out, and when Erich asked what the hell they were doing, Kaeir clicked his tongue.

"That's not what he's doing, he's probably trying to find a pretty girl."

"ah......."

"Oh, no! I! had! those! pure! intentions!"

It's kind of hard not to notice ConoLint's cheesy underbelly.

Of course, I don't know what's really going on inside, but Conor Lint is starting to laugh.

"If there's such a thing as an apostrophe....... And there's a kid I miss......."

-Bam!

"Eek!"

And before he could finish his sentence, Kono Lint hit the floor with a blow to the back of the head so hard that both his eyes popped out.

Suddenly, it was Kliffman who stabbed Lint in the back.

"Why are you suddenly hitting me!"

Conor Lindt cried out as he was slapped in the back of the head.

"Shut up, because you're going to die."

"Huh? What kind of superstition is that?"

"Anyway, we'll talk about it when we're done."

The moment when everyone was stunned, staring at the suddenly sullen Cliff.

-pulp

"Uh, there they are."

Heinrich entered Klippmann's tent.

Kono Lindt slaps the back of his head and glances at Heinrich.

"Have you done your business?"

"Uh, roughly."

Heinrich slumped into one of the chairs in the back of the barracks.

With Heinrich in the room, it was inevitable that our earlier conversation would come up.

In the end, it's just a bunch of talk.

You and I are friends, but that doesn't mean we're friends with your family, so should I think of Louise as a friend's sister, or should I treat her like one, and should I feel comfortable calling her Heinrich in front of her, or does that offend her?

When Heinrich heard the question, he narrowed his eyes.

"...... Why the hell would you want to know that?"

"Just."

"Uh, just."

It's literally just a question for no particular reason or purpose.

There's no such thing as a good story to tell your friends, it's just whatever comes to mind and for no particular reason.

"Come to think of it, everyone but Erich....... from the commoners."

With the exception of Heinrich and Erich de Lapaeri, everyone in this room is a commoner.

"Do you see that now?"

"I don't know, it's just new to me now."

Heinrich had all but forgotten where he came from, so it was refreshing to think about it.

"I don't think my sister would mind how you guys treat me....... And so would your sister......."

Heinrich didn't think Ruiz would care much about that, either.

Though he still didn't know her well, Heinrich didn't see Louise as someone who was strict about her status.

"Well, come to Cernstadt sometime after the war. I won't be able to afford it, but I won't fail to treat you."

Heinrich's words.

"......."

"......."

"......."

At that, everyone is silent, looking only at Cliff.

It just so happens that Kono Lint just got stabbed in the back of the head for crying about the end of the war.

"......what the hell."

Klippmann responded.

"Why do you let him get away with this while you stab me in the back!"

Naturally, Lint was going to be a bit of a dick for saying the wrong thing.

"What the fuck, royalty doesn't say anything, but you can't hit them for being royalty, huh?"

"Shut up. I didn't hit you because you were too far away."

In reality, Kono Lint was sitting next to Klippmann's cot, and Heinrich was a bit far away to slap him on the back.

"......What the hell are you guys talking about?"

Naturally, Heinrich didn't understand what was going on because he didn't know what they were talking about.

"No, he's the one who talks about what he's going to do after the war before it's over!"

"....... Is that what you were talking about?"

You never know if a superstition is true or not.

"It's not good form to talk about what's next before you're done. It doesn't do us any favors to relax."

Heinrich nodded as if he understood what Klippmann was talking about.

The moment you relax because the end is near, you may actually lose your life at the end of it all.

And Diane is the final destination, but also the most dangerous.

There will be more people dying than ever before.

So it's ridiculous to talk about what comes next before everything is done. Heinrich seems to pause for a moment, then adds a cautious postscript.

"Also, the end of the Gate debacle won't be the end of everything......."

At Heinrich's words, Erich looks in his direction.

"What do you mean, just because the gate thing is over doesn't mean it's all over?"

"......."

Heinrich is silent in response.

For quite some time.

When Heinrich suddenly fell silent for a long time, everyone could only stare at him.

He didn't look like he had nothing to say, but it was clear that he was choosing his words.

"Now, there's something you need to know."

It was a sign that we were going to talk about something very important, not just chit-chat with friends.

Heinrich is the only remaining member of the royal family with any power in this position.

As such, Heinrich may be a friend, but he is the only one with access to information coming from the highest levels of the Alliance.

Heinrich looks around.

"Lint, send us to a place very far away from the Allied garrison."

"......Suddenly?"

"I'll tell you later, but for now, don't ask me anything."

Everyone, I've never seen Heinrich look so serious.



* * *



The sudden change in Heinrich's mood made everyone realize that this was not a time to play around.

One by one, they were brought to a place very far from the Allied garrison, as Heinrich of Kono Lindt had said.

A place where the lights of the garrison can be seen in the distance.

Of course, I could only assume that this was not something anyone else should hear.

There's nothing to illuminate the surroundings but the dim moonlight.

"Dude, you're scaring me."

Kaier asks, stunned by the change in the atmosphere.

All eyes are on Heinrich.

"Like I said, the end of the gate crisis is not the end of the story."

Everyone is looking at it.

When the gate crisis is over, people will finally be freed from their fear of monsters.

That's not it.

"Of course, the end of the Gate won't be the end of it. We still have to deal with the remaining monsters on the continent, and we don't know how long that will take."

That's what Lint said, and it's certainly true.

"Yeah, you're right, but I'm talking about something else."

While Heinrich is trying to figure out how to break his luck.

"You mean the devil?"

Only Cliff, who had been silent, spoke up cautiously.

Everyone else is silent, and Heinrich stares wide-eyed at Cliff.

"Because that's all you're going to hear."

Kliffman had a pretty good idea of what to expect.

"......."

And Kono Lint's expression, which he had been deliberately ignoring, hardened.

The topic of demons had to be addressed at some point, and the work of demons was bound to surface at some point.

The Gate debacle is over, and unless you're one of the remaining monsters, it's clear that you're going to have to start thinking about the devil's work.

"Right."

Heinrich speaks up after a long silence.

"Right now, more than half of the Alliance has sworn allegiance to the Demon King."

"......what?"

"What?"

However, Heinrich's shocking words left everyone speechless.

"Your sister chose to follow the devil."

The next, more shocking statement made us all want to deny reality.



* * *



No one should be surprised to hear that a significant portion of the Alliance's leadership has already sided with the Devil.

Even within the Alliance, the Temple, and by extension the Royal Class, are treated as special, and it's difficult to get information out of the command center unless it's a special case like Heinrich or Ellen.

But to understand the Alliance's decision to side with the Devil, there are some things you need to understand first.

Mass riots and massacres in the ecliptic.

Army of the Dead. Immortal.

The empire's position in jeopardy.

And the movements of the Crusader Knights and the Order of the Five Masters.

Heinrich went back to the ecliptic and described what he'd seen and heard, what events he'd been involved in, and what he'd learned at the end of it.

"That the army is....... undead made of warriors......?"

Kaier mumbles to himself.

"The fallen, plus the dead heroes of the past."

The characters from history were reanimated as the undead and fighting alongside each other.

Their jaws dropped as they realized that the unidentified allied forces were more fearsome and formidable than they had imagined.

And Kono Lint's reaction was a little different.

He didn't know the specifics, but he knew that what the Empire was up to involved raising the dead heroes of the past as the undead.

So I had a pretty good idea of what Immortal was. I just couldn't tell anyone.

One new thing I learned.

The three of them, Christina and Louis Ankton, are deeply involved in the creation of Immortal.

Not at a deep level, but actually key people.

"What are you doing......."

He was a classmate, albeit a B student.

I thought I wasn't really doing much on the battlefield, but I was doing the most important thing, hidden from everyone.

"So, Cernstadt decided to side with the Devil because the Empire might fall after the Gate debacle?"

Klippmann's words silenced Heinrich for a moment.

"Yes, you're right, no matter how you slice it, there's a debate going on in the Alliance right now about whether we can survive with the Empire or with the Devil, and you've already made your choice."

It's not about right and wrong, it's about survival.

After the gate debacle, you'll have to decide whether you're a demon or an empire.

That choice may have to be made by the head of a group, and beyond that, it will inevitably come down to individual choices.

Erich mumbles to himself.

"It doesn't make sense....... It doesn't make sense....... The devil wants to rule the world? That's how it works?"

Erich's words were tinged with disbelief and horror, as if people would let that happen.

"Like it or not, we're already halfway there, people just don't know it."

"The brass may be able to decide that, but I think it's a different matter whether the rest of us can accept that."

At Klippmann's words, Heinrich nodded.

"That's a question for another time. Anyway, what I'm saying is, it's time to make a choice."

Emperor or empire.

You must select

Now that we've reached the end of the gate crisis, we need to realize that the next problem exists, and we need to think about it.

"That's ridiculous."

Then, after a long silence, Kaier Bjorden spoke up.

"All of this happened because of somebody, and we don't know where they are or what they're doing, and they're trying to devour humanity, and they're actually doing it? That can't be right."

Heinrich is silent in the face of Kaier's restrained anger.

"Maybe it's a problem, maybe it's wrong, maybe it's a sin, but none of this would have happened if it hadn't been for Gate, and you can't live with an asshole like that, and you're going to follow him, and you're going to stand by and let him take everything? That's not....... That's bullshit. It can't be......."

"I didn't do anything."

It wasn't Heinrich who broke in on Kai's words.

This is the only time I've met the devil himself since the Gate debacle.

Heinrich von Schwarz.

Then there was Conor Lint.

"I actually....... I met Reinhardt the other day."

After surprising everyone, Heinrich surprised himself this time.



* * *



Just as Heinrich was hiding something, Kono Lint was hiding something from everyone.

Immortal's deployment to the front lines is recent, and even before that, suspicious activity on the marching grounds was ongoing.

A city destroyed in a preemptive strike.

Kono Lint was suspicious of what was going on, so he went out to scout, where he saw the unknowns fighting far ahead of the Alliance.

And I realized it was the Devil's army.

She was then kidnapped by Reinhardt's men and woke up in Reinhardt's castle.

I spoke with Reinhardt briefly afterward.

He didn't elaborate, but it was clear that he wanted to stop the gate from happening.

Now that everything has gone wrong, we're doing our best to end the gate crisis.

It can't be true. Lint did, in fact, lead his army ahead of the allied forces and saw the demon army fighting with his own eyes.

"So everything that happened last year was....... was done by the Demon Army?"

"Yeah, right now it's probably....... although I don't think it's moving because it has an immortal."

Outraged, Kaier listened to Lint's explanation and froze.

"The gate thing happened because of Reinhardt, but he never wanted it to happen, that's for sure."

I wasn't just sitting on the sidelines doing nothing.

I was constantly doing things where people couldn't see me.

"But then you said that if others knew the truth about you, it would be a problem of its own, so it was better to leave it alone....... to keep this a secret. That's what I told him."

Obviously, if it's a truth that's going to destroy and divide people, it's better that it not be known.

So Conor Lindt was silent.

"But things are different now. It wouldn't matter if the empire was still standing, but you shook hands with it just before it fell, and now that things are going badly....... I have no choice but to step up."

"I suppose."

Heinrich agreed with Klippmann's speculation, as it was the first time he'd heard the full story behind it.

"Anyway, they got me here safely, although I did run into them one more time after that......."

"One more time?"

"Uh, uh, uh......."

Conor Lint's face fell.

Later, Lint met Reinhardt again.

It was to ask for help with a problem related to undeadization, but there was one reason for the gaping face.

"In the face of....... 당해서......."

He didn't see it because the demon wanted him to, he saw it because he was lured into seeing it by Sarkegar in the guise of a beautiful girl.





