Episode 650.





Everyone was stunned by the beauty story, but what came next was even more shocking.

The Demon Army sought to rob the Imperial Mausoleum to replenish its supply of Death Knight.

He needed Kono Lint's help to infiltrate the imperial palace.

Lint helped the devil.

But the coffins were all empty.

I went to the Huangdao National Cemetery, but all the bodies had been replaced.

I couldn't help but notice that something was going on in the Empire.

So after replenishing the Death Knight in the Tomb of the Saints under the Crusader Knights, the demon warned Lint not to get any closer, saying it could be dangerous, and disappeared.

Heinrich couldn't help but roll his eyes at Kono Lindt's words.

"Is that....... Was that you guys......?"

The one that entangled Ellen and Heinrich, and Louise and Ludwig.

A case that ended up with no way of knowing who the real culprit was.

Heinrich could only gape at the realization that what had happened in the Cemetery of the Saints was actually the work of Kono Lint and the Devil.

I kind of figured it out if it was the devil.

But it was a shock to see Kono Lint woven into the mix.

"Well, I mean....... It was never a good thing, but....... I thought it was necessary, and I don't regret it."

Lint looks at Kaier.

"He's the cause of everything, but he didn't do nothing. He tried to do something, and now he's like this....... Unlike what I said last time. Reaching out to the Alliance like this....... I'm sure he has his reasons."

"That's what happens when......."

The reason he was trying to make everything about a topic that hadn't done anything was because he hadn't seen it.

Kono Lint even helped the Devil do his thing to some extent.

Kaier was speechless.

"You know what....... Huh......."

Erich stood still, staring blankly at Konorint.

Cernstadt's choices are about survival.

But Konorint spoke as if he trusted the devil.

It's a qualitatively different problem.

It would be cowardly to go up against him in hopes of survival, but trusting him might be seen as just plain crazy.

"After all, believing in the devil is....... A little strange, yes. I suppose you can't help but think so......."

Lindt's words made Erich shake his head.

"No, not that one......."

As if that's not a perspective at all. Erich looks at Lindt.

"You, how did you not tell me until now?"

"......?"

Heinrich nodded, as did Kaier, who had been frozen at Erich's outburst.

"That's what I'm most excited about right now."

Even Kliffman said so.

Certainly, Kono Lint is an ability in and of itself, so there's a lot of talk about it here and there.

So whenever something happened, he would immediately tell me where it happened and how it is now.

I can't help but wonder how he could have kept such a big secret for so long and never even hinted at it.

"Now....... Are you saying I'm cheap?"

Conor Lint was embarrassed to see his friends panicking where he shouldn't have been at all.

"No, you didn't know that until now?"

"I'll put up with you when you put up with me, you assholes! What do you think I am?"

Kono Lindt couldn't help but resent being treated like a dick.

A surprise to everyone.

Kono Lindt was a man who knew when to keep his mouth shut.

At the sight, Heinrich smiled bitterly.

Kono Lint had a secret of his own.

"I've met him."

"......what?"

I thought it had disappeared somewhere and I couldn't even see it, but that wasn't the case.

Unsurprisingly, Reinhardt was everywhere. It's just that those who have met him are keeping a secret.

"You too?"

Kono Lindt was understandably surprised.

"It's not like you. I didn't help you....... I got it."

"You got help?"

Conor Lint was forced to cooperate with the Devil half-heartedly.

Heinrich, however, is a different case.

However, in this case, it was a very painful topic to address.

"If it weren't for ...... Reinhardt, I might have died."

That's because he had to talk about his brothers' deaths.



* * *



The topic Heinrich brought up was a heavy one.

Because we're talking about a long, long time ago.

When he was too young to remember, he awakened his powers and burned his brothers to death.

And being banished to the temples of the Empire.

That's why they were hated by their siblings.

Heinrich had no choice but to tell them all about his dark past, so that they could understand the circumstances that led his brothers to try to kill him.

And brothers who are jealous and hate him for becoming a war hero.

A letter from an anonymous friend, stating that you will be killed by your brothers.

The suspicion that I might be illegitimate, which I heard from the Emperor.

At the end of the conflict, Reinhard came to Heinrich.

I'll explain everything to you, and we can talk about what we can do together, because I'm going to get killed.

Heinrich did not follow Reinhardt.

And Heinrich, torn between telling his mother the truth about his illegitimate child and not telling her, had no choice but to do so, even though he felt guilty.

This is the moment to say it all.

The moment his sister killed his brothers with her own hands, Heinrich realized that his eldest sister was actually his mother.

All of my friends who heard the whole story were baffled by it.

"Reinhardt didn't save me, but he tried to, and the things I did because of that letter....... are what kept me alive in the end."

In fact, Heinrich was almost killed. Only Louise, who had spoken to the Emperor, learned of the attempt and prevented it.

Reinhardt didn't save Heinrich himself, but as it turned out, Heinrich would have died if it weren't for Reinhardt's letter.

"I don't want you to understand, sister....... No, your mother chose to side with the Devil....... because she knows that."

We know that the demon tried to save his son.

That saved it.

It's true that you made a choice to survive.

Underlying that judgment, however, was the knowledge that his son was alive today because of the Devil.

I can't help but thank the devil, because Louise is definitely going through something.

That's what Louise thinks.

The same goes for Heinrich.

That she was truly loved.

Why you didn't die.

It all started with a letter from the Demon King, in which he realized that his mother, whom he thought was his eldest sister, had begged him to let her live in the temple.

Everyone was at a loss for words.

What I thought were brothers were actually uncles.

The uncles were trying to kill their sister's son, who they mistook for the youngest.

And the mother kept her son.

"I don't know how Reinhardt knew I was going to die, but the bastard....... He obviously didn't want me dead. Maybe he did it to take advantage of me....... I don't think that's the case, and the way he acted towards you, Lint, not me, I think he just....... He wants us to be safe, he wants everyone to be happy, and even though he didn't get his wish, he still wants that, that's for sure."

Finally, Heinrich, the man who started the whole thing, looks at everyone.

"Whatever the real cause of the Gate debacle, whether it was actually Reinhardt....... Yeah, Reinhardt could be wrong. No matter what the devil does, there's not always a good ending, I know that."

The devil is either right or wrong.

That was and still is an unknown.

The results will tell the tale, so there's no point in prejudging the outcome at this point.

"So, I never thought I'd say this, but......."

When he saw himself as a flint or a bonfire, Heinrich sincerely wanted to kill Reinhardt.

That's why it's hard to believe that Heinrich himself is the one who says this now.

"I believe in Reinhardt."

That concerned letter from a friend who didn't name names.

Now, you need to send a faithful reply to your friend.

We still don't know if the devil is right or wrong.

But, trust me.

Too much has happened for me to trust Reinhardt.

That's why we follow it.

To survive, Cernstadt chose the devil, or so the story goes.

But now that it's all said and done.

Heinrich says he does it not to live, but because he believes in Reinhardt.

I wonder how long the silence lasted.

"Me too."

Of the silent ones, Kono Lint speaks up.

"Me too, asshole, I'll believe it."

Some people believe in the devil as a prince somewhere.

Someone believes in the devil as a commoner somewhere.

But man may have status, but faith has no status.



* * *



The people gathered here are special soldiers, but they're still just soldiers.

It's unclear how much of an impact they will have on the mainstream by believing in the devil or not.

But there comes a time when we have to have that conversation.

In this moment when everyone is taking sides, you have to stand somewhere, whether you want to or not.

Will you believe in the empire or the devil?

Will the empire survive, or will the devil?

It's just a matter of whether you choose to believe or survive.

"Whether you believe it or not, does this mean we're going to have another war when the Gates debacle is over......."

Everyone fell silent at Klippmann's words.

What Reinhardt wants or believes is a separate issue.

In other words, as soon as one catastrophe ends, another storm begins, with no one to take it in.

We can't all be on the devil's side.

Not everyone can be on the Empire's side.

"You must choose one or the other, it's either this or......."

Heinrich shakes his head at Kaier's words.

"You can choose neither."

"......what?"

"Literally."

To select nothing.

"There are empires and there are devils, and there are people who wish they were both gone."

Choosing nothing is certainly an option.

"Then....... What am I supposed to do?"

Erich asks.

What are we supposed to do?

Are you cowardly, or not cowardly, or not even that choice, and hoping for the doom of all?

Heinrich laughs bitterly at Erich's question.

"What can I say?"

Just the price.

Just a ref.

Judgment and punishment must be meted out to the guilty, for the rest is history.

There are those who think so, and Heinrich knows they are his biggest enemy right now.

After a moment of silence, Kliffman speaks up.

"Heinrich, I want to ask you something."

"......What is it?"

"Ludwig's arm."

"......a."

Kliffman asks.

"That has to do with something called immortals, right?"

I had a procedure.

Immortals involving Christina, Louis Ankton, and Anna.

Something's different in Ludwig.

It's like a puzzle finally fits together.

"Obviously, yes."

At Klippmann's question, Heinrich nodded.

Since we know what an Immortal is, Ludwig's recovered arm must be related to it.

So it can't be a normal arm, and Ludwig is not in a normal state.

Everyone in this room will eventually have to choose.

It's just a matter of whether you're making choices to survive or because you believe in them.

Unlike the other two who have already made their choice, you're one of those who can't help but think about it.

"I was wondering if you could give me a word."

Kliffman said.



* * *



Charlotte and I were sitting across from each other in the king's office, which had become the regent's office.

"Hmmm......."

"umm......."

Charlotte and I have the same ambiguous expression.

Charlotte was the first to speak up.

"It doesn't really matter, because an unspecified number of people know we're intervening in the Alliance, and there are forces there that aren't sympathetic to us. Our intervention itself was bound to spread far below the Alliance."

"I knew that."

As Charlotte says, some people have reason to keep secrets, while others have no reason to keep secrets and are aware of the involvement of the Demon King's allies.

Not too long ago, I thought that if the news got out to the Allies, it would be devastating.

In practice, just because commanders cooperate with you to stay alive doesn't mean everyone agrees with their decisions.

But with the final battle on the horizon, and the bulk of the real power in the Immortals, it may not actually matter if the Alliance falls apart.

It's a matter of whether suspicion turns into division, or whether it reaches the final battlefield.

Demon followers and Imperial troops are now coexisting where they shouldn't be.

But the good news is that it's only a short distance to the Rieseln capital, Diane.

The division must be after the capture of Diane.

And the rumors of the devil's intervention haven't gotten too widespread yet.

This is a rumor spread by one of the people in the know.

"I don't know about anything else, Heinrich, but aren't you getting your ass handed to you by your mom?"

"......Maybe."

Charlotte nodded in agreement at my vehemence.

Heinrich had an accident, so to speak.

"And what else did you report to your mom about getting into an accident?"

"......Yes."

Heinrich knows of course that Cernstadt is on our side. In fact, it is Louise von Schwarz, not me or Lowen, who is responsible for bringing in the other weaker and smaller powers.

Because of this, she is actually exposed to a great deal of threat. She is, in a sense, an even more frontline frontman than Rowen, so it's not surprising that she is subject to assassination threats.

Louise has risked it all to get ahead of the curve.

In the meantime, Heinrich informed his friends of Cernstadt's treachery.

"Charlotte, you're right....... It's not a big deal after all, since it was going to happen anyway......."

"It's not unreasonable, and Heinrich was thinking of you in his own way, and it seems to be working out."

"It should be."

It's not that I don't understand Heinrich's feelings, or that it's necessarily a stupid move.

It's about thinking about my friends at the same time as it is about me.

Heinrich wanted to avoid a situation where his friends would later realize that things were changing rapidly and might have to antagonize him.

And I would have wanted to speak for myself.

Heinrich did what he did because he wanted to prevent me from having to kill my classmates.

Let's not fight among ourselves.

But Louise is going to be embarrassed when her son tells her that he did it in public.

Did you really get spanked by your mom......?

"That's not what's important right now."

Heinrich's behavior was troubling, but as Charlotte says, it's something that will eventually come to light.

What Charlotte and I are thinking about right now is not that Heinrich was in an accident.

A message was sent to me.

Since Louise has never met me in person, she has to go through Rowen to get her message to me.

So the son has leaked a secret to his friends, and he's like, "I need you to go to my mom and deliver this message to the devil," and he's like, "I need you to deliver this message to the devil.

The message is to be delivered to Rowen, the leader of the Crusader Knights, whom Louise personally dislikes.

The fact that it got to me at all means that Louise swallowed her shame and humiliation and asked me to deliver the message to Rowen.

"If that was my son, I'd be pissed."

"......."

Charlotte nodded in agreement with me.

Heinrich.......

You lived because you were a son.......

You should know what you're asking your mom for, don't you think.......

And so from Heinrich to Louise.

Louise to Rowen.

And a message from Rowen to me.

Heinrich's behavior may have been an accident, but it was a message that meant a lot to me.

Following Heinrich's confession, Kono Lindt has apparently decided to stand by my side.

This is very large.

In Louise's defense, her idiot son was an accident waiting to happen, but in my defense, it was a good thing.

Having Kono Lint on my side opens up a whole new world of thinking.

There are so many things you can do.

Erich and Kaier seem to be on the fence.

And finally.

Kliffman.

This side delivered the word.

It's not a very politically important message, and it's not a message that's going to make a big impact.

"It's not up to us to decide, is it?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

But it wasn't up to me or Charlotte to judge the message.

And it's not a lighthearted message, whether it's influencing the mainstream or not.

I want to meet Riana.

The message was from Cliffman.





