Episode 652.





We've all had a few moments in our lives where our heart beats so hard we think it's going to explode.

It could be because you're too surprised, too scared, too excited, or too thrilled by the moment.

Right now, Riana was having one of those heart-stopping moments.

Out of fear.

But it wasn't just fear.

Exciting moments can be a mix of emotions.

It was a moment as daunting as it was frightening, and Riana's heart was surely about to burst.

There are moments when you feel like you can hear your heart beating in your ears, not just your chest.

It's an overwhelming moment.

But you never know what's going to come out of that mouth, and in that fear.

Riana could barely make eye contact, her eyes downcast in front of a friend she hadn't seen in far too long.

There was a moment when we vowed to slay the devil together.

I was so grateful for the gesture.

However, the two of them were too small for that.

They were too small to have the mighty name of the Devil as an enemy.

There was a time when I found myself and my friend vowing revenge on such topics.

But before you know it, it's a name that carries a lot of weight.

Her determination for revenge took a turn for the worse, and Riana, who wanted to kill the demon, became his henchwoman.

One of the Devil's most important minions.

For the record.

He had become one of those who should be called the Four Heavenly Kings.

It would take me days and nights to explain all the many things that have happened.

But at the end of the day, a conversation is only a conversation if it's initiated.

At the greeting that Riana managed to stammer out, Cliffman merely stared at her and said nothing.

Even in the past, Kliffman hasn't been a man of many words.

Even when he wasn't dealing with Riana, Cliff was always a listener, and when asked to speak, he would either give a short answer or ramble on.

There were no words around it.

Then, as now, she was speechless, but I couldn't help but notice that Riana wasn't the same.

In the past, Kliffman was a man of few words because he couldn't find anything to say.

But it's not that I can't find something to say, it's that I'm choosing what to say.

It's not because I don't know what to say.

I'm just trying to figure out what to say.

Time has passed.

People change.

Just as Riana has changed, so too has Kliffman.

"At least you come to see things like me."

The boy without numbers had become a cynical man.



* * *



They came to see something like me.

There was so much meaning in that one word, it made Riana dizzy.

Those few words encapsulated all the thoughts, self-doubt, and disillusionment that Cliff had been feeling.

"What....... you mean......? Something like you......."

Riana looks at Cliffman with shaky eyes.

"You're weak, I am."

"......."

"Isn't that why you left it behind?"

"!"

That's a rant.

Not a rant against Riana, but a rant against himself.

"There would be no point in taking me, a guy who could only just get his powers up, so it makes sense not to."

Riana had to interrupt Klippmann's self-deprecating remarks.

"No, no, no......."

"And if not?"

"......?"

"Was there another reason?"

Kliffman asks.

Riana could only bite her lip with a sad expression.

"If you go with me, ......, you'll get hurt, no, you'll die, and I don't want you to get hurt because of my insistence."

"That means that if I went with you, you'd only die or get hurt, and there's nothing I could do to help you."

"......."

It's a nice way of saying, you know I'm useless and meaningless when I'm next to you.

Would things have been different if Cliff had been around?

It wouldn't have been.

It would have been a burden.

I didn't go with you because I didn't want you to get hurt.

I didn't go with you because your presence would only create negative variables.

Actually, they're the same thing.

It's just a different way of expressing it.

Riana said it the former way, and Kliffman took it the latter way.

And it doesn't change the fact that the latter is true.

But isn't that a bit harsh?

It's the mind that counts.

Doesn't it hurt to be perceived as doing something out of concern for you, when you're really doing something out of disregard for you?

Riana's intentions don't matter.

I was discarded because I was useless.

It was weak, and I couldn't go with it.

Klippmann took it in stride.

That's what Kliffman had been thinking ever since Gate.

"Riana, I'm not saying I'm sorry or that you shouldn't have done it, you should have, and you were right, I wouldn't have been any help, obviously."

"......."

"It's not going to be much different now."

Cliffman, who couldn't even find the right words, was able to compose his thoughts and speak them in a cool manner.

But even the direction of all the outpouring is confusing.

This isn't a dig at Riana.

Disillusionment with yourself for being weak.

An assessment that borders on self-loathing.

Cliffman is just telling the truth.

She lists them, and doesn't even seem to blame Riana.

All resentment and disillusionment is directed at the self.

If she was strong enough to help, she would have sought help from Cliffman.

Blaming yourself for being weak.

Disillusionment with yourself for being weak.

What Ludwig felt when he lost his arm, Klippmann continues to feel.

That's why Klippmann couldn't leave Ludwig alone.

Clearly, Riana was scared.

He might curse, resent, or lash out at Kliffman for the betrayal he felt.

That's what I thought and feared.

But now, Riana is faced with something she never expected.

Cliffman doesn't blame anyone.

Rianado.

Demon King.

No one.

"Again, thank you."

"......."

"For coming to see something like me."

But he was only blaming himself.

Riana was even more terrified of Cliffman's behavior.

Riana gritted her teeth and shook her head, looking only at Cliff, who was now a broken man.

"I was wrong. I....... I'm sorry......."

As Riana finally bursts into tears, Kliffman watches her, his expression still stoic.

"No, Riana."

"I, no, I did it all wrong. I......."

"You didn't do anything wrong."

No one to blame but yourself.

It was the hardest thing to bear, Riana could tell.



* * *



Cliffman wasn't angry, and he wasn't feeling betrayed.

I was taking it for granted.

I didn't take him with me because he wouldn't help me.

Then it's my fault for not being helpful.

It's just me being weak.

And it's still weak now.

That's what I was thinking.

Clifford stood still in front of her until Riana stopped crying.

With the same expression as the first time, Cliffman just stared at Riana.

"When you've calmed down, can we talk?"

"......."

I don't resent it, but it wasn't friendly either.

Hug someone who is crying or give them a pat on the back.

It wasn't always that way, but now it seemed like he had no intention of doing so.

The statement that you didn't do anything wrong makes you feel even more guilty.

Riana was unfamiliar with Cliffman.

Riana has become a different person altogether, and not in the way she thought she would.

Kliffman asked Riana, who had stopped crying, a few questions.

Not wanting to offend, Kliffman chatted nonchalantly with Riana.

At the end of the day, the only one who's wrong is the one who's unhappy.

Riana could only stare at him the whole time, and he asked her what she felt comfortable asking.

"Your father's death was....... wasn't because of the devil, was it?"

"......Yes."

"So, is it an empire after all?"

"......."

"Right."

When Riana disappeared with the demon without saying a word, Clifford had some idea of what had happened.

There would be no other explanation if Riana, who knew the demon was an enemy, suddenly rescued the demon and disappeared.

"Actually, I thought I was going to die that day, because it was reckless. I was moving with Harriet, but she was ready for it, too, but you....... I didn't want to drag you into it."

Circumstances overlapped and Reinhardt was able to escape the temple, but Riana was planning on hitting a rock with an egg.

It was a sure-fire way to die.

That's why I couldn't take Cliffman with me.

But in the end, it's true that we did bring in Herriot, but not Cliff.

Herriot could have helped.

I couldn't be Cliff.

That's true.

"I understand."

Riana gritted her teeth at the resignation in his tone.

"You didn't....... You never understood......."

"I completely understand that I was useless......."

"I didn't want you to die because of me more than I wanted to die!"

"......."

Eventually.

Riana's face twisted into a grim line.

Cliffman stares at Riana's high-pitched voice.

"Not because you're useless, not because you're weak......."

Tears fill Riana's eyes again.

"I did it because you were important......."

Cliffman's eyes widen at Riana's devastating confession.

"Because you're important to me, because I don't want you to die....... That's why I did it....... It's not like that. I didn't mean it like that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I did that. I was wrong. I know I was wrong. I just....... I was wrong, and I left you behind, and that's right, but......."

"......."

"Please, because you don't mean anything. Because you're useless. Not because you're no good. Because you're weak. It wasn't like that....... It wasn't like that....... Believe me. I really do."

The fact that you left it behind.

But why I left it.

It was all about him, after all.

Looking miserable and crying, Riana's words were more of a plea than a confession as she told Cliffman, who was feeling differently at the time, how she felt.

"Just....... Just slap me or something. Cuss me out. Tell me why I left you. Tell him he's a traitor....... I'd rather that......."

I felt like I was being choked to death by the fear of being judged.

But when she saw him, she realized she'd rather he hated her.

It's better to be the one looking for the reason for the problem than the other way around.

When you try to find the reason for your problems in yourself, you get sick.

Those who believe that everything is someone else's fault can at least survive.

If you live your life believing that everything is your fault, it will rot you from the inside out.

More than dealing with Cliffman's anger, Riana found it painful to watch Cliffman's self-inflicted death.

If it's a good way for someone else to live, there's no reason to care.

But for Riana, Cliff is not just anyone.

As Riana cries, Kliffman stares blankly at the sky.

Forest.

You can see the rays of sunlight through the leaves.

"I cared about you too."

"......."

"But to someone I care about, I couldn't be of any help."

"......."

"I didn't even want to think you were bad, that there was a reason for everything, a reason for not telling me, a reason for not taking me, a reason for the gate opening, a reason for everything."

Kliffman says he's been thinking about this for a long time.

"I didn't want to do anything that would make you resent me."

One choice among many.

Cliffman didn't want to choose the option of resenting Riana.

"If I didn't want to resent you, this was the only way I could do it."

Because Riana was important to me, I tried to justify all of her behavior.

Why they didn't take him, why they didn't say anything.

To do so, he had to find the cause in himself.

If only it was a little stronger.

If only it was a little more useful.

If only Riana had been trustworthy enough to ask for help and tell me everything.

And that was it.

Riana has done nothing wrong.

The only way to avoid blaming Riana was to blame myself.

Riana fights back tears as she watches Cliff make such a devastating confession.

"Real......."

Riana, eyes bright red, looks up at Cliffman.

"Really you....... You're still so stupid......."

It was a matter of blaming Riana.

It was easier to assume she had gone mad and followed the devil, and to blame Riana for not saying anything.

But if you're not an idiot for wanting to understand the other person somehow and going down the path of blaming yourself, then something.

Riana grabs Kliffman's hand.

Riana squeezes hard enough to crush, but Kliffman realizes that her grip is weak.

He's a powerful psychic, but he's still not very good physically.

Changed.

Riana has changed, and so has Kliffman.

However, some things haven't changed.

Even after so many events, it's clear that we still care about each other.

"There are benefits to being stupid."

"What is that......?"

"I know I'm not worth much, and I know I'm still weak, but....... I did something stupid like say I miss you for some bullshit that won't work......."

Cliffman squeezes Riana's hand, which is holding his.

"Just like that, I could see you again."

There is no reason for Riana to come to see Cliffman.

Only Cliff knew that.

But I said that nonsense, even though I knew it didn't make sense.

I want to see Riana.

Rationally, he knows. He knows he'll never see Riana, that there's no reason for her to come see him.

But just in case.

It's silly, but just in case.

But in the end, they gave in to the strange request.

So here's how I can see it again.

In the end, we realized that even though we were broken, we didn't resent each other.

I could tell that one was beating himself up and the other was feeling sorry for himself.

Doing stupid things doesn't always lead to bad things.

"Real....... real......."

At Klippmann's words, Riana's lips quiver slightly.

"You...... are getting a little old for this........ real......."

Tears form again in the corners of Riana's eyes.

"I feel it......."

Saying you feel like you're going to throw up.

He shudders as if he can't stand it.

Eventually, Riana laughed.

Only smiling with joy.

I hadn't laughed in three years.



* * *



"......."

"......."

My eyes lock with Paxton's.

"Well....... done?"

"My stomach is in knots because it seems to have gone so well."

"Uh huh....... Well, yeah......."

Kliffman.

I felt like he was something.

It didn't do that when I watched it as a cat.

No, it's because I'm in front of Riana.

I didn't mean to peek in the first place.

No, it's more of a peek, but Harriet and I are watching from a distance, just in case.

We need to stop Cliff from doing anything he might do.

But then there's Riana's sobbing. Or the way Cliff talks so much.

Not only was I watching, but I was also listening to the entire magical conversation, so my cringe was pretty intense.

"Well, that's good....... I'm glad."

Yeah, you're right, it's not as bad as it sounds.

What it's like to be the guy who felt it. You're lucky you didn't get in an accident.

At first, I thought it was a bit out of character, but then I realized that Cliff was only thinking about Riana because she was important to him.

So, I was grateful to Riana for coming to see me on the first of the month.

I couldn't help but be touched, even if it was sad to realize that Riana was blaming herself and not just Cliff.

In the end, only Cliff confirmed that he valued Riana more than she realized.

Even when I was watching him in his cat form, he was so inarticulate that I had no idea what he was thinking.

But in the end, you speak your mind in front of Riana.

"Actually, it was kind of exciting......."

Herriot blushed at the sight of Riana, who had now begun to talk easily, despite the tear stains, and at the two of them, who had begun to have a normal, if somewhat emotional, conversation.

Excited?

"......Do you like that?"

"......?"

Do you like what you feel?

"Why, do it?"

His brow twitched at my words.

I've never done anything like that, but I'm sure it's possible.

"Don't, really."

As I look like I'm about to do something stupid, Herriot opens his axe eyes and glares at me.

No, but.

It's kind of hard to hit a line you feel without any buildup, isn't it?

What should I say?

"Meeting you is the luckiest thing that ever happened to me."

That's all I can think of!

Herriot, however, shakes his head at my offhand remark, if not at my conversion.

"That's a fact."

"????"

"Wrong?"

No, this isn't it.

I don't know what to say to that because it's so straightforward.

"Oh, no....... Well, yes, but......."

"Hmph......."

Yeah, whatever.

Nothing like the best of luck.......

It's a bit....... to admit that with your own words. Isn't it......?

Pacton walks up beside me and crosses his arms.

He looks up at me and smiles wryly.

"Isn't my sweet little kitten happy to have an owner like me?"

No.

No!

Hey!

Why are you better at this!

"My, my, I did it wrong......."

"Don't be silly."

Feel and nabal.

My heart almost stopped.





