Episode 656.





"You're telling me not to charge my arc crystal?"

Kaier frowned at Redina's comment.

"Yeah, I'm just going to use it as is until the Diane battle."

Once the fight at Diane is over, the gate situation is over. Redina's suggestion was to leave things as they are now and use the Arc Crystal only once.

"I shouldn't have to keep using it in the middle of a battle."

As Kaier said, the arc crystals were being used in battle, with Kaier charging them and Redina drawing from them.

"You fell down while doing that."

"......."

Kaier is in very bad shape.

Even if there is one final battle left, there is no way to know if Kai'er will be safe if you continue to use the Arc Crystal in the same way.

An arc crystal that is now fully charged.

Redina's suggestion was to fight the final battle without recharging, and leave Kaier out of it.

Redina nods, looking at Kaier, who looks stoic.

"I know what you're trying to say, and I'll be able to do more magic with you, and I'm sure that will help."

"......."

"But you know what....... has a weird army."

At that, Kaier's eyes widened.

Now Kaier knows what that army is.

"They say it's some kind of....... I don't know what's true and what's not, but either way, I don't think the need for you and me is as great as it used to be, so I think we'll be fine with the arc crystals we already have."

So you don't need to burn lives to draw magic.

That's what Redina was saying.

Kaier knows about immortals.

Clearly, she wasn't wrong.

With Immortals, the importance and need for Redina to cast magic from Arc Crystal is less than it used to be.

It's unlikely that Kaier will have to shoulder much of the burden anytime soon.

But, is it worth it?

Before Kaier could say anything.

-Hair

Redina knelt before Kaier.

"Please."

Redina kneels down and looks up at Kaier.

"Don't push yourself any further."

"......."

"All this time I've been....... I was mean to you. I was wrong to you. I didn't know anything. I've been selfish."

As the senior, younger than him, kneels and begs, Kaier watches in silence.

"I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I want to apologize, but I don't know how. I don't know what makes a good apology. I'm sorry......."

Looking down at Redina, who eventually begins to sob, Kaiur Bioden smiles bitterly.

Kaier wasn't the only one broken.

Even Redina, who had to decide the fate of so many people, couldn't help but be broken.

But that would have been a mess.

Look at something you've broken and apologize.

He's shaking, head down, not sure what to do.

No need to apologize.

Just keep doing what you've been doing.

Kaepernick has been saying that for years.

But now, their role can be filled by someone else.

If so, I don't think we need to be so hard on ourselves.

You're not dead yet, so it's kind of mean to insist that you can do a little more.

If I'm going to risk my life when I don't have to, it's not to end the gate crisis, and it's not because I want to save people.

Telling people to just do what they've always done, even here, is just plain vindictive.

To a sulky kid who's always been beating himself up and sulking, you made me this way, and now you're forcing me to use my life-burning magic to save people.

Right or wrong, it's just plain cheesy.

It's just something to annoy her.

Because.

Kaier kneels in front of Redina, who apologizes.

"I've always wanted to die and watch you live with regret for the rest of your life."

"Please....... Please......."

"Too bad."

With all due respect, it was Redina's word against mine.

There's no reason to get stuck on something that doesn't make sense.

Forcing yourself to die when you don't have to is just plain stupid.

"......blah, blah, blah!"

Redina bursts into tears, and Kaier gently pats her shoulder.

"Me, I'm sorry....... I. I've been all wrong. I've been....... been so bad so far."

"Don't cry. Asshole."

Kaier gently patted the younger man on the back for being a jerk.



* * *



Reconciliation is hard, but once you've done it, it doesn't seem like a big deal.

In the end, no matter what, it was the immortal that brought Ledina and Kaeir together.

Ever since the arrival of the Immortals, Redina has felt that her presence with the Arc Crystal is not as important as it once was.

Kaier was forced to realize that there was no point in obsessing over charging the arc crystal with a false sense of mission.

In the end, of course, it was Redina's attempts to convince Cai'er to do the same.

Reconciliation is something that only those who have done it know.

Until you reconcile, it feels like the hardest thing in the world, but it's really the next most important thing.

"......."

"......."

That is, the awkward silence that sends chills down your spine.

If they were very close to begin with, it might be possible to reconcile and go back to the way things were, but this is a cider where there's no "way things were" to begin with.

The Arc Crystal is a very large power cartridge.

In the first place, the project involving the Arc Crystal was not Kai or Redina's idea, but Adelia's.

Someone who has powerful magic but can't use it.

A person who can perform magical operations at near-superhuman speeds, but has too little magic power.

Knowing of their existence, Adelia created the Arc Crystal.

So while Lydina and Kaier are senior to each other, they met through work in the first place.

We had a bad relationship in the first place, and then we left and met over something that didn't even exist.

So, it's back to business as usual.

At first, we tried to cheer each other up, but it was short-lived, and the frustration was building.

Since they had never been close, and had only made up after complaining to each other, it was bound to be more awkward than if they had just vented their frustrations.

"......."

"......."

Redina's fingers were twitching, and Kai was no different.

"Some....... Yes....... Right......?"

That was all she could manage to say.

"......Yes."

That was all Caierdo had.

Eventually, you'll need a different topic.

Allied forces halted in their tracks, near the Arc Crystal Tower.

Redina looks up at the starry summer night sky.

"But lately, there's been a lot of weird rumors."

"Ah....... that."

"I guess the war is over, so they're talking about nothing."

Redina dismissed the ominous rumors of the Alliance as mere gossip.

It's just people getting excited and saying this and that.

There were quite a few stories that were definitely unbelievable.

Listening to Redina, Kaier says to Nazik.

"Well, that's probably true for the most part."

"......?"

"Mostly true."

Seeing Redina's confusion, Kaier says.

"What....... are you talking about? What rumor is true?"

At Redina's question, Kaier stares at Redina's dumbfounded face.

"That the Empire used black magic to create an undead army of warriors."

"And that there are those who choose to side with the devil."

"That the Emperor was involved in the Gate debacle."

"All of them, probably true."

Redina's eyes widened at Kaier's words.

"When the war ends, it won't be the end of everything. Something else will start."

Kaier stares at Redina.

"I don't know, but you're an important person, so you should know."

The truth doesn't matter.

You have to decide where to choose and where to follow the truth and facts.



* * *



In her barracks, Redina sat dazed.

It's long past your bedtime, but sleep hasn't come.

Many of the rumors that have surfaced are true.

An army of the undead.

Traitor to humanity.

That the Emperor was involved in the Gate debacle.

As far as whether or not she hated the devil, she didn't think so.

Redina could not equate the Reinhardt in her head with the demon known to the world.

But that didn't mean we could completely separate them.

You don't know which one is the real devil.

But there was a monster in front of me.

So I was just dealing with the monsters in front of me and not thinking about what was causing all this and who to hate, and even if I did, I couldn't decide what was wrong.

But now that the topic has been raised, it's time to think about what you've been holding back.

Where did this all start and who's to blame?

The betrayers of humanity, they didn't really betray, did they?

Were there really different people to be judged?

Like many of us, she was feeling lost in the confusion.

The point is, what we've taken for granted is crumbling at a very rapid pace.

Is the devil really evil?

Was humanity really a victim?

The boundaries of truth were breaking down, and everyone was being judged.

Redina finally couldn't stand it any longer and had to cautiously leave the barracks.

The closer we get to the end, the more sleepless nights I have.

In addition to herself, Redina could see someone else sitting in a dark corner of the barracks, unable to sleep.

"Adriana......?"

It wasn't anyone else, but Adriana, who was gazing blankly up at the stars.

"Oh, it's Redina."

"What are you doing up?"

Redina asked, carefully sitting down next to Adriana.

"Just?"

Adriana smiled cautiously and said.

Adriana had always been like a sister to Ledina, and now she was more than that.

When she suddenly decided to leave Temple, it felt like she was saying goodbye to her life.

I watched Adriana walk away, calmly, but with a sad look on her face.

And then.

Redina clearly remembered Reinhardt's expression turning very serious at the mention of Adriana leaving the Temple.

Adriana has not returned to the Temple since.

After the Gate debacle, he suddenly joined the Temple forces.

Adriana still hasn't told Ledina the full story.

"Can't sleep?"

"Yes......."

At Adriana's question, Redina nodded.

Redina would be lying if she said she didn't have a connection to the demon. Technically, it's a bad blood thing, but in hindsight, it's ridiculous to call it that.

And clearly, the connection to Reinhardt was more on Adriana's side than Redina's.

"Adriana, have you heard the rumors?"

"Rumors? Oh....... You mean that."

Rumors are a dime a dozen, but there's a lot of excitement in the Alliance. They're easy to pick up on, even if you're not a fan of rumors.

Reinhardt was a taboo subject, even between Adriana and Redina.

As such, it was almost the first time the topic had come up in years, if not ever.

"Adriana, what do you think?"

Rumors.

We don't know how he knew, but he said most of the rumors were true.

I'm still skeptical, but what if it's really true?

Redina couldn't figure it out.

Adriana is silent for a moment, then looks at Redina.

"It's sad, I think so."

It sounds like nothing.

For her, it felt like the culmination of a lot of thought.

"Redina."

"Yes."

"We must survive."

Adriana squeezes Redina's hand and says, "Be still.

The words spoke with more determination and desire than ever before.

Actually, I don't need to say much.

No matter how many unknowns there are, no matter how many unknowns there are, the goal is always the same.

Surviving.

To survive and live in the world.

In the end, all the words are just a long way of saying it.

Looking Adriana in the eye with a look of determination, Redina finally said.

All your worries are gone.

It's too late to think about what the truth is.

I fought to survive.

I fought to save it.

Now we can put the finishing touches on that.

"Yes."

You just need to survive.

"Let's do it."

At that simple answer, Adriana hugged Redina hard.



* * *



In the midst of the chaos, the Allied forces advance on Diane, the capital of Regeln, a nation that has already fallen, with signs of division.

As we neared the last cluster of gates, there were still monsters coming at us even though we hadn't reached the zone of operations.

As such, the Allies were forced to remain in a state of constant combat after a certain point.

It was inevitable that the closer I got to Diane, the more monsters I encountered.

Immortals were in full force, not only punching through the Allied lines, but also diverting them and taking out the monsters that were coming from behind.

The Allied combat fatigue is not as high because the Immortals, an indefatigable army, are doing most of the perimeter fighting.

And so, little by little, the alliance gained ground.

Today marks the end of this long, long process.

Allied General Headquarters.

-Grrrrrrr!

-Currrrr!

The cries, screams, and roars of the giant beast could still be heard in the distance.

"Tomorrow."

Emperor Bertus looks at the assembled military commanders and declares.

The looks on the commanders' faces were mixed.

Some have already decided to side with the devil.

There are those who still stand by the Empire.

Somewhere in the middle, there are those who look at the emperor with suspicion.

Personal judgment and opinions don't matter.

If you're here anyway, you're going to have to fight.

No matter whose side you're on or who you support.

They are the ones who must end the gate crisis if they are to survive.

"Immortal is currently holding a defensive line near the garrison, and tomorrow the entire army will advance on Diane."

"The operational instructions are for each army to move according to the details given below. It shouldn't be much different from what you've been doing, but I want you to familiarize yourself with it."

"There is no going back."

"Already, the rear areas beyond the reach of the Allies are swarming with monsters."

"Remember, our troops are surrounded by monsters."

The Allies, led by Immortal, managed to break through the horde to Diane, but the monsters were constantly replenishing, and the path they'd already cleared was now overrun with them.

The fight will be fought on all fronts, not by forming fronts.

Very few people can escape via teleportation.

The last of humanity's armies is now on absolute death row.

It's an attack that shouldn't even be attempted in the first place without hitting that horrible drain.

Having gotten this far, the coalition must accomplish a single goal.

Destroy all of Diane's warp gates.

If that goal is not achieved and the Alliance is wiped out, humanity is doomed.

The words of the Emperor Bertus, who already had few on his side, could not help but be heard, regardless of what was in their hearts.

"Extra large gate three, large gate five, medium seven, small fifteen."

"It's the number of the last warp gates in the world, and if we destroy them, the gate crisis is over."

"It took the entirety of humanity to get the Alliance this far."

"There is no next."

"If the military is wiped out without a single warp gate remaining, it will be the end of the world, not just humanity."

Everyone's faces turned solemn at that solemn declaration.

It was the same for Rowen, the Crusader Knight Commander.

The list of things to say was not long.

Eventually, you have to go and fight.

Someone who's been silent opens their mouth, as if they know it's the last time.

"Your Majesty."

I can only say this for now.

Because it's the last of the last.

"Did your majesty cause the gate incident?"

The solemn mood in the room stiffened.

There have been times when I've been at a loss for words, even if I'm hanging by my fingernails just thinking about it.

But this is a unique situation in many ways, and I could say this to the emperor's face.

Emperor Bertus stares at the man who spoke those words.

It's a phrase that's on everyone's lips.

It's just that he's the one who said it.

Bertus stares at him with a hard expression.

"Does it matter now?"

Neither positive nor negative.

But technically, it was more of an affirmation.

The Emperor speaks with his eyes closed.

"God bless us all."

That's probably.

It was probably the emperor's only sincerity.



* * *



-cooler

Not too far away, I can hear the howls and bangs of many monsters.

The advance starts tomorrow, but the battle is ongoing.

War machines will assemble and start bombarding as soon as they arrive in the area of operations, and will need to clear a path as they begin to advance.

The battles themselves won't be long, as city raids have always been.

Prolonged battles mean annihilation. Allies don't replenish, but enemies just keep coming at you at an insane rate.

After the last meeting, the Emperor was in a warp spot awaiting his return.

The emperor doesn't have to stay on the battlefield.

Now that we don't even know if the Allies will listen to the Emperor's orders, it's rather pointless for him to stay.

The Emperor simply needs to be informed of the outcome of the battle in the ecliptic.

If the Allies are wiped out, you can wait for the coming destruction of humanity.

If the Allies are victorious, you can wait for what happens next.

As the Emperor waited at the warp spot for a teleport cast by the Imperial Mages, Saviolin Tana stood by his side.

With all the rumors swirling around the Allies, the Emperor actually felt that the Allied garrisons were the most dangerous place for him.

That's why Saviolin Tana kept a close eye on her surroundings, even as she stood by the returning emperor's side.

Just in case someone is swayed by a strange rumor and wishes to harm the Emperor.

All that's left is the Emperor and some of his entourage.

Naturally, Xaviorin Tana will be in the final fight, not only because of her command of Shanapelle, but also because she is a very formidable fighter in her own right.

You never know what will happen later.

However, Savior Tana vows that tomorrow's battle will be a victorious one.

Whatever happened, everyone's prayers were answered.

I vowed to get the word out.

"Your Majesty."

"Yes, Lord Tana."

Saviolin Tana wanted to answer the question, maybe for the last time.

"I'd like to ask you something."

"Yes, please."

"The rumor is......."

Saviolin Tana bites her lip and lowers her eyes.

"After all, is that what His Majesty did....... did this?"

Speaking of rumors.

Gate, and that the Imperial Emperor was responsible.

It's just a rumor.

Saviolin Tana felt when she realized that such a bizarre rumor was spreading.

Reinhardt says, "The devil wouldn't do that.

Even if the Crusader Crusader, Rowen, had practiced such dogma, he would not have allowed it.

Then eventually.

There's only one source of rumors.

At Savior Tana's question, the corner of the Emperor's mouth subtly lifts.

"I don't know."

"......."

The emperor didn't have a good answer this time.

But just as the answer given by the General Staff was tantamount to an admission, how is this any different?

Saviolin Tana gritted her teeth, feeling miserable and helpless.

"Lord Tana."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"Sir is not going to the war tomorrow."

At the Emperor's offhand remark, Saviolin Tana's eyes widened.

"Yes......?"

"My lord, I have other things to do."

This is the final battle.

And the most important fight of all.

But the shock of being told to leave suddenly made Saviolin Tana forget her words.

"We'll talk about that when we get back."

"Your Majesty....... Your Majesty......?"

Before Saviolin Tana could say anything.

-Flash!

A flash of mass teleportation engulfed the Emperor and Saviolin Tana.





