Episode 657.





Day of the march.

As dawn broke, the Allies spent the day defending their positions, and now it was time for the morning of the advance.

And just like that, it was morning in Razak.

As in the last battle, I was disguised as one of the Allied soldiers.

As it is, you will enter the battlefield and join the final fight as a single soldier.

But just like last time, Harriet, Olivia, Riana, and the Lord Vampires were all ready to go.

The paladins and priests of the Holy Order, our greatest strength, have already been unwittingly assigned to the Crusader Knights.

That's why, as much as the coalition is committing, we're committing.

The five Lord Vampires were ready, as were the mages of each house.

"I can go."

"If that's the case, why would you go?"

"......Yes."

In fact, there's a good chance they don't need our help.

So it's just me.

But then again, I couldn't really explain why I should go, so everyone else was going to follow.

That's not all.

Olivia Ranze wasn't the only one waiting to depart with a full suit of paladin's armor.

"It's been a while since I've fought a battle instead of commanded one."

Elion Boulton was one of the first to sign up for Diane's challenge.

No one asked me to do it, I asked myself.

I'm a retired crusader, but if I'm wearing cotton gloves, who's going to recognize me?

Just as Olivia disguises herself as a paladin to fight, so will Elion Bolton.

Charlotte volunteered that she could fight for a day, then backed down when I corrected her.

Charlotte has the ability to fight, but she doesn't know how.

That's why Charlotte was there now, looking nervous.

Similarly, Airi is a succubus queen, so she's got a lot of fighting power, but her horns make her impossible to camouflage, so I told her to stay away.

It's not a massive organization like the Allies.

But our troops are already in the Alliance, so in effect, most of those who could fight in Rajak are heading to the battlefield.

That's not a huge number.

I'm not sure that's even close to the full power of a demon.

But how did I come so close to swallowing up an entire continent with only a handful of people?

Anyway.

Before you leave.

Now that you're a king, you have to say something.

Not everyone is playing, but everyone is there.

Herriot.

Olivia Ranze.

Liana De Granz.

Elion Bolton.

Elise.

Lucinyl.

Galarsh.

Lerouen.

Antirrhinus.

Vampires on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.

Charlotte De Gradias.

Airy.

Sarkegar.

"I'm not a big talker."

There is only one thing I can say in front of these people who are my power.

"This whole time, I've been doing this to save my life."

Yes.

I've done all of this to survive.

"So, let's survive."

So there's nothing to dream about, nothing to hope for, except to survive.

Not just them, but everyone who has stood by my side.

To all those who are not on my side.

May there be such a thing as life and survival after this.

Pray.



* * *



The final battle actually started before we even reached Diane.

The rampaging monsters roamed far beyond the city limits, and they kept showing up.

The day of the battle was just a moment in time when Diane was within striking distance.

Already, the final battle has started two days ago.

The Allies push through the waves of monsters.

As always, Ellen Artorius was at the forefront.

He slashes at monsters with the edge of the Void, wraps himself in the cloak of the Sun God that burns all attacks, and charges ahead.

-Waaaaaah!

-knowwhat!

The shouts of evil-driven soldiers and the cries of monsters rang out, threatening to tear the world apart.

This is the final battleground.

So not only are the behemoths at an unprecedented level in numbers, but the Allied forces must not only push forward, but also hold off the onslaught from all sides.

It's a battle of prioritizing the annihilation of the Alliance or the destruction of all of Diane's warp gates as they are forced to drain.

To put it very brutally.

Here, even if the Allies are wiped out, you can still accomplish your goal of destroying all warp gates.

The remaining monsters in the world can be slowly exterminated.

No more monsters should appear.

Magic and flame, sword and claw, will crackle.

Venom, flame, and lightning scorch the ground as they streak across the sky, spewing from the gills of flying monsters.

And so it is with the flying monsters that crisscross the sky, blasting them from the ground with cannons, thunderbolts, and airborne explosions that tear them apart and set them ablaze.

Something is constantly dying.

People and monsters alike.

Toward the end of all this malice.

-Titans! Titans yet!

-Titan will be summoned at the start of Diane's attack!

The final battlefield of blood and gore was unlike anything that had come before.

"Hmph!"

-Crackle!

Sparks fly in Heinrich's eyes, and the surging horde of monsters disappears in a roaring blaze.

In an instant, thousands of units are consumed in flames, and the ones that aren't killed by the flames break through and mow down the soldiers.

There are monsters for whom flames don't work.

That's something Heinrich is familiar with.

But he couldn't get used to seeing monsters that he couldn't handle breaking through and killing people.

-Flash!

-Bam!

Heinrich's eyes widen as he watches the monster break through the flames, only to be struck by a harsh lightning bolt from the sky and explode.

Lightning strikes.

Well, it's definitely possible to do magic.

But.

-currrrr

As the sky darkened, thunderstorms began to pierce the darkened sky.

Soon.

-Flash!

Heinrich could only squeeze his eyes shut against the blinding flash.

Dozens, no, hundreds, in a very short time.

No.

-Crunch!

Heinrich could only stare in disbelief as thousands of thunderbolts swept across the battlefield, blasting the monsters to pieces.

That wasn't the end of the story.

-Flash!

Thousands of thunderbolts per second sweep across the battlefield.

Even the highest-level magic, Thunderstorm, can't do this.

A shower of thunderbolts bathes the battlefield in white light, erasing monsters like an eraser.

All over the battlefield, too.

"Liana......?"

Naturally.

Heinrich couldn't help but notice who was in the room.



* * *



A thunderstorm rages in the darkened sky.

As if it were an aimed shot, you're hit by a wave of monsters.

"Are you okay?"

"I'm depressed and want to die."

At Herriot's question, a dark-eyed Riana gagged on her own words.

A corner of the Allied battlefield.

Only a few people realize that the torrential downpour of lightning across the battlefield is coming from Riana, who is gagging in her seat.

Even in the midst of her crippling depression, Riana remains focused on her abilities.

More lightning strikes.

More lightning.

Use it to clear the monsters and clear the way.

"But now that I think it's over, I'm going to feel better, and that's the problem."

Herriot smiles sheepishly at Riana's sarcasm.

They're surrounded, but the Allied forces are stronger than ever.

And while the numbers are never large, the forces of evil that are joining forces cannot be ignored.

If Riana, by her very existence, can do what a few military divisions can do, the same can be said for each Lord Vampire and their clan.

I know it's early to be optimistic, but things are looking good.

Is this really the end.

It was around this time that Herriot began to wonder if the Gate debacle could be over.

-Flash!

"Uh......?"

Flashes of light begin to flash across the battlefield.

It was not a light of destruction.

Where that flash comes from, destruction is not happening.

It's disappearing.

Both Riana and Herriot were in positions overlooking the battlefield, so they could see the synchronized white light of the battlefield as sparks and explosions flew everywhere.

It is not a light associated with destruction.

"Teleport......?"

Clearly, it's a flash of mobile magic.

It's not like someone is arriving through that light.

Disappears.

In a flash of light, someone disappears.

It's not just ordinary soldiers who disappear.

They're soldiers in masks.

Riana mumbles to herself, unable to believe what she's seeing.

"Immortal is....... Immortal is disappearing, right?"

Herriot's eyes widened at the sight.

"No way....... No way. No way. No way....... No way......."

Herriot could only freeze in his terrifying imagination.

But the reality in front of you speaks for itself.

Immortal was withdrawing of its own accord.



* * *



"......Heh!"

Instead of slicing up the monster, Ludwig was suddenly transported somewhere in a white blur of light.

"What....... What is......?"

Apparently, just as he was about to leap into battle and take down one of the giant monsters with a single blow, Ludwig was caught in a recall spell without even knowing English.

When Ludwig opened his eyes, he was in a familiar place.

The place where the immortal arrives by recall if it breaks.

Underground Research Center, Temple College of Magic.

While the temple was unable to teleport, the basement of the College of Magic was now able to do so on a limited basis.

Because if the immortal breaks, we need to come back here to repair it.

Ludwig stared in disbelief at the massive cavity and rows of restorative ports.

Of course, you can always revert an Immortal even if it hasn't been destroyed.

-Pot! Flash!

Ludwig is not alone.

With a flash, Immortal's mages and soldiers were being recalled at breakneck speed.

As he watched the Immortal mages who appeared to be casting Recall, Ludwig couldn't help but realize what was happening.

Immortal is fleeing the battlefield and has been forcibly summoned by Recall magic.

I mean, who else could do this?

"Christina......?"

Ludwig gulped when he saw Christina standing still in the center of the gathering of Immortal mages.

In a nearby restorative port, Anna and Louis Ankton lay asleep with their backs to the wall.

It was clear that he had been forced to fall asleep.

There's no way they'd agree on something like this.

"Don't panic, Ludwig. It's all planned."

Looking at the frozen Ludwig, Christina says with a stern look.

"Christina? What are you....... What are you trying to do......?"

Ludwig could not accept this situation.

This is the final battle.

It's a step.

But with one last step, the most important power, the Immortal, leaves the battlefield.

This was crazy, and crazy doesn't begin to describe it.

No matter what the intent, no matter how worthy the purpose.

This is a no-no.

Christina smiles faintly, as if she can tell from Ludwig's expression what he's about to say.

"I don't know about you, but most of the Alliance has sided with the Devil, and if the Gate incident ends without incident, the entire Alliance will fall to him."

"So....... What are you going to do?"

"If the Alliance becomes the Devil's, then humanity becomes the Devil's."

He doesn't ask, but Ludwig already knows.

I can't help but wonder why she's doing this and what will happen next.

"You can't just leave something like that alone, can you?"

"No, Christina....... No, no, no. This can't happen....... This can't happen! This is crazy!"

Even if they betrayed humanity and sided with the devil, even if they said they couldn't leave it alone, is it okay to do this?

In the end, the powerless will be the first to die, and they had nothing to do with it.

She was nonchalantly saying she would sacrifice them.

"I'm not trying to annihilate the Alliance, I'm just trying to reduce their numbers, enough so that the Immortals can clean up the mess."

If you have an army that's going to be the Devil's later, it's already the Devil's.

So we weaken it.

Until you can breathe on emotes alone.

"Meanwhile, it wouldn't be so great if the guys we're supposed to be killing died fighting the monsters. Don't you think?"

Ludwig jumps to his feet, wide-eyed.

You can't let this happen.

I couldn't.

-Bam!

Ludwig plays Christina's slap.

"Don't do anything crazy. Send Immortal back to Diane right now."

Ludwig also crossed the line to some extent, but not as much as Christina.

I never thought I'd do something like this.

This is just insanity.

It's not understandable, it's not justified, it's just insanity.

At the sound of Ludwig's chilling voice, Christina smiles even as she is held captive.

"Okay, let's say we just throw in an immortal and the gate situation is over."

"Yeah, it's too late to think about it once this is all over, because this, this, this isn't for anyone!"

"And what about revenge?"

"......what?"

"The Alliance is more than half owned by the Devil, and the Emperor is about to abandon the Empire, and the only way to get revenge is to kill the Devil, and kill the Emperor, and kill Ellen, and kill them all. Do you really think it's possible to just kill the Devil and leave everyone else who chose to side with the Devil alone? Do you really think it's possible to just pick out the wrong people from the great mass of the Alliance and kill them?"

"You....... what are you....... are you......?"

"The monsters at the gate are killing the people they're supposed to be killing anyway, it's just a matter of whether the immortals do it or the monsters do it."

You're dealing with groups, not people.

If the war ends unscathed, it will only serve to make the Demon King's forces more powerful.

Instead, we weaken it beforehand.

Whether later or now, Immortals will have to kill a lot of people.

"Ludwig. It would be better if we did this now, so that there is no war between the Immortals and the Allies later, and if the Immortals and the Allies fight, more people will die."

"That's sophistry, Christina, and it doesn't even make sense!"

If the gate incident ends with the Alliance still intact, and Immortal stabs the Demon Army into the Alliance, the secondary battle will cause even more damage.

"If we reduce our numbers ahead of time, the Allies will surrender in front of Immortal, because they'll know they're no match. Think about it, Ludwig, this is the way to save lives."

It tolerates death now to avoid killing more later.

If the secondary battle between the Allies and the Immortals ends with the Allies being wiped out, then the war will end with more people dying.

However, if the Allies have lost a significant amount of power in the Gate War, they may choose to surrender unconditionally in front of the Immortals, regardless of whether they sided with the Demon King or not. This would actually result in fewer people dying.

If things go the way she says, she'll be right.

"I'm not going to wait for everyone to die, and the Immortals aren't going to stay off the battlefield for long."

"......what?"

"They're hiding somewhere, watching the situation, disguised as something. The ones we need to kill are supposed to come out one by one when they think the Alliance is going to be wiped out."

"Now....... and wait for that?"

"Of course."

Someone has to fill the void of power that Immortal's absence has weakened.

So wherever you are, if you're watching, the Demon King's army is there.

Individual or collective, in any way.

"When they show up, we'll send in the Immortals again, and they'll kill them along with the monsters."

"......."

"Don't worry. The sooner the demon appears, the sooner the Immortals will be reintroduced to the battlefield."

When the Demon shows up to support the Allies, Immortal goes to the battlefield to kill the Demon.

He wants to capitalize on that desire for humanity to survive.

Ludwig thinks the devil is to blame for this.

But is it worth it?

"This shit is not....... This is not revenge....... No, no, no! People are dying because of us, not the devil, and then we're the ones who really need to be killed, not the devil or the emperor! Why do people have to die? Why do people have to be sacrificed for your wishes? That's not what we've been doing, that's not what we made Immortals for!"

Ludwig could not help but shout with evil at the idea of summoning a demon with the blood of the innocent, who were so thirsty for revenge that they would spill their own blood.

"What are you talking about, Ludwig......?"

At Ludwig's question, Christina shakes her head in disbelief.

"When have I ever said that I do this for people....... Not once, but......?"

"......what?"

"You said, too, that you don't do this for the people, that you want to make the people who should pay the price pay the price......?"

Apparently, Ludwig said so, too.

"I just, I want revenge."

She never once said she wanted to speak for the victims, to speak for their injustices.

It's just getting back at the world.

It's just an outlet for anger.

For someone.

I never said I was doing this for some grand, happy ending.

When I created Immortals, I wanted to end the Gate crisis and use its power to get revenge.

I just wanted to make sure that everyone who did this paid for it.

She never said she created Immortal for the underdog, or to speak for the underdog.

"Are you sure you weren't mistaken?"

"......."

"Ludwig, what you're trying to do. Trying to kill the Devil, making people pay for these things, did you ever say that it had nothing to do with justice or anything like that....... Is that what you were thinking in your heart......?"

It's a decision that has nothing to do with judgment of good or evil.

If that's how you started, why are you now invoking some sort of justice that the weak shouldn't be victimized?

"If you were under any illusions that this was some kind of good or just cause, Ludwig....... you are still....... still......."

Christina smiles a horrible smile.

"You're still a fucking retarded asshole."

He said.

It was revenge in the first place.

You said you wanted revenge, you said you wanted to get even.

I don't want to do anything too terrible at this point.

It's ridiculous to say that we have to toe the line.

Ludwig's eyes widen at Christina's words, and he stares into her dark eyes, which have become the abyss itself.

"Okay, maybe you're right....... But....... Yeah, if this is revenge, if you have to do this shit to get it....... If you're going to make them pay, and we're going to be the ones who have to pay............."

Ludwig thuds a left hand into Christina's body.

"I'm not going to, like, get revenge or anything."

She had become a monster, something she couldn't understand and couldn't accept.

It's become something that shouldn't be in the world.

But we can't kill her either.

"Let me go. Just me."

Christina's eyes widened at Ludwig's cold declaration.

"...... Are you serious?"

On some level, she knew that was coming.

"Uh."

"......."

"Whatever you do, I can't stop you, and you won't listen to me, so there's only one thing I can do."

Ludwig knew he couldn't convince Christina.

Both, in their own way, went crazy.

That's why it's impossible to convince them.

I also know that killing her will cause even more chaos.

So I'd rather part ways.

You need to get out as soon as possible.

So that we can fight a little faster on behalf of the people who will die because of her decisions.

Christina decided to let people die.

Ludwig isn't quite that crazy yet.

"Send it to me."

On a battlefield without immortals, you are very likely to die.

Christina stares at Ludwig, who tells her to leave him alone, as if that's a good thing.

Just as Ludwig can't convince Christina, the opposite is also true.

I will say no more about your affairs, and I cannot break Ludwig's will to send you to the limbs.

"......Okay."

At Christina's command, the mages of Immortal begin casting.

"Don't die until your immortal returns."

Ludwig thought Christina's words sounded funny.

Is someone still valuable?

Even when it looks like this.

Even while doing this.

Is it possible to say that you don't want someone to die?

That's insanity, and also.

Maybe it's just the nature of being a horribly selfish human being.

"Christina."

Just before the teleport is about to finish casting, Ludwig looks at Christina and says, "I'm sorry.

"In the end, the one we picked was also a wrong answer, the most horrible wrong answer."

I couldn't find a correct answer.

I realized that the right answer was each person's own wrong answer, created by their own minds.

So, in the midst of all the choices I've been faced with.

Ludwig is not sure about himself and Christina.

They were forced to admit that they were wrong, just as the rest of the world was wrong.

Everyone picked the wrong answer.

The people who picked the wrong answer are arguing about how close their answer was to the correct one.

That's what's happening now.

In Ludwig's words of self-help and contempt.

"Still, this wrong answer makes me feel good inside."

Rather than insisting that her incorrect answer is the correct one, Christina replies that she just wants to make it all go away.

-Flash!

Soon, Ludwig disappeared in a flash of light.

Without immortals, alone.

Ludwig will not die easily.

I gave you this arm so you wouldn't die so easily.

Just wait.

On the battlefield, until the ones you need to kill show up.

The Immortal will then return to the battlefield and begin hunting.

In addition to hunting monsters, they also hunt demons and heroes.

If you feel bad about people dying, you just need to show up.

While Christina is silent, waiting for the situation she wants.

Ludwig is gone, and Anna and Louis are asleep in a silent but immortalized underground lab.

-Jerbuck

-Jerbuck

Soon, somewhere, you begin to hear quiet footsteps.

-Thump!

-Woof!

Then you start to hear the sound of a bulkhead breaking down in a lab that is supposed to be closed.

Christina's expression hardened.

The lab is closed.

After the development of the Immortal was complete, no one was allowed to enter. All imperial wizards had been driven out, and Immortal troops guarded the labs to ensure that no one else could enter.

The sounds you're hearing right now are, in and of themselves, indicative of an immortal army being neutralized.

"......."

Christina stares at the entrance to the underground lab.

Someone is coming.

While neutralizing the Immortal, break down the barrier enough to gain access.

Very powerful.

What is.

-Kwaggagang!

With a loud bang, the entrance to a closed underground research wing shatters, revealing a figure.

Christina looks up from the rising dust to see who it is.

It was a familiar face.

And he's not on the Allied battlefield right now.

"......Saviolin Tana."

Christina looked at Tana, who had appeared alone, and muttered the name.

Even with the title of World's Strongest Swordsman, she was unable to participate in the Great Demon War.

And even now, she couldn't go into the final fight with the title of World's Strongest Prosecutor.

She suddenly realized.

Perhaps this is my fate or curse.

You can't fight where everyone remembers.

You can't take the crown.

It may be the fate of Savior Tana, the First Sword of the Continent.

From the greatest seat of honor in the Demon War.

Even in the final fight to end the gate crisis.

There was no place for her.

The emperor sent his sharpest sword here.

A cursed genius, doomed to fight where glory resides.

Saviolin Tana holds still and closes her eyes.

"This is......."

In a place no one in the world will ever remember.

In a darkened basement, without glory or honor.

"My last battlefield."

She had to fight the hardest battle of all.





