Episode 659.





In the middle of the battlefield.

Olivia Ranze was also fighting in paladin's armor.

The earth was shaking from the vibration alone of thousands of meteorites raining down from the torn sky.

Then, Olivia could clearly see the huge flames and flashes of light that engulfed the waves of monsters.

"Reinhardt......."

The Immortals are gone, and the demonic forces have moved in.

The armies of the devil, everyone knows that the tip of the spear is pointed at monsters, not humanity.

Is this the end of the misunderstanding?

But isn't that just covering up a misunderstanding with a misunderstanding?

Cover up the misconception that the devil wanted to wipe out humanity with the misconception that the emperor abandoned humanity.

I'm sure Reinhardt didn't mean to, but that's how things were going.

But covering up misunderstandings with misunderstandings is only after the allies have survived.

Destroy all warp gates and everyone survives unharmed.

No truths, no misconceptions, can be brought back to humanity by the defeated Allies.

For now, we need to survive.

So Reinhardt took off his mask and revealed himself as the devil.

Demonstrate the magic that kills monsters.

To support a coalition that is about to trip over its own feet and collapse.

You need to unmask.

Whatever it is, let it be strong.

Everyone should know that while there are no immortals, there are powerful allies who are unbowed by them.

Because.

-Pak!

Olivia also takes off her helmet.

As she untied her hair, Olivia's brilliant platinum locks fluttered in the battlefield breeze.

Even in the midst of such a devastating battlefield, some figures are bound to stand out, and Olivia Ranze was one of them.

Even before the Gate incident, Olivia Ranze had a great reputation as a Saint of Eredian.

She also fought in the Demon War, taking a rear-guard role, but her killing of so many demons earned her the uncharacteristic nickname of Reaper.

But even that fame pales in comparison to the notoriety she gained after Gate.

Traitor to humanity.

She became more famous as a wicked woman than a saint, and in every city where humanity still existed, there was a wanted list of traitors who had betrayed it.

Naturally, those with even a mildly hateful interest in the Devil must know the faces of the three traitors to humanity as well as the Devil himself.

Olivia Ranze.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

Liana De Granz.

One of those three, Olivia Ranze, has made an appearance.

-Olivia Ranze.......

-Saint of the Demon King!

Those of the soldiers on the battlefield who recognized her face could not help but be aghast, and those who did not could only look at her with the aghast of others.

Even the Crusaders are aghast that she was fighting alongside them on the battlefield in paladin's armor.

But it's in the middle of the battlefield.

I don't have time to share my feelings of shock and horror right now.

You have to fight.

The same goes for Olivia.

Kills a monster.

The empire created an army of warriors to kill the monster.

What you need now is power.

Power to kill monsters.

Whatever the source of that power is, it's probably good.

Power to kill enemies.

The power to put an end to it all.

People want it.

-Currrrrr!

The power that stretched from Olivia's hand was clearly not auspicious.

Not the white and golden power of a pure saint, but a dark, ethereal energy was radiating from Olivia's body.

Take a moment to marvel at the dark forces that make people seem so evil in their pretense.

-Kurrrrrr

The earth rumbles with the dark power, and something begins to emerge from the ground.

One by one, ominous beings rise from the ground, oozing with an aura of common corruption, unrecognizable as mere lesser undead.

An unfathomable number of Deathknights rise from the earth.

That wasn't all.

-Kaaaaaah!

Rising from the ground, the skeletons waved their hands in the air, and one by one they mounted the translucent horses of bony spirits.

The Death Knight begins to take the reins of the Ghost Horse.

And Olivia Ranze hops lightly onto the ghost horse.

A saint, turned evil, looks down on the terrified humans.

"Let's go."

-Chak!

With a frightening jerk of the reins, the ghost horse begins to glide, not run, toward the waves of monsters at breakneck speed.

Led by Olivia Ranze, countless Death Knights follow on ghostly steeds.

-Kaaaaaaaah!

The ghost horse's crooning overpowers the monsters' screams.

-Quadruple!

The army of ghost horses tramples the monsters roughly.

Like a ship sailing through a tidal wave.

Everyone watched in disbelief as the army of ghost horses roughly trampled the horde of monsters.

And as if that were a sign.

Several of the paladins moving around the battlefield suddenly start to join you on their ghostly steeds.

"This....... What the hell......."

Olivia Lanze, who disappeared as a saint, now wields the power of darkness and corruption, just as her alter ego did.

On top of that, several of the Crusaders' paladins use corruptive powers that they are supposed to reject.

The Demon's forces were inside the Crusaders.

It's clear they're using their damned power.

But.

-Grrrrrr!

-keeeeeeeeeeee!

It was also clear that they were attacking monsters, not humanity.



* * *



Everyone is in their place, doing their job.

We're doing the best we can to fill the void left by Immortal.

Everyone's strength is different, and we can't all fight from the same place.

Reinhardt's place.

Riana's place.

Olivia's place.

And road vampires and their minions have their place.

Of course, there's a place for Herriot.

The Lord Vampires are summoning meteors to drive the monsters away.

Reinhardt, Olivia, and the rest of the Allies were in the vanguard, forcing themselves to show up to keep morale up.

With the Immortal gone, Herriot stood by Riana's side as she focused her mind to summon a greater power.

Herriot seemed to understand why Immortal was pulled.

You probably knew this was going to happen.

It's not a hard thing to think about, but I never thought I'd do it.

I can't believe you hate me this much.

Why do I hate it so much.

After all, you know that he's going to do this to save everyone, but taking advantage of it would imply that you know what he's thinking.

Why this is necessary, he doesn't know.

I can't even understand it.

But now is not the time for anger, panic, or tears of frustration.

Everyone knows that rather than discussing the injustice and irrationality of this situation, they should be supporting the coalition that is about to collapse.

So even though I know I'm falling into a trap, I try to do the best I can.

"......."

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

The magical genius, who is said to be the most talented person in history, has already performed numerous miracles.

But the miracles had little to do with war.

Now, we need the genius of Herriot de Saint-Etienne.

Just this once.

You have to be a genius at disruption.

Herriot stays still and pulls out the earring she'd been holding.

A small, pair of earrings.

'I heard the Tranquility spell is an artifact with a permanent imprint. I don't need it, and Ellen doesn't need it, so you do. Don't you think it'll make it easier to cast if you can stay calm?

Earrings enchanted to stabilize the mental line.

Reinhard and Ellen's treasure from the Darklands.

There he sees Reinhard and Ellen, who have created a secret that he can't be a part of, and it was given to him by Reinhard as an apology to a depressed Harriet.

No, I meant to give this to Harriet in the first place as an apology.

While they're certainly valuable, the earrings may not mean much to Harriet anymore.

In practice, this doesn't mean much.

Even without the earrings, Herriot is now able to stay calm in the middle of battle.

So I carried the earrings with me, but didn't wear them.

I felt that relying on artifacts to create magic to keep me calm was a far cry from how I wanted to be strong.

But now is the time to borrow the power of anything.

You never know how much a pair of these little earrings will help, but they mean a lot.

This is a Herriot treasure.

It's something your loved one saved with a dear friend.

Herriot stood still and placed the pair of earrings in her ears.

The calming effect of the earrings glowing a faint green is minimal.

But it's not the magic of the earrings that puts her mind at ease, it's the meaning behind them.

Do it.

Whatever it is.

Reinhardt fighting in the front.

And then there's Ellen, fighting from beyond.

And everyone on this battlefield.

With a loved one.

A dear friend.

And for everyone.

Not because they were the last of their kind.

To make sure they reach the right ending.

Whatever it is, it has to be successful.

You don't put your heart into things, but you believe they do.

'The second one is fine, no, the third one is fine, the last one is fine.......'

It's not magic that helps her, but her mind, which knows the meaning behind the earrings.

'But, hey, it's nice.......'

Herriot's calm eyes are no longer filled with confusion and sadness.

I don't have any emotions to devote to anger, bitterness, or pettiness.

In a time when surviving is not enough.

In that final fight.

Just wanting everyone to be happy is a luxury.

Let's just survive.

It's time to get to the end of it all.

So my seat, if you will, is a little farther away.

If you can survive.

If you can get to the ending.

That's probably a good thing.

-OffOffOffOff!

Somewhere on a battlefield filled with the screams of flying monsters.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen takes a deep breath.

"Hoooooo......."

Blue energy lines appear all over Herriot's body.

On Herriot's earrings.

And the power cartridge around his neck glows.

Using your flesh as a magic scroll, you can instantiate magic by simply infusing it with energy.

Herriot envisioned this as a freshman in Temple Royal's class, and he made it happen.

He developed a power cartridge that allows you to harness horsepower outside of your body like you would inside of it.

Time has passed.

Herriot didn't live for battles and fights, saving his magic primarily for assisting Reinhardt.

And while Herriot has been a force to be reckoned with in this battle, he's never been the center of attention.

But just because I wasn't in the thick of the fight doesn't mean I wasn't thinking about it.

I didn't fall asleep every night scribbling away next to a sleeping Reinhardt for nothing.

Magic that benefits people.

The magic of caring for the wounded.

The magic of creating a new warp gate.

How could there not be magic in the destruction?

In the end, it was all about fighting and strength.

How could I not have envisioned such magic?

Now we need to show it.

I've never done it before.

I didn't even think it was possible.

which had never been successful.

The magic that only exists in your imagination.

Now, we need to bring it to life.

What you could accomplish if your talents were used to destroy, not create.

It's time to show, not tell.

Soon, the blue energy lines on Herriot's body begin to fall away from his skin.

The energy lines that were imprinted on your flesh leave your body.

Blue energy lines of the air type float through the air like a thread.

"Herriot......?"

Riana stares blankly at Harriet as she does something.

"......."

Eyes narrowed, Herriot bites his lip as if concentrating on something.

I didn't realize how focused I was, or that my bitten lip was torn and bleeding.

A spell that magically scrolls flesh.

Only Herriot de Saint-Etienne could do that.

But those power lines are now out of the body.

A power cartridge that allows you to use magic outside your body as if it were inside.

The whole principle of the power cartridge is in Herriot's head.

But even with the horsepower of the bundle of modified power cartridges hanging around Herriot's neck, it's not enough to create the magic he wants to create.

No amount of magical powers can create the magic that Herriot envisions.

What is magic.

Herriot thought long and hard.

Magic is still the domain of geniuses.

But in the distant past.

There was a time when magic was untouchable, even for the greatest of geniuses.

There is no way to use the magic in your body.

You have no training methods to build up magic in your body.

Magic, when you have to control an external source of mana to use it.

There were only a handful of wizards in the world, and they could be counted on one hand.

Even then, those few wizards could only perform small miracles with their genius.

In the distant and ancient past, magic was like that.

"What do you think?

'Is this....... You can.......'

"That's all I can do.

Gazoo of Tuesday.

Eleris had some idea of how to use her natural mana.

When asked if nature's mana could be used like my own, Eleris performed a small miracle.

It's easy for modern wizards, but it was an ancient method of magic.

He could summon flames, lights, and, although it took a while, fireballs.

"Can I do that?

It was barely possible, even for beings who had lived hundreds of times longer than he had.

To the Ancient One, the young wizard's words must have seemed like a slap in the face.

I could have been accused of dreaming of such a thing after only living for twenty years.

But Eleris knew the desire behind Herriot's question.

'Sure, Harriet. I'm sure you'll do much better than me.'

That's why the head of the household didn't laugh at Herriot. She taught him everything she knew.

Reinhardt always felt bad that he hadn't been able to provide a good environment for Herriot.

But that was an illusion of ignorance.

Herriot had an environment like no other on the continent.

The five Lord Vampires, who had existed for immeasurably long periods of time, were together.

They are not simply called archmages.

Beyond their magical capacities and skills, they were like beings with countless magical and arcane arts in their minds, accumulated over time.

I was in the company of great wizards who could actually use those tricks, not just know them.

Anytime I had a question, I could just say the word to them and they would impart a wealth of knowledge to me that I didn't even know existed.

Having lived for so long, their magical accomplishments have virtually come to a standstill.

They've reached their limits.

But none of them hesitated to pass on what they knew to the eager-to-please Herriot.

Every road vampire wanted to know how far a man whose talents were unparalleled in history could go.

Thus, since coming to Edina, Herriot has been a disciple of the Five Lord Vampires.

Most mages don't even have a single archmage as a mentor.

But Herriot has had five Lord Vampires as his teachers, and they've been around longer than even the Archmage.

Sometimes to Elise.

Sometimes to Lucinil.

Sometimes to Lerouen.

Sometimes to Galarsh.

Sometimes to Antirrhinus.

We've been given so much knowledge and so much inspiration.

So Herriot wasn't in a bad environment, he was in the best environment.

The greatest geniuses in history have been studying magic in an environment that has never existed before.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen has had moments that have pushed her talents to the limit.

And now the fruits of that labor.

Tons of knowledge and wisdom.

How that vast body of wisdom, accumulated since ancient times, could be realized in the hands of a mage barely twenty years old.

It's time to show the world.

Herriot has created a system that allows him to use magic in a near-improvisational way, with magical scrolls that construct his physical body in real time.

Herriot created a power cartridge that allows you to use mana outside of your body as if it were inside.

And Herriot has been studying ancient magic. He's been trying to figure out how to use nature's mana.

In fact, Herriot once created an impromptu magic circle and used natural mana to summon a lightning bolt when he was mana depleted.

Herriot had already realized a similar principle, drawing magic circles on his body to perform magic at high speeds.

However, once the magic in the vessel named Flesh is depleted, the magic in the other vessel named Power Cartridge is depleted, and you can no longer perform magic.

So, we need an infinite number of new bowls.

Use a bowl named Nature.

If you use a near-infinite bowl to perform your magic, you can use near-infinite, limitless magic.

But using a vessel that transcends the physical is no easy task.

"How is that different from Akasha?

'Yes......?

When Antony heard Herriot's idea, he smiled a meaningful smile and said, "You're right.

"If there's a magic that can hold all the magic, and a magic that can make all the magic happen, aren't they essentially the same thing?

Herriot realized the enormity of his dream when Antony said that.

But the old monster didn't say that in the sense of don't even think about it.

"Akasha was nothing more than a magic tool, so why couldn't magic fulfill the scribe's vision?

There's plenty of potential, he said.

"Akasha was a magical tool for recording and reproducing reason.

'So....... I heard.'

"So who's to say we can't create the magic that is the source of all reason?

In the end, Herriot's dream was more ambitious than he could have imagined.

The principle is different, but the end goal is to create magic similar to Akasha.

But it doesn't have to be exactly like Akasha.

You don't need to reproduce everything.

Implementing it is magic, and that's all it takes.

So there's only one magic trick to dream up.

"Everything.

Or, more accurately, "the magical source that can be anything.

Like Akasha does.

Just as Akasha, used for destruction, creates anything and vomits it out into the world.

If you can create magic that can implement any magic, you can create all the magic in the world.

All the magic seeds, so to speak.

The underlying magic of everything that depends on how you germinate that seed.

Akasha was the tool that kept track of it all.

Herriot has no intention of creating Akasha, nor does he think it's possible for him.

You don't have to write it all down and know it all.

You don't even have to create anything.

Create an Akasha that can only implement magic.

The absolute principle that makes all the sense.

If you have that one thing, you can make all the magic happen.

Bringing everything in the world together and making it one.

That's Akasha.

If yes.

The one that can be everything.

That's not Akasha either.

If the method is different but the result is the same.

albeit on a smaller scale.

I guess you could call that Akasha, too.

Akasha became a world.

But Herriot can't dream of anything like that.

In order to create a myriad of them, you need a lot of horsepower.

So.

Natural Mana.

You need to draw on the magic of the world.

That's not possible.

There aren't even people who want to try.

But apparently, there was someone out there who said that such a ridiculous thing was possible.

I thought, why not?

You can do it, can't you?

"You say no without even trying?

'You think people don't use it because they're stupid? The modern theory of magic is that people smarter and better than you used chi to create it.......'

"What if they're all stupid?

"......?

At the time, I thought he was just saying it to torment himself.

But it wasn't.

He meant it.

"What if they're all dumber than you, and that's why they created the magic theory you have now?

'What, what....... What the hell are you talking about?

"It's possible that every wizard in history is dumber than you.

He spoke so confidently, so unapologetically, at a time when Herriot was not even in the top echelon of archmages.

'Are you....... Are you serious?

"Yeah, I mean it.

I confidently said things that no one would believe.

'You....... How much of a genius do you think I am? On what, exactly, do you base your.......'

'You're going to be the greatest wizard the continent, nay, the race, has ever seen. You know what I can do.'

'Uh, yeah.......'

The ability to believe in yourself and make it happen.

It's a strange power, but it's the one that got him here in the first place.

"I believe that.

To that power, he said, he certainly believes so.

Reinhardt, obviously, had no doubts.

Herriot doesn't believe that every wizard in the world, or even every wizard in history, is dumber than he is.

But there are those who believe otherwise.

Someone who believed that, told you that you could do it.

So on that belief.

In that absurd belief.

You have to answer.

Although I don't think so.

If you think so.

Let's believe for a moment that I am.

Let's hope I am.

Yes.

It's the best in history.

Unprecedented.

I'll show you what the world's most powerful wizard is.

with infinite mana.

Let's become an infinite wizard.

-Currrrr!

Herriot's hair whips around, and the bundle of power cartridges around his neck jiggles.

Use your own magic and the magic in your power cartridge as ingredients.

A spark, so to speak.

It is up to Herriot to create the embers to start the great fire.

Blue energy lines leap into the air from Herriot's body and take shape.

Soon enough, Herriot and the other mages in the distance couldn't help but notice the blue energy lines that poured from her body.

-Currrrrr!

No one knows what's going on, except for Herriot himself.

Blue threads emanating from Herriot's body begin to take shape in the air.

No one had ever seen it before, and no one had ever tried it, but the wizards had to know what it was.

A line drawn in thin air.

Shapes.

Symbol.

Characters.

The interconnection of them.

-Magazine......?

-That's....... A magic circle?

Most magic circles take the form of a flat surface. But now, Herriot draws a magic circle in thin air, a shape that has never existed before.

Geometry in three dimensions.

And beyond that.

In order to detect and absorb real-time changes in the flow of mana, the form of the magic circle that absorbs natural mana must also change in real-time.

A four-dimensional magic circle is drawn out of thin air, not in a fixed form, but in real time, with its shape changing according to the situation.

No, it's embroidered.

-Currrrr!

Rays of energy from Herriot's entire body shoot up into the air and form a giant sphere.

It was as if a giant star had been created by magic.

Riana was right beside her, eyes wide, watching the strange changes that came with the storm of magic.

When that storm was over.

All the mages nearby could see something materialized in the sky.

A blue, glowing sphere of magic. No, a magical star.

The source of all things magical.

That's why it makes sense in the world.





Samra's universe.





