Episode 661.





Just as a desperate battle was raging in Diane, a desperate battle was raging in the basement of Temple College of Magic.

It's just that there's no one to remember the fight.

It's definitely an uphill battle.

But it wasn't Saviolin Tana who was heartbroken.

"......."

Saviolin Tana watched helplessly as the Immortal Swordsman was impaled by an Auror's spear and exploded.

She hadn't moved a step since the battle began.

Every approaching immortal was being intercepted.

"This....... monster......."

Christina muttered through clenched teeth.

It's clearly human.

They're not immortals that have been resurrected and made more powerful, they just have a human body.

But Saviolin Tana was in the same position as the first time, unwavering, fending off all of Immortal's attacks.

Heck, I haven't even drawn my black yet.

Even the most elite of Immortals, those who had risen to the rank of Grandmaster, could not get Savior Tana to draw her sword.

Even so, it's a battle of thousands against one.

Even if you can't attack thousands at once because of the confined space, is this possible?

At least Ellen Artorius has the power of a holy relic.

However, Saviolin Tana had none of that, and was completely shutting down Immortal's offense.

If anything, this is a more ridiculous monster.

Though she has been labeled the strongest woman on the continent, Saviolin Tana's stature pales in comparison.

Before the Demon War, there was Squadron Shanafel and her mentor, Larken Simonstein.

Before and during the Demon War, there was a warrior, Lagan Artorius.

Now, after the Demon War, we have Ellen Artorius.

She was always talked about ahead of her.

For a short time after their disappearance, they were known as the continent's strongest.

That's why some say that Saviolin Tana was the strongest player in the world before the next strongest player came along.

But that's a different story.

She's always been the second choice, but that doesn't mean she's really the second choice.

Strength is not about what the world thinks of you.

Power is power.

Only those who have seen and experienced it know how powerful it is.

Ellen Artorius is powerful, but it's Xavier Tana who has risen to that level without a holy object.

The strength she has built over the years has earned her that position.

But the Great One is standing in his way.

It was a shield that would shatter a spear if you tried to pierce it.

If you extend the fight, the lab will be destroyed, and the Immortal will not be able to regenerate. You'll be doing your opponent a favor.

Trying to launch a massive offensive to kill Saviolin Tana and having the entire lab destroyed.

Saviolin Tana would want that.

'Wait.......'

But when she got that far, she was overtaken by a sense of wonder.

Just as Christina withdrew Immortal, predicting the self-destruction of the Allied and Demon armies, so does Saviolin Tana.

You want your entire lab to collapse in an all-out assault to break an unbreakable shield.

'No....... That's not it either.'

It should be obvious that she wouldn't make that choice.

Blowing up the entire lab to kill one Saviolin Tana is a choice she has no reason to make.

Saviolin Tana hasn't moved an inch since the battle began.

She thought it was a way to show off a bit of slack.

It felt like a show of strength that I could block all of Immortal's attacks without moving.

No.

It's not about showing off, it's about having no intention of actively attacking immortals.

In fact, while Saviolin Tana continues to neutralize Immortals, she hasn't done anything about the ones she can't reach, let alone Christina.

In fact, all of the Institute's Immortals are within range of that spear.

She won't attack at all unless you get within about thirty meters of her, and then she won't move.

It appears to be on the defensive, gauging the distance, but does not intentionally attack Immortals.

It's simple.

If you start attacking everything in sight, the Immortals will go on the offensive.

Saviolin Tana knows that taking on the entirety of the Immortals is beyond her.

So we're only dealing with confrontation and the upcoming immortal.

One reason.

"Did you turn off the time....... off?"

We know what she's going to do when she reinserts the emoji.

This is to prevent Immortals from being reintroduced to hunt down demons and their forces.

As such, Savior Tana does not actively attack.

To maintain the confrontation, to keep the situation where Christina has the Immortal tied to this spot and neither she nor I can choose.

Saviolin Tana didn't come to wipe out the Immortals in the first place.

I'm not here to kill Christina.

It's just here to keep the immortals tied down.

To prevent the immortal from returning to Diane.

"Ha, ha, ha....... Hahaha....... The thought of doing that....... Was that it......?"

"......."

"You guys are no different than me, huh?"

If Immortal doesn't return, Allied casualties will be higher.

If Immortal dies, the Emperor will die, but he's just as determined as Savior Tana and the Emperor to allow others to die because he doesn't want the Emperor to die.

When Christina sneers that you're not like me, Savior Tana remains silent.

"That's the way it's supposed to be."

"......what?"

Saviolin Tana looks at the alchemist, who has been driven mad by the madness and despair of war, with a stony expression, and Nazik says.

"Killing the people of the empire in the name of protecting it."

"Protecting people, killing the same people, just in a different guise."

"All you do in the name of serving and protecting something is kill and destroy."

"In the name of serving everyone, you end up serving no one."

"Forgetting all about the original purpose and intent, and going all the way to the end, even though you know it's not the way to go anymore."

"That's the way it is."

Saviolin Tana walked that path.

I've lived with the sword of the Empire for a long time, killing anything and everything.

Killed more humans than demons.

I'm not sure if I really saved anything with that action. Maybe it had to be killed, maybe it didn't have to be killed.

It's just, it's done a lot of killing.

"So as far as this gate thing goes, it's been a difficult but clean fight."

"Monsters are evil."

"There is no room for dialog."

"So killing was the only good."

When you're fighting a non-negotiable, non-compromising enemy, there's no reason to think about it. The Gate situation was therefore a war in which there was no reason to think about killing, apart from the difficulties of the war itself.

But that's not where Saviolin Tana ended up, not in a place of absolute goodness.

You're in a place where you relate to people, not monsters.

Whether it's an act of defending something.

Without knowing if you're breaking something.

You are here to fulfill the command.

"Yes, that's the way it is. When you protect something, you end up losing the very thing you're protecting."

command and at the end of the command.

After all, Saviolin Tana is no longer here to defend the empire.

It stands here as the last sword in a falling empire.

"Just like now, when you promised to bring your dead friend back to life, you ended up sending others to their deaths."

"......."

At Saviolin Tana's point, Christina bites her lip and glares at her.

I wanted to bring my dead friend back to life.

But what I learned along the way was that my anger should be directed at everyone.

I dreamed of revenge.

But when she withdrew Immortal, she put all her remaining friends in the Alliance in a precarious position.

Christina's actions could lead to the deaths of countless people, as well as the deaths of her friends.

Of course, she doesn't know that.

Saviolin Tana is merely stating what Christina already knows.

"Christina."

"......."

"Still, do you want to bring your dead friend back to life?"

I thought there was a way to save it.

Immortals are half-resurrections.

If you can find a way to make it a little more whole, a little more complete.

I thought I was within reach of a true resurrection.

Does that change now?

"I can do it."

We just haven't figured it out yet, but it's possible.

She thinks so.

There must be a way.

I don't think it's impossible.

But Christina understands what Saviolin Tana is saying.

I didn't ask if it could be saved.

It asked me if I wanted to save it.

"But I don't think you're entitled to that anymore."

I'm sure there's a way, but I don't think I deserve to save Ashur.

There's no reason or entitlement to find a way to bring your dead friends back to life when you've killed so many of them in your quest for revenge.

Trying to regain what was lost on a topic that even those who remained threw into the fire is laughable.

It is.

Things like original intentions or thoughts.

The trigger was.

Eventually, it becomes pointless.

The port containing Asher's body is located in the lab, but Christina hasn't been going there for some time.

I have a lot of work to do.

Thinking it was something to do after everything was done.

In the end, what I had originally set out to do, what I had originally dreamed of doing, was no more.

"By the way, do you think I didn't know I was going to end up being an asshole?"

What Saviolin Tana says, Christina knows.

Didn't know.

That it would all work out like this, that eventually I'd be able to put things like saving Ashur out of my head.

I knew that as long as I chose to seek revenge, as long as I chose the world as my target, this is how it would all play out.

She has the most powerful army at her disposal, but she'll have to deal with some of her biggest enemies.

Empire.

Demon.

Warriors.

They are, in a sense, more dangerous and formidable enemies than the Gate incident itself.

It can't be easy, because you're trying to get revenge against the whole world. Therefore, such extreme measures were necessary, and the opponent is also responding to such extreme measures.

The gate debacle is safely over.

The empire is gone.

A demon reigns over the world.

That's the conspiracy of the world.

The same people who are using lies and deception to cover up the truth about Gate are trying to cover up the world with lies and deception again.

You don't need to overthink it.

She will kill all those who tie that knot of lies and deceit.

Not for anyone else.

All that talk about doing it for someone, doing it for a friend, etc. has become meaningless.

The smallest unit, after all.

For myself.

I will have my revenge.

May there be doom for all.

"You want to stall."

With limited space and difficulty attacking, Xaviorin Tana can survive. Eventually, she will run out of health, but her job is to keep the Immortal from returning.

However, there is a major flaw in Saviolin Tana's behavior.

"By the way, what if we do this......?"

At Christina's signal, the Immortals surrounding Savior Tana begin to retreat, one by one.

Rather, it paves the way.

"......."

Saviolin Tana watched the scene with a stony expression.

As if to keep an eye on the situation, the blades of the Auror's spears are scattered around.

But the immortals were no longer overrunning and attacking.

-Flash!

Rather, they disappear one by one.

As Saviolin Tana watches the scene with a stony expression, Christina begins to laugh.

With a flash, the immortal disappears into thin air.

Clearly, Immortal is heading back to the battlefield.

We will return to the battlefield to hunt down the monsters, while also hunting down the demonic forces if they have made themselves known.

Saviolin Tana could only watch.

There's nothing she can do to stop it.

"Why should I deal with you?"

In no time at all, all the Immortal troops were gone, and the lab was once again deserted.

If Saviolin Tana lunges at her, Christina can't do anything about it.

"Look."

But we don't need an army to protect her.

"You can't kill me without an immortal anyway, can you?"

If you kill Christina, the Immortal goes on a rampage.

They will not only hunt demons and monsters, but will attack allied forces indiscriminately.

But Christina couldn't help but feel uncomfortable with the look on Saviolin Tana's face.

I wasn't panicked or surprised.

She walks slowly toward Christina.

With no one to protect her.

-jerky

Slowly.

Christina's eyes widen as she sees Tana, the viola, approaching with certainty.

She's just walking along, not saying anything.

"No, no, no......."

Fumbling, Christina slowly backed away. She couldn't read any intent in Savior Tana's expression.

"If you kill me....... what happens. You know that, right?"

Understandably, this is intimidating.

You know their intentions and what they want, so you know what to choose.

She believes he would never kill her because he would be trying to protect his people.

But as Tana approached with a determined look on her face, a million possibilities flashed through Christina's mind.

Some people have gone crazy.

Is there any law that says you can't do that, Saviolin Tana?

Isn't it possible that she's so tired of the hatred and malice that she's just going to twist her throat?

Eventually, she backed away, leaving Christina stunned on the spot.

She doesn't know about fighting.

I sent all of my immortals away.

You've never gone anywhere and gotten a slap in the face.

He spoke as he pleased in front of a being with the stature of a grandmaster.

"Oh, don't come back......."

Christina, who hasn't been exposed to the slightest bit of violence, looks over at Saviolin Tana, who hasn't been exposed to the slightest bit of violence and is terrified.

It's not a sneer, it's not a scorn.

Gritting her teeth, Saviolin Tana's eyes were filled with sadness.

"Like you....... How can someone like you....... A child like you......."

"......."

"Did it have to be like this......."

He shouts confidently from afar, but cowers in fear at the mere proximity of a being that could kill him.

You start to shake because you think you might die.

Poor, shabby creature, to be so small in the face of death. Dreamed of revenge too great.

Savior Tana can't help but feel incredibly sad at the insignificance of Christina looking up at her, frozen and terrified.

Nor is it the villain of the century.

Nor is it an immortal absolute.

Just a little bit of brains.

One alchemist.

Saviolin Tana, suppressing her grief, brings her hand to Christina's throat.

But before I could grab it, Christina slipped her hand into my arm.

"I told you not to come!"

In Christina's hand, she held a teleportation scroll.

-Flash!

With a flash of light, Christina, Anna, and Louis Ankton were gone.

Christina may be small and insignificant, but her life is not insignificant.

She knows better than anyone what will happen when she dies.

They acted like they were willing to die if you tried to kill them, but when death was right in front of them, they ran away.

Tana stares around the lab, where she's suddenly the only one left.

Christina ran away.

But Saviolin Tana was curious.

Was Christina running away because she was afraid of death, or was she running away because of what would happen if she died?

What's done is done.

That's not what Tana is for.

Saviolin Tana's goal was never to kill Christina in the first place.

Rather, it was meant to protect.

She just misunderstood and ran away.

A blue veil unfurls from Savior Tana's body.

Then, Savior Tana pulls something out of her arms.

Signalized artifacts.

Saviolin Tana presses it.

I didn't turn off the time.

In fact, I even knew it was coming.

I knew that if I pretended to stall, Christina would send Immortal back into battle.

Not to defend the devil.

I left the fight between the Immortal and the Demon to them, and came to bring the Immortal back to the battlefield.

And, when it's confirmed that the Immortal has returned to the battlefield.

To blow up this lab that regenerates immortals.

That's what Saviolin Tana came for.

-Dalcock

Saviolin Tana pressed the button.

There was an explosion.





