Episode 662.





Outside the ecliptic.

-Flash!

"@Andrea_McGee....... 허억......."

At one change, Christina arrived via mass teleportation scroll, and broke out in a cold sweat.

I almost got killed.

Saviolin Tana tried to kill her, back and forth.

Christina sighed and swept her hand across her chest as she looked at Louis and Anna, still unconscious on the ground.

"Crazy......."

He knew he was off his rocker, but he didn't think Saviolin Tana would do such a thing.

I'm not sure I could have handled it.

But Christina's expression hardened.

She has to give many instructions remotely and is connected to many facilities and immaterials for control.

Among them is the lack of response from the lab.

Saviolin Tana wasn't crazy.

The entire underground laboratory of the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry was blown up before he could disappear.

"How in the world did you get to...... in the first place?"

Christina muttered, frozen, dumbfounded.

Immortals are now unrecoverable once broken.

It was a facility that could not have been built without the tremendous support of the Empire in the first place.

The immortal is intact, but once the immortal is gone, it cannot be recovered.

Christina stared blankly at her two friends, stunned and unconscious.

Now we need to end with the remaining emoji.

No matter what.

How much time has passed.

"으......응......."

"ugh......."

Christina stared at her friends as they gradually regained consciousness.

"What is......? Where is......?"

She'd drugged them before the Diane fight started, knowing they'd resist what she was going to do in the first place.

But after falling asleep in the lab and suddenly waking up outdoors, it was natural to panic.

Where to start.

Christina bit her lip and watched them slowly rise to their feet.



* * *



-currrrrr

A blinding flash of light swept through, and all that remained was a giant pit.

The explosion was so massive that an entire research wing of the Temple College of Magic was blown away, and even the surrounding buildings collapsed in the aftermath.

In the middle of the pit, where everything above it seemed to have evaporated, there was a man.

Where Xavier and Tana had spread out the Auror field, the blast was unharmed, as if it hadn't even touched them.

'They buried explosives in the basement of the College of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

'Explosives....... You mean?

'When the Immortals return to the battlefield, detonate them. However, you must not kill those three.'

That was the emperor's orders.

"After this fight, there's no reason for Immortals to exist anyway.

Immortals are only needed for today.

So things like facilities to recover immortals are meaningless after today.

No, it's dangerous to go beyond the meaningless.

The problem with killing Christina is not the problem with blowing up the lab.

The explosives that Saviolin Tana buried as if they were intact would not have killed the Immortal, but would have been able to counteract the blast.

That's why I could only blow up the lab when all the immortals were gone.

'But....... If it's as His Majesty says, then Immortal is.......'

"They're going to kill Reinhardt.

I'm sure it will.

Immortals will go back to hunting monsters upon returning to the battlefield, but if Reinhardt and his forces appear on the battlefield, they'll try to fight them as well.

The emperor's answer to that concern was simple.

"That's for Reinhardt to figure out.

'......a.'

"Isn't our job done just by preventing destroyed immortals from being repaired?

Even if Saviolin Tana hadn't shown up in the first place, Christina would have sent Immortal back to the battlefield.

But if Savior Tana hadn't come, the Demon King and his allies would have to deal with a restored Immortal.

Immortals no longer respawn.

What happens behind the scenes is now up to the people on the battlefield.

Saviolin Tana is free to return to the battlefield and resume fighting.

The emperor gave no further orders.

Live your life.

He said.

That's why she doesn't head to the battlefield.

You didn't die in the last fight.

She heads off somewhere to do the last thing she needs to do.

Not something you do because someone told you to.

To do what you decide to do with your own will.



* * *



On the battlefield, there are a lot of unpredictable people.

But in this final battle, the Battle of Diane, such unexpected surprises were happening far too often.

The evaporation of the Immortal, which was supposed to slay the monsters in the vanguard, was the first.

The sudden appearance of a demon is the second.

The appearance of unknown magic is the third.

And the Titans, ahead of schedule, are fourth.

Fifth, the appearance of the courageous soldier, who performs great miracles of healing and death at the same time.

And sixth.

The missing Immortals suddenly began to return to the battlefield.

For some inexplicable reason, the immortal disappeared and returned.

Then they rejoin the battlefield and march on, slaying monsters.

Morale, which had been on the verge of collapse, slowly began to climb, and then skyrocketed the moment Immortal returned.

The inexorable march to Diane had begun.

After all, unless you're a soldier who can only see the monsters in front of you, or someone with a bird's eye view of the entire battlefield, you can't possibly know everything that's going on.

The march of the Immortals across the battlefield seems to be through waves of monsters.

Facts.

You couldn't tell by looking at them that they were chasing a demon that was cutting a path through them from beyond.

-Currrrr!

Immortals don't run through monsters to get to Diane.

He's on his way to kill the demon that's headed for Diane.

-Grrrrr!

But apparently even that path is covered in monsters, so they're definitely making their way through. It's just that their destination isn't the same as their actual destination.

The Demon plunges into the midst of the monsters, heading forward, forward, forward, and Immortal follows, slaying them, and the allied army advances toward the path Immortal has cleared.

Together, the demon and the warrior clear a path to Diane.

This is followed by an immortal.

And the Allies follow. That's how it looks to the uninformed.

For us, however, it's a different story.

The Devil wasn't breaking through monsters. He was running from the Immortals.



* * *



The return of Immortal was also witnessed in the presence of Herriot and Riana.

"Is Immortal....... back?"

Then I could see them all converging on the place where the demon was.

Immortals will certainly kill monsters, but they will also try to attack Riana and Heriot, as well as the demonic forces.

And the distance between Reinhardt and Herriot was too great to support.

Too far away.

Herriot was pushing back waves of monsters from all sides of the Alliance through a magic star.

Unable to help.

And more and more, the Immortals rush in to kill the Demon first.

Too many.

At that rate, even a Reinhardt would collapse.

It's too far away, and Reinhardt might be swept away if he unleashed his destructive magic.

But the immortal mages summoned across the battlefield have already begun bombarding Reinhardt with magic.

We don't care about immortals being swept together.

Chasers are a problem, but so are wizards.

Best.

What is the best thing to do in this situation.

Herriot looks up.

There's binge drinking, screaming, and screaming all around.

Overly blue skies.

Herriot's eyes widen.

"Riana! Rain!"

"Rain?"

"We need to make it rain!"

"Got it!"

Without further ado, Riana realizes that something unusual is going on and uses her ability without question.

We can't do much to help Reinhardt, who's too far away, but we can at least keep the wizards' magic from reaching him.

And Olivia Ranze, who is scattering healing light across the battlefield, is overly prominent.

Neither Reinhard nor Olivia will be able to escape the massive spell at this rate.

Blocking the wizards' view as much as possible will provide some safety for both of them.

-currrrr

One minute, the sky is clear, the next, dark clouds roll in with uncanny speed.

-Tuk, Tuduk

Soon.

One drop, two drops of rain.

-Shoot!

It starts to spill over into crazy epic proportions.

It's not magical, but it's the most effective way to block your view.

Let's hope this is enough to keep Reinhardt going for a while longer.

The problem is that Immortal's view is blocked, but everyone's view is also severely limited by the pouring rain.

There's no problem identifying the pia.

But now, we don't know what's going on in the heart of the battlefield.

While this might not look good for the Allies, the last thing they needed was for Reinhardt to die.

-Shoot!

-Kurrrrr

Torrential rain pours down, while simultaneously unleashing a barrage of Cipherun thunderbolts through the dark clouds, and meteorites still fall.

It was hell on earth.

It's like the end of the world has come.

But you can't stop it.

I can't even care about Reinhardt.

You've succeeded in casting a great spell, but it's one you're not familiar with.

That moment when you realize you need to do the best you can and refocus.

Over the horizon, near the edge of his vision, he saw something running toward him.

A helmeted soldier running toward the Allies, not in the direction of the monsters.

A chill runs down Harriet's spine.

Immortals don't just attack demons.

Instead, some of the Immortals, blinded and unable to locate the demon, begin to hunt down the visible demonic forces.

Naturally, that would include Harriet and Riana.

There's no such thing as a screaming bird.

With the Immortals distracted, the pressure on Reinhardt, who is being chased by the most Immortals, will be lessened.

"Liana......."

"I'm watching."

Apparently, Riana was watching the lunge of one of the Immortals.

-Flash!

Dozens of lightning bolts rain down from the sky, hitting the charging Immortals.

-Currrrrr!

With a shockwave that rips through the atmosphere from thermal expansion, the charging Immortal rolls a few times across the rainy ground.

However, it comes back from a blow to the head that would have killed a normal monster or human.

This is the monster rush that led to the master class.

Its speed is not that of an ordinary human runner, but more than a steed running at full power.

-Kurung! Kureng!

Once again, the charging Immortal is struck by Riana's thunderbolt, but incredibly, it parries the blow with its sword.

Doesn't fall down.

"Hmph......!"

-Currrrrr!

If you can't stop it with an attack, apply pressure to the ground to drive it into the ground.

But as if the earth-crushing force can't affect it at all, the Immortal rushes on, only slowing down slightly.

Most knights are trained in antihorsemanship.

Immortals are warriors and ancient heroes who have become more powerful than when they were alive.

Unsurprisingly, the people who made it to the master class have a tremendous amount of horsepower.

Auror armor blocks both physical and telekinetic attacks.

"Oh, no......."

Herriot gapes at the Immortal as it rushes toward him, dodging the dangerous ones among the barrage from the magic star, deflecting blasts and resisting interfering magic.

Only one object.

You can't even stop the rush of a single master class-level immortal.

The sudden explosion in numbers when Immortal was created is something that everyone had forgotten about.

By their very nature, master classes are treated as strategic weapons, even if there's only one of them.

The master class, which also included extreme anti-magic to become a tactical weapon, was no exception for Herriot, who perfected the ultimate spell.

If only I was more familiar with this magic.

You can't stop a single one.

And now Reinhardt is being chased by thousands of such strategic weapons.

Worrying about Reinhardt in this situation is foolish.

Live.

If you survive, you have

Riana and Herriot do their best to block the Immortal's charge, but it's not coming through the monsters, it's coming through the Alliance.

You can stop them with earth-shattering magic, but you'll be killing a lot of allies together.

This is also why you can't prevent the immortalization of a single object.

There are countless ways to do this if you're alone, but the Immortals knowingly or unknowingly use the humans as bait, leaving Herriot unable to use his powerful magic.

Determination.

Just when you think you need to make a decision.

Rushing forward at breakneck speed, the Immortal soldier raised his sword and plunged his Auror blade into Liana, who stood in front of Herriot.

"Riana......!"

The moment she reaches the point where she realizes she can't let him die, and reaches out to cast her spell.

-Bam!

Something flew out of nowhere, slamming fiercely into Immortal's side.

"Cliffman......?"

Out of nowhere, only Cliff appeared.

Neither Riana nor Herriot had time to panic.

I don't have time for a long story.

Riana flings herself at the fallen Immortal.

Then, before it can reorient itself, you grab it by the scruff of the neck.

-Currrrrr!

A fierce hailstorm begins to rain down on Riana's body from the sky.

And it pours into the Immortal's flesh as it flows through Riana's body.

As if you're trying to force lightning into it.

-digging support!

So much so that Herriot had to cast a spell of total resistance on everyone nearby.

-Currrrrr!

If it doesn't go down after a few dozen shots, you can shoot it hundreds of times.

Pushing the limits, Immortal was already twitching his limbs without even getting up.

"Get lost!"

-Kwaggagang!

With a fierce flash that could no longer be called a thunderbolt, the immortal was reduced to ash.

"@AndreaMcGee....... 허억......."

Focused thalamus at ultra-close range.

Cliffman created a gap, and Riana finished it off.





