Episode 664.





An enemy's enemy is an ally.

I'm practicing that now, but my biggest problem is that my enemies are squeezing me back and forth.

I'm walking a tightrope, and in a moment of weakness, I'm eaten by both enemies simultaneously.

It looks weird, like I'm weightlifting to the front lines, but funnily enough, I'm not in the deepest part of the line.

It's hard to see through the heavy rain, but I can see the Void's trajectory flashing in the distance, and I've seen the bodies of monsters slashed to pieces.

Having entered the battlefield from the beginning, Ellen is far ahead of me.

I was already in the middle of Diane as I fought my way through the waves of monsters, mowing them down with my Voidblade and Rapelt.

Ellen's recklessness in venturing into the depths without an escort is also reckless, but she has the lapel and ramen to back it up.

My side, the one with the immortal on its butt, is more dangerous.

But the deeper I went into Diane, the more monsters I encountered, and it was becoming increasingly difficult to choose between the immortals behind me and the monsters in front of me.

The only reason I've gotten this far is, rather comically, because of the saturation directed at me.

Massive spells are still hovering over my head, with a thousand archmages trying to kill just me.

-Koo-koo-koo-koo!

But it was a blind spell, and the destructive magic was sweeping away the monsters in my path.

-Kurrrrrr

-Shoot!

The magic that was trying to kill me was killing the monsters that were trying to kill me.

Flashes, explosions, cold, flames, and blasts of unrecognizable magic.

I'm lucky there's no magic to bind my feet, even for a moment. I don't know if it's because I can't see it, or if it's because of my anti-magic powers, but it's not directly applied.

I'm a walking, unspecified bombing range, so I'd rather walk through fire and rain.

Ellen pushes ahead with her Voidblade and Rapelt, but I'm the spear through which the attacks that are meant to kill me pierce.

That doesn't mean you can relax.

If I don't run, the Masters of Immortals will catch up with me.

With Immortal in hot pursuit and me breaking through the front, the Allies were quickly advancing on Diane.

It's already been destroyed, but Diane's warp gate location is already in her head.

Simply run while guiding the immortal toward the warp gate.

It sounds easy enough, but you have to run through the most dangerous parts of the battlefield without getting caught by the enemy.

Something is protecting me, but I don't know how much longer.

-Goooooooo!

And then I saw a huge explosion of flames in one of Diane's places.

"What......?"

There was an explosion in the distance.

In an instant, a huge amount of raindrops had receded, so I was able to see the spectacle.

The raindrops pushed by the explosion soon turn into water vapor and explode into the sky.

Shockwaves of flame from Rafelt pulverized the monsters, and a blade of darkness from the Voidblade sliced through the warp gate with precision.

Not only had one of Diane's warp gates been neutralized, but the epicenter of the monsters was now completely empty.

She's doing what I'm trying to do with Immortal, and she's doing it on her own.

Ellen was strong, and I knew she was even stronger now that she had awakened two holy objects.

But in the final fight, can he do it alone, without his usual knights of Shanapelle in tow?

I've heard that Ellen seems to have gotten stronger since her condition became completely irreversible, but that's about it.

Like a ghost stalking a battlefield, Ellen destroys one warp gate and then runs off into the distance again.

If I encountered Ellen in her current state, would she attack me first, or would she take care of the monsters first?

Unknown.

But it's dangerous to get too close to Ellen.

And it's possible that the immortal could attack Ellen.

With that thought in mind, I was about to run in a different direction than Ellen.

-Currrrr!

In another place, an alien black energy erupted.

Somewhere close to the heart of the battlefield, as I, Ellen, and the Immortals are.

I don't know if it's quite right to say that the darkness is on fire, but it's clear that a fiery dark shape is engulfing the monsters in Diane's heart.

I'm not the only one in the vanguard, and there's more than one front in the coalition.

Something is breaking through some place on the front line, and the Allies are following.

You don't have to look long to see it.

Ludwig is clear.

We don't know the limits of the power he's gained with his black magic.

However, you are standing at the front of the battlefield, just like Ellen and I do.

Whatever he was thinking, unlike Christina, I could hear the determination in Ludwig's step.

A strong sense of prioritizing getting it all done somehow.

There is also a warp gate in Ludwig's direction.

And just as I can see Ludwig in a downpour, he is too close to me.

Avoid.

Just as it's dangerous to run into Ellen on the battlefield now, it's also dangerous to run into Ludwig.

All later.

Break down Diane's gate first.

-Currrrr!

Every time Ludwig swings his greatsword, the black magic of the sword shatters the monsters and clears the way.

The ominous menace of the figure reminded Ludwig of a berserker. The Allied troops marching along the road Ludwig has opened must have been terrified by the sight of a berserker wielding such ominous power.

Heavy rain means you can't see every inch of the battlefield.

And just because it's not raining doesn't mean you can't afford it.

-Ka-ka-ka-kak!

Stomp, leap, and slay the monsters that cause the earth to tremble.

-Bang! Kwalung!

Eventually, I make it to the warp gate, dodging monsters and immortals.

Size is medium.

Monsters were pouring out of the dimensional hole.

As if for the last time, the monsters came out like a gusher of water.

I don't have to deal with those monsters myself.

-Currrrr!

The powers of destruction that pour forth from me crush, tear, and burn the monsters that besiege me.

I feel like a god of destruction.

I felt as if I was intentionally harnessing these powers, as I was being surrounded by spells of destruction of all kinds.

I accomplish my goals with the power of those who would kill me.

It's a pretty ridiculous but plausible situation.

It's a chaotic and bloody battlefield, but I only need to fulfill my purpose.

Survive.

To do so, we need to break the warp gate.

"Heh......up!"

-Currrrrr!

Like a vortex condensing, the power of destruction and corruption rushes into Tiamata as she becomes a magic sword.

Maximize aurors.

And with his Tiamata, enchanted with the divine power of maximum destruction, he ran and ran and ran through the monsters, crushing them under a torrent of destructive magic.

Stab it into the gaping maw of the dimension that spews the monster.

-Quadruple!

I could clearly see the destruction of the warp gate as the force was unleashed.

I can't cut through it like Ellen, but I can break the warp gate with my own strength.

-currr

In case the Immortals ignored the gate and came after me, I broke it down with my own strength.

However, if one warp gate disappears, the Immortals chasing you will be able to catch up faster.

There's no such thing as a break.

"Fuck......!"

No matter how helpful the Immortal's attacks are, it doesn't change the fact that they're trying to kill me.

Run, run, run.

I wonder if everything around me is a trickster.

You don't even know how much you've been running around.

There was too much magic and monsters that changed the environment to rely on barriers alone.

You run, you run, you run, you run, and you break the warp gate you arrived at. And then you run again.

You don't even know how much time has passed.

The Alliance had already entered Diane, as the destruction of the warp gates had reduced the incidence of monsters.

Immortal still trails behind me, seemingly untouchable, while I slaughter Diane's monsters.

Ellen goes solo, I lure the Immortals in, and we break down warp gate after warp gate.

The Allies who had reached Diane were also destroying the gates one by one.

My heart is beating like crazy.

I'm not running out of fear that an immortal is about to catch up with me.

Really.

That's it, really.

We're almost there.

I could hear ghostly horses galloping in the distance, giant monsters crashing down, and armies being crushed to death.

One by one, Diane's warp gates crumble away.

The moment you can say the following.

What to do next.

I wonder if we'll ever have a moment to talk about that.

Just like that.

Reaching Diane, the Allies were on the verge of breaking the final gate, which was everyone's wish.

As the number of warp gates decreases, the number of monsters spilling out of a single gate increases.

However, with fewer gates, the total amount of monsters will be lower.

Before they knew it, the Alliance had gone beyond being surrounded by monsters and had taken out the monsters on the outskirts and surrounded Diane.

The number of monsters is absolutely reduced.

So.

There are fewer and fewer monsters to stop Immortals.

My life is on edge as I reach the end of this thing.

That moment when you've had enough and start thinking about how to handle your immortals.

In the distance, somewhere in the torrential downpour, I saw a reddish glow in the sky, growing in size.

"ah......."

I know what that is.

We've been destroying warp gates all over the battlefield.

Now we're down to one.

No, you're done.

Only one warp gate remains.

What happens then.

The gate debacle is over.

The gate situation is over, but you have to deal with what comes out of it.

-Currrrr!

The last remaining gate stops spitting out monsters and grows larger and larger.

Rising into the sky, the red hole of the warp gate blazes as it grows as massive as the sun.

From there, something appears.

No.

Pour.

-Thump!

From the red hole of a warp gate stretched to its limits, a behemoth fell to the ground.

When there is only one warp gate left, the gate will disappear after the last monster is spit out.

There had been many monsters in the form of dragons by this time, but this one was bigger and more alien than any of them.

The final disaster.

A bizarrely shaped dragon with six pairs of massive wings on a fuselage that looks like a projection of the night sky.

In the original, it's just the last monster, and it doesn't even have a name, but I named it the Otherworldly Dragon.

Something with such an overwhelming presence that even in a downpour, it's so huge that you can see its massive form from anywhere.

-Greeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

-ddddddd!

With a roar that seemed to bring the world crashing down.

The otherworldly dragon roared.

Now, the gate debacle is over.

Now, if only the otherworldly dragons would do something about it, we could all say the following.

The otherworldly dragon opened its gaping maw to the world.

And.

-Woof!

From the behemoth's maw, a void shot forth.

There was no binge drinking.

However.

As much as the emptiness struck.

The world has been erased.



* * *



The final monster that came out of nowhere.

The battlefield was chilled by the irrational violence the creature spewed.

-shootaaaaa

Even in the downpour, everyone could see the alien, jet-black behemoth in the distance.

A bizarre behemoth that appeared out of nowhere.

And a black breath that erased everything it touched.

-Thump! Thump!

Every time the behemoth opens its gaping maw and spits out its brains, there's no impact sound, no binge, no explosion.

It was literally disappearing.

"Is that....... What is that......?"

Herriot froze, watching the unreasonable destruction wrought by something that had suddenly appeared from the rear of the battlefield.

Neither did Cliffman, who sliced up the last Immortal, nor did Riana.

Already, a number of mages were pouring magic into the seemingly dangerous creature.

However, it passes.

No lightning, no flames, no explosions.

As if you can't even reach that which has taken the form of the night.

Not even a flash of light from the magic star could reach it, only to pierce through it and explode behind it.

It has a shape but no form.

It may be a spirit form enemy.

So Herriot fired a powerful beam of light with the power of exorcism, but even it only grazed him.

I can't quite make out what it is, but it's a monster that uses a very different form of power than we're used to.

"What......?"

Every monster is different.

It's not like there weren't monsters that didn't work with fire and magic.

But that one spits out a breath that wipes out everything it touches, and it doesn't even take all the hits.

It's as if it exists outside of the world.

Herriot expands his field of vision to see the behemoth.

The closer I looked, the more incomprehensible the shape became.

And I watched as it washed away all the magic that was being poured into it.

The image projected by the Otherworldly Dragon's body is similar to the image projected by Ellen's Voidblade.

If Voidblade Lament is a blade of night that cuts through everything it touches.

That one can do what Voidblade Laments can do on a wide area.

As such, Herriot was forced to realize the power of Ellen's sword, and vice versa.

The Voidblade doesn't cut through everything it touches.

It erases everything it touches.

It's a thin blade that slices through the void, and we've mistakenly thought it cuts through.

It can accomplish in a breath what the Voidblade does.

A dragon with a night form.

So it's unreachable by the reasoning that exists in the world.

But it can destroy the world.

Why does that even exist?

How am I supposed to kill something like that.

Cliffman's path to the Master Class was awakened, and the Immortal Attack was too scary to pass up.

At the end of the day, everything we've done hasn't mattered in the end.

It felt like it was there to laugh at everyone in the world.

-Digitize!

Then, a crack opens up in the space in front of it, revealing another gigantic figure.

Dragons of overwhelming size and Titans of massive weaponry to rival them in size.

A Titan that has been removed from the battlefield, minimally recharged, and ready to do anything to combat its despair.

-Whoosh!

The giant swished its tail, not its breath, this time.

Then, the titan's waist disappeared.

It's not destroyed, but the part of the trajectory where the dragon's tail touches is gone.

The Titan crumbles, as does whatever it was that had kept the Allied morale up until now.

Not everyone could see the spectacle, but they could hear the Titan crumble and hear the rumble.

Its loud echo was the despair felt by all in the Allied ranks.

"How....... What....... How....... do......?"

The immortal is gone.

It reappeared.

Titans were brought in.

That's what it's all about.

If you see something like that at the end.

What the heck am I supposed to do?

All of this happens in the .

Facts.

Was it unfinishable?

No Riana, no Harriet.

I couldn't help but feel a certain sense of abandonment that went beyond despair.

-shootaaaaa

It was raining.





