Episode 666.





A forest outside the ecliptic.

Christina didn't tell Anna and Louis Ankton everything when they woke up.

Saviolin Tana has raided the underground lab.

All I could do was take you and run, and now the underground lab is blown up.

That's it for now.

Either the Immortals were intentionally withdrawn, or they were reintroduced to kill the Demon.

I didn't bother to tell you about all that stuff.

Both Anna and Louis were stunned that they couldn't stop a single Saviolin Tana.

The Empire had a hand in making sure Immortal was no longer recoverable, but in the end, Diane's situation was the most important.

Christina watched the entirety of Immortal's fight.

I tried to kill the demon first, but he used the monsters to scurry away like a mouse.

Neither Herriot nor Riana could be killed, only Cliff, who had suddenly become an unexpected monster.

I felt my blood run dry.

Immortals will continue to be destroyed and losses will be irrecoverable.

It's almost as if they knew this was coming, and they're just using their immortals to get away with it.

And.

Christina looked.

The appearance of a giant unknown monster.

Its overwhelming and inscrutable majesty.

But before I could fully realize the destruction and disaster it was wreaking, I saw it being sliced up by Ellen Artorius.

She had a hunch.

The gate debacle is over.

But something even more shocking happened before that.

When he saw Christina, wide-eyed and clenching her teeth until her lip bled, Louis Ankton asked cautiously.

"Christina, what's wrong?"

"......scarlet."

At that, both Louis and Anna's faces hardened.

"Scarlett, and Konorint....... They're smashing Immortals."

Scarlet, who was supposed to be languishing in a safe city somewhere, was running back and forth across the battlefield with Kono Lint, smashing Immortals.

No combat.

As Scarlett traveled to the location of the Immortal, she would use her ability and the Immortal would instantly turn to dust and disappear.

Scarlett's abilities are essential to Immortals.

Scarlett was able to do things that even Ellen or Savior Tana couldn't do.

One thing is for sure, Scarlett is siding with the devil.

Since when?

"Did Scarlett go to......?"

"Yes."

Louis Ankton asked with a puzzled look, and Christina nodded slowly.

"Scarlett betrayed us."

Christina says, her face twisted into a grim line.

We don't know how or why Scarlett ended up there.

Ludwig's assurances that Scarlett could be trusted were the ramblings of a backward fool.

Should have killed it.

However, Immortal can never kill Scarlett.

No, it's not an immortal in the first place, and no one can kill Scarlett now.

ConoLint is here to help.

It will be impossible to even reach, let alone hold on to.

When Saviolin Tana stormed the underground research wing, I assumed her intention was to stall the Immortals from returning.

So I sent all of the Immortals back to the battlefield, since they couldn't touch me anyway.

But then, instead of killing her, she blew up the lab.

The emperor has read it all.

Back on the battlefield, the Immortals attempted to hunt down the Demon.

But instead, the Demon used the Immortals to chase him, stirring up the entirety of Diane as if he were the vanguard of the Immortals.

And when he finally caught up, with fewer monsters to stave off the pursuit, he summoned Scarlett as if she had been waiting for him and began to smash the Immortal backwards.

Immortal was taken to the extreme by the Devil.

It was read to the emperor.

You've been taken advantage of by the devil.

Immortal will now be able to tear through the entire battlefield with Scarlet and Kono Lint, neutralizing them all.

The lab that can regenerate incapacitated immortals has been blown up.

At this point, all of your immortals will be gone.

"We need to get Immortal off the battlefield."

The absolute number of Immortals has been declining at an alarming rate, even with the arrival of Scarlet and Kono Lint.

We're stuck.

If all of your emotes are gone, you won't be able to do anything with them.

First, we need to keep the power of the Immortal alive.

You'll need to find another way.

There are still more than half a dozen immortals left.

At this rate, Immortals will be wiped out.

We'll have to find another way to fix the remaining immortals.

First, we need to figure out how to deal with scarlet.

Decorating something with immortals is the next step.

"The gate thing, is it over?"

At Anna's question, Christina stares at her.

Yes.

We should start with the gate situation.

"I think so. We'll have to kill the rest of the monsters, but Diane will fall. But if we don't take the time to reorganize the Immortals first, we're in danger......."

-Poof!

"......?"

Christina couldn't help but make a silly noise.

"Anna!"

And then, out of the blue, Louis Ankton shouted.

Anna's blackened hand was buried in Christina's heart.

She didn't even feel the pain.

Something that just happened in front of you.

Dreams.

or should I say.

All I could think was that it was unrealistic.

Anna De Guerna says, still.

"I'm done playing third-rate villain."

"What......?"

-Poof!

Anna pulled her hand away from Christina's chest.

Crimson gore dripped from a hole in his chest.

Anna stares at Christina with dark eyes.

"Let the immortal disappear."

"You. What the hell. Why, why, why......?"

Christina was frozen, unable to speak, and Louis Ankton was pale with incomprehension.

"Uh....... Uh. Uh....... Why......."

Anna says, holding still, watching Christina gape in disbelief.

She knew the magic.

But he didn't know.

"You are now useless."

Anna looked at her dying friend with cold eyes.

"Bertus told me to tell you so."

It left a cold goodbye.



* * *



Christina is dead.

Without even closing your eyes.

Realizing what had happened to him only just before he completely stopped breathing.

He died in tears of blood, his eyes bulging and his lips biting.

Louis Ankton didn't understand what was happening in front of him.

"Anna....... Anna what are you doing! Christina, if Christina dies......!"

"Immortals will start killing random people."

At this point, the immortal will completely lose control and start rampaging.

"But once she's done with Immortal and starts planning her next move, there's no stopping her."

If my army starts waging guerrilla warfare against an entire continent, no one will be able to respond.

Scarlett or Conorint?

Do your sabotage or assassination before they show up, and then disappear.

Even if it can no longer be repaired, if it provokes a localized war, Immortals can always destroy it, not to mention infinitely hinder the building of the Demon King's world.

Just as the demons could have destroyed the human world by now, but didn't.

If she can't kill the demon now, she's going to do it in the next phase, and she can.

There is an immortal in place, and there is a scarlet that can reliably neutralize that immortal.

If you don't do it now, you'll never get the chance to make immortals disappear completely.

"So I killed it."

I asked if the gate debacle was over just to make sure.

Once the gate debacle is over, it's time for the immortals to go away.

Timing is everything.

If you kill her too quickly, Immortal will crush your alliance.

If you kill it too late, you won't be able to deal with the rampaging Immortals.

So she was holding her breath.

Until the moment comes when it's most certain and safe to kill her.

Anna is taking instructions from Bertus.

We don't even know when Bertus approached Anna.

At the last minute, I was waiting for the right moment to kill Christina.

A friend died.

In trying to save his friend, he ended up putting his friends in danger.

I have a friend who killed him with my own hands.

There are some things that only end when friends die and kill each other.

Christina was murdered at the hands of a friend in a bizarre last minute act.

That's why she was a third-rate. No, she wasn't even a third-rate villain.

I never suspected my friend until the end.

Such, a third-rate villain.

Anna holds up Christina's body and looks at Louis.

Anna's back was stained red with blood.

Anna has fulfilled Bertus's orders.

Anna took Bertus' orders, not because she was promised a reward.

Bertus had no intention of giving Anna anything, and Anna had no intention of receiving anything.

I think you should.

So that's what I did.

Just like Christina did this because it was the right thing to do.

Christina, I'm just doing this because it seems like the right thing to do.

I didn't really want anything.

Bertus couldn't have asked for more from Anna.

The empire will be gone, so it doesn't matter if Bertus promised something.

"Let's go."

There's nowhere else to go.

Louis Ankton, a bystander and silent collaborator through it all, mumbles something incoherent at Anna's words.

"......where?"

Where we need to go.

Where you can go.

Is there one?

In the end, all three are sinners who will go down in history and have nowhere to go.

"Well......."

With the friend I killed on my back.

"The place we need to go is....... somewhere."

Anna smiled, her eyes deadpan.





