Episode 667.





-Bam!

I can't even count the number of times I've broken my wrist.

Just withstanding the pressure of the Voidblade is enough to break your wrists, shoulders, and arms.

If it weren't for Tiamata's resilience, I would have died the moment I split the sum.

I'm used to pain.

I've died thousands of times in my dreams, so I'm used to death, so why shouldn't I be used to pain?

-.......

Ellen walks slowly toward me, who has bounced off into the distance.

It's not rushed, either.

It was a move that assumed I wouldn't be able to avoid this battle.

So, it's not laid back, but it's not rushed either.

That slow, calm approach, in and of itself, takes my breath away.

Ellen's entire body pulsed with a grayish aura that bordered on blue auror.

The Ellen I imagined in my dreams didn't win either.

I thought the real Ellen would be different, that she would be stronger, even with the power of those demons.

It's not funny.

I thought it would be stronger than I could ever imagine.

But it wasn't without reason.

I couldn't bring myself to kill Ellen.

I don't even dare to think about it.

So I can't go full throttle.

But that was hubris.

Even with all my might.

Even if you do everything you can.

I realized that I would never be able to beat Ellen.

After walking slowly, Ellen closes the distance in a few strides.

-Quack!

When the Voidblade and Alsbringer collide, a shockwave rips the earth apart.

-Bang!

Two concatenations.

And.

-Bam!

"Turn off...... Yuck!"

He struck me with his knee and blew me away.

Ribbed.

-Woof!

Tiamata's powers restore you again.

Took disenchantment to the extreme.

Nevertheless, the moment it endures a unity, it is simply destroyed by overwhelming force.

The gap is too big.

I thought I was as strong as anyone.

Ellen is too strong.

The gap is not as wide as it used to be.

Not as much as when Ellen blocks a swinging sword and loses her grip on it.

However, each stroke of the sword shatters and tears the bones and muscles protected by the auror.

There's still that gap.

Ellen in her right mind.

This is not the Ellen I met at Charlotte's execution, the one who was so guilty of pointing a sword at me that she was beaten to death.

Otherwise, I can't even feed Ellen a single effective hit.

He is gifted with all kinds of talents, clad in the strongest weapons and the strongest armor, and possesses an immeasurable number of souls.

Did it hit me, and I couldn't beat it?

It's not just melee either.

-Kwalung!

A flash of flame grazed my cheek.

Even flames from the sun's cloak, not the Voidblade, pierce my defenses.

-profit

The wound heals with a sound that shouldn't come from human skin.

What I can count on is resilience.

And the power of Alsbringer to boost your performance the stronger your opponent.

Ellen is stronger because of the power of the Relic, but I don't even have the Relic to make this fight work.

He would have broken his wrist on the first hit and lost his sword, and his throat would have been blown off on the third.

If it weren't for Tiamata, I'd be dead.

Voidblade and Tiamata collide.

-Carded!

Sparks flew as the Voidblade and Holy Blade clashed, and my attempt to push to the right turned into Ellen flipping my wrist over and catching me.

No, to be precise.

From the moment it poked me, it knew how I was going to respond.

Soon, it was read.

-Poof!

"......!"

In an instant, my chest opened, and before I had time to react, I was stabbed in the lungs.

Before the blade could sever my body, I kicked Ellen's body and stepped back.

"Ugh......!"

-Woof!

Tiamata's Holy Power heals critical wounds.

Unless you have a holy object, you cannot block Voidblade's attacks.

I'm used to the pain, so it didn't distract me, but a sword in the chest is always eerie.

It comes at you with a vengeance.

-Bang! kang! ka-kang!

In the midst of a breathtaking onslaught, one misstep and you're dead.

That's not the only problem.

Ellen is not without its flaws.

Too many loopholes.

Ellen is completely defenseless against the onslaught of attacks.

-Bam!

"K......gh!"

However, if you poke your head into the gap, the intense reactionary force will only make you feel like you're going to break.

It's not the Auror armor that Ellen is wearing, it's the reactionary force of the sun cloak unfolding itself.

It's not that we don't defend.

You don't have to defend it.

Even a full-force attack won't work.

There's a reason you've been slaying monsters alone in the deepest recesses of the battlefield.

A sword that cuts through anything.

A shield to defend against any attack.

I knew Ellen was strong.

But that was it.

Not even a full-powered attack can touch a single hair on Ellen's head.

It's a different kind of holy grail.

They can't even reach Ellen, who holds two holy symbols that specialize in offense and defense.

-Bang! kang! ka-kang!

You're in a hurry just to dodge Ellen's barrage of attacks.

There's also a basic disparity, where all my attacks don't even touch, and Ellen's attacks can be decapitated if they miss.

-Bam!

"K......!"

With a single, weighted front kick, I'm thrown backward with a crushing pain that feels like every bone in my body is shattering.

The good news is that unless you're critically injured, you can recover.

The power of healing.

Tiamata's divine power to regenerate no matter how wounded.

But for now, I'm just extending my roster a bit.

It stares at me with a numb expression as it bounces off into the distance.

-shootaaaaa

I cringe at that insensitive stare.

I.

I can't beat you.

This was going to happen from the day we met.

Was I destined to lose here?

What have we done so far?

In the end, I couldn't get past you.

Is there a story waiting to be told about the devil being defeated by the hero?

You didn't grit your teeth all this way just to die on the spot.

And it's not just me that dies, if you kill me, you die too.

I don't know.

Somehow I've escaped death, but my life is about to be taken.

Because good luck doesn't last forever.

It watches me measure the distance and opens its mouth to speak.

"Is it unfair?"

"......."

Clearly, it has a will.

I don't know how it works specifically.

I know it's not impossible to have a conversation.

"I saw you trying to protect the humans."

So you've seen it all.

"Now we know, and you know, that you were trying to protect humans."

It will know that I'm doing this for something, and it will know that.

The result is this.

I know my intentions were not evil per se.

It asks.

"Is it unfair that it has to be this way?"

How could it not be?

While it's true that a lot of people died, the Allied casualties pale in comparison to the original, thanks to a change in plot.

One more step.

One more step.

We just need to get Ellen back.

That's all there is to it.

There's nothing to be greedy about.

But at the end, he dies without getting Ellen back.

It's not even a fight.

I don't see how that could be unfair.

I just need one more step, but I can't take it.

I lost the last fight, and I may have to lose everything.

"Of course."

I don't want to sound like a broken record, but.

I can't say I don't feel bad, I can't say I don't feel bad.

All of this while .

Every day you've ever spent.

I thought I might be able to get you back.

And sometimes.

After everything is back to normal. Sometimes, I wish I could be back to my old self.

Sometimes, really sometimes.

I imagined it.

All those days.

Nervous.

That's not all.

"When I woke up, I was a frail, demonic prince in a dying country."

"I don't remember anything."

"Knowing only that the world is about to end."

"I didn't want to die, so I fell into the ecliptic, relying on a silly camouflage spell that dispelled in a single dispel."

"So far......."

"I tried to save everyone somehow, and the world ended up like this because of me."

"But somehow, through gritted teeth, I've made it this far."

"Now, you just need to get your act together."

"Well, you're about to get your ass handed to you."

"Wouldn't that be unfair?"

In fact, it all happened because of me.

I feel like I'm going to die at the end of it all, with just one last step left.

It would be weird if that didn't make you feel frustrated and sad.

I'm angry, frustrated, and sad.

How I got here.

I came all this way just to die.

To my pleas of injustice that don't fit this situation, it doesn't laugh at me.

"Poor......."

It doesn't condemn or criticize my Toro.

However.

Stand still in the rain and close your eyes.

In its eyes, the rainwater flows, unhindered.

An unfathomable rain falls on its head, runs down its face and eyes, and becomes a puddle.

Tears.

It must be the torrential rain that Riana summoned.

-shootaaaaa

-Rumble

I felt like this epic was the tears it was shedding.

If the world cries, and it turns into rain.

In a torrential downpour that makes you wonder if this is how it's going to be.

It speaks, in the heat of the world.

"Well, what about us?"

I don't even know how many "we" I'm supposed to count anymore.

"Aren't we pathetic?"

"I should have just gotten swept up in your story and disappeared."

"We."

"I didn't have a role, I didn't do anything."

"By a monster."

"Sometimes by humanity."

"Sometimes."

"By you."

"For reasons of your own."

"The 'I' that had to go away."

"Our trampled lives."

"He deserves it more than you do."

"All they had to say was 'I had to.'"

"Do I need to be convinced of that?"

With his eyes closed, he spoke softly, not in anger and despair, but in a muffled voice that conveyed a desperate sadness.

I didn't dream of anything.

Other people's dreams.

To be precise, they were trampled underfoot by the dreams I had.

Even if I say it wasn't my intention, those are the deaths I caused.

Their frustration and anger is understandable and justified.

If I dare to speak of injustice to them, it would be injustice and intolerable to them.

"I can't help but be sad."

"It's unfair, but I can't help it."

"As if we were dying in those words."

"The Devil."

"Unless you can give us our lives back."

"Unless you can give us back everything you took from us."

"In frustration, bitterness, and anger."

"Die an inevitable death."

"Only if you die like that."

"Only if you get it back."

"Wouldn't that be the least you could do to apologize for all the deaths you caused?"

It's impossible to give your life back.

I know this, and I know that.

So I must die too.

Just one step away from achieving everything.

Bitterness and despair, resentment and anger.

Only by dying in sorrow can it be a minimal apology.

It shouldn't be alive.

Trying to live is greed in itself.

It stares at me, still and open-eyed.

"But your heart. I know."

I wonder if it has been refined over time.

It didn't appear to be as intensely emotional as it had been when it first appeared.

Or had she gotten into Ellen's body and started to resemble her because she was always so calm?

The look in his eyes.

Eyes once filled with emptiness and abysses.

It looked like a deep, frozen lake.

It's not warm.

It's not without its enemies.

However, it was silent.

"I have no intention of forgiving you, and I have no intention of sparing you."

"But at the very least, out of respect for you."

"Let's make a deal."

You recognize me, but you can't keep me alive.

There is a price I must pay. Knowing my intentions does not change the ending, nor does it bring death to life.

There is a price to pay.

However, I do have a suggestion.

Transactions.

"Only you die."

The words were plain and brutal.

"Those you love."

"Your loved ones."

"All the things you want to keep."

"I will spare everyone but you."

"From this child you have loved, I will escape."

"And I'll be gone."

"You will not be able to see with your own eyes how all those you have loved live."

"Well, into the world of numbness. Come with me."

"Filled with bitterness, resentment, and anger."

"Be like me."

"It's gone from the world."

Was it?

I get it.

What that "future" meant.

That scene where I get killed, and Ellen kills herself.

That future was not a future of defeat.

The battle is not lost.

You weren't killed in a fight.

You've seen the next part of this transaction.

I would have taken the deal because it would have saved my life.

You can fight and lose.

I know I'm going to die anyway.

If I hadn't seen what was coming next.

Obviously, I would have taken the deal.



* * *



What I saw in the preview was me dead, and Ellen taking her own life.

That's not who I am after a defeat.

This was after I accepted the deal to die and end it all.

If I don't take the deal, it doesn't kill me.

Everyone, including me, Harriet, and Olivia.

He will begin to kill all those who have sided with him.

And in the end, he'll kill Ellen, the one he's blaming.

But if it dies now, it's gone.

If I hadn't seen that future, I would have taken the deal.

Because that's the best I can do.

To die after a pointless struggle, to die and have everyone I love die.

I'm the only one who dies.

It's pretty obvious what to choose.

You don't have to die with everyone else.

That's not lying.

When I say kill me and go away, I mean it.

In the future I saw, if Ellen took her own life, it would be because she realized she had killed me with her own hands.

The promise will be kept.

But one truth we know because we know the future.

Not only do I die, but so does Ellen, who killed me.

That this isn't a one-and-done deal.

Demons and heroes.

If only two of them die, will there be peace for the rest of us?

To disappear with you is the only ending I'm allowed.

I might be able to beat Ellen if I used Alsbringer, but there's no point in doing so, since I'm going to die with her anyway.

Whether Ellen kills herself for killing me, or I borrow the power of an incarnation to kill Ellen and die in return, it's the same thing.

The future I saw wasn't about the outcome of battles, it was about choices.

If I refuse, I must fight it, and if I lose, it will kill everyone I love.

If you accept, only you and Ellen will die, and everything else will belong to those who remain.

Without me, they'll get by somehow.

Some will mourn, and most will cheer as the hero defeats the demon.

Funny.

The Demon War ended with the annihilation of the Warriors and the Demons.

And even now, across time, the hero and the devil are meant to die together.

Is it always the case that heroes and demons are destined to die together?

It proves that I've been doing all this to protect something, not to destroy it.

At the end of the last.

Prove it by giving up everything and dying at its hands.

You should be able to reach the end of everything and have none of it.

If it's just me, that's fine.

If it's just me.

That's good.

I imagine a confused Ellen who eventually kills me with her own hands and wakes up in a daze.

And then we saw Ellen, who ultimately chose to die.

Again and again.

Dozens of times.

I've seen it hundreds of times.

Whenever my will is about to weaken. Whenever your resolve tries to weaken.

I gritted my teeth at the sight.

I did something about it, telling myself that I hadn't built up all this time to see that future.

Killed by Ellen in a dream.

I was trying to hold up a crumbling world.

And then I get to the end of it, and I have to choose a future I never wanted to see?

We've talked too much about things that can't be changed.

I can't help it.

So for now, let's do this

You have to accept it.

The inevitable.

I want to do something about it this time.

I don't want to have to choose, and for once, I don't want to choose.

You'll lose, but you won't necessarily lose.

You're not necessarily going to die.

It's not necessarily just the possibility of me losing.

Just like you can't buy your happiness with someone else's misery.

My misery does not buy your happiness.

It's a terrible, cruel thing to say.

Me too.

I guess it's okay to be happy now.

Eventually.

I don't want to die.

I'm afraid of dying.

I'm afraid of what happens after I die.

Ellen, who will take her own life, and those left behind.

All I've seen is Ellen, but I shudder to think of the thoughts and feelings of those who didn't see her.

Because.

For once, I'm going to make a choice that shouldn't be made.

I know I shouldn't pick it, but I do.

"No."

I, shake my head.

Yes.

Let's keep it simple.

"I promised."

It was a clear promise.

There were plenty of days when I almost died.

There were times when I encountered enemies I couldn't defeat by fighting.

Once, in the face of such an enemy, I survived on a promise.

"I won't make you sad."

Luna Artorius.

She saved my life for one reason.

I won't make Ellen sad.

The rest of it was because I said I'd do it anyway.

"I promised your mom."

She didn't believe me.

Just as I knew this was coming, Luna knew it was coming.

But if I end up dying at Ellen's hands, and she takes her own life, that promise is ultimately unfulfilled.

Nor are they ordinary.

It's a promise to God.

So you have to honor it.

No, I want to keep it.

"So, even if I wanted to kill you, I can't."

The moment you said that.

Suddenly.

Really suddenly.

The world stopped.

And it turned red.

"What......?"

Everything stopped, and I was the only one who could move.

Even the rain stopped.

In a world where time has stopped, something is different.

The dark clouds have cleared.

And there was a giant hole.

In the center of the sun, now dozens of times larger than usual, was a gaping hole.

No.

Not a hole.

Something is blocking the sun.

The sun is dozens of times more massive than usual.

And, the moon obscuring it.

"Th...... expression?"

With a sudden solar eclipse, the world came to a standstill.

And.

Through the stopped raindrops, I saw something that hadn't been there before.

"You didn't forget your promise."

I turned my head at the sound of a familiar, nostalgic voice that seemed to come out of nowhere.

I couldn't help but doubt my eyes.

Now there was someone I thought I'd never see again.

Month.

And the sun.

I know someone who is involved in both.

And there is only one person I know of who can perform such a miracle.

"Hello......?"

Luna Artorius.

The same person who appeared in the moonlight appeared in front of me, this time with a huge eclipse.

"Did you not say."

What she said as she sent me on my way.

"The favor of the moon and the sun be upon you."

It was a promise, not an origin.





