Episode 668.





Luna Artorius.

She appeared with the eclipse.

I wonder if he was watching this from somewhere.

When I mentioned the moon and the sun, I thought it was just a way of asking for blessings.

I don't know if it was the rejection of the transaction or something else that was important.

A promise not to make Ellen sad.

It was my willingness to honor that promise that led to Luna's intervention.

We don't know why.

As far as I can tell, the closest thing to an absolute in the world has appeared.

It's impossible for me to beat Ellen in her current state.

But if you're Lunar, you can do it.

Alsbringer summons an incarnation.

But she is the incarnation of two gods.

She could definitely do it.

"How did you get here?"

As if to say sorry.

As if they were proud.

Luna was looking at me like that.

Luna looked at me and smiled wistfully.

"I'll take care of 'that'."

Then, state your purpose bluntly.

It takes care of it.

"Then Ellen would have to go to......."

"It will come back to you. The way you wanted it, the way you envisioned it. Whole."

The words made my heart race like crazy.

You'll get an intact Ellen back.

It will return to its original state.

All the spirits are gone, the gate debacle is over, and I get everything I wanted.

That's it.

that's it.

The time I spent traveling to Rizaira to see Luna wasn't really about making me stronger, it was about making a difference that would allow her to engage with the world.

"The rest, I'll leave to you."

Luna walks steadily toward Ellen.

As if we don't need to talk about it anymore.

Is this it?

Everything is resolved.

Is there a moment where there are other problems, but they're just problems in the world, and you just have to solve them?

Just like that.

Just like that.

In this goddamned world.

It's not that bad.

It can't be.

"What about your mother?"

"......."

Luna's steps stopped at my call.

If it were that easy, there would be no reason not to do it by now.

There has to be a reason for Luna's appearance at this point.

If it was something I could do with the flip of a palm, I should have done it sooner.

Watch, watch, watch.

It must have appeared out of necessity.

"It's gone, right?"

"......."

"That's what it is."

It certainly won't come without a price.

If it was something she could do for nothing, she would have stepped in long ago.

At Richie's grave, Luna tried to kill me.

If she had killed me then, she said, she would have disappeared from the world in return.

Same for this one.

In exchange for doing this, she will disappear.

That's why it's only now showing up.

She doesn't want to disappear either.

You showed up because I still want to keep my promise.

You'd want to do something about it.

"I am not of this world by nature."

Luna, who has stopped walking at my call, looks back at me.

"I've existed long enough without a circle, I've done things without a circle, I've had happy times without a circle, so I have no regrets."

"......."

"If I am not sorry, why should you be sorry?"

That should do it.

If Luna sacrifices herself to get Ellen back, is that it?

I don't know.

I don't even know how to beat Ellen.

Even if we win, we don't know how to pull those spirits out of Ellen and destroy them.

Luna says she'll do it all for you.

Is that it?

That is.

It's an all-too-comfortable conclusion.

It's hard to accept.

I can see why in the future.

I would have rejected this intervention from Luna as well.

If Luna gets involved, she'll disappear.

I would have rejected her intervention and made a deal.

And Luna was unable to stop Ellen's self-determination.

I wouldn't have wanted Luna to sacrifice herself when I could have done it all myself.

But what's different.

I know the consequences of accepting the deal.

The future is obviously different than the future that would have happened without knowing anything about it.

Is letting Luna sacrifice herself the only answer I can find from the future I've seen?

I really.

Can't do anything, no role?

"And your father?"

"......."

It was the wrong thing to say in this desperate situation, and Luna seemed to freeze up a bit at my comment.

As if I'm pathetic for saying that even in this situation.

"I'm done talking to Ronan."

As if to say, I've told you enough, it's none of your business.

By the way.

Unlike how it looks in Lizaira, I have a pretty good idea of what the couple looks like in real life.

Madame, the embodiment of the gods.

Human husband.

Obviously, Ronan doesn't have a say.

"You didn't ask me to know that because that's what I chose to do?"

"......."

"Right."

By the way he kept his mouth shut and glared, I could tell Ronan had been informed.

Luna, on her way to Ellen, finally comes back to me with an annoyed look on her face.

-Cock

Luna pushes my forehead with the tip of her index finger.

"In this situation."

-Cock

"A good child is."

-Cock

"With tears of gratitude."

-Cock

"Staying quiet."

-Cock!

"It's polite."

-Bam!

"Eek!"

The rebuke, punctuated by a chestnut, sent me spiraling backwards.

Despite this situation.

I laugh.

"No."

"......."

"You said you wouldn't let Ellen be sad, but you don't want her to die."

"You don't die. You merely return to the will and power that belong to you."

"If I can't see anymore, what's the difference between that and dying?"

"......."

In other words, you're replacing sadness with sadness.

If you trade Ellen for Luna, you're bound to end up with Ellen being sad.

To get Ellen back, I must die, or Luna must disappear.

In the end, something important is missing from Ellen's life.

The irritation faded from Luna's expression.

Her expression turns cold.

The first time you saw me.

It was the look on his face when he was seriously trying to kill me.

Just seeing that look sent chills down my spine.

"Is there any other way, then?"

"......."

"If I disappear, you'll die in a reckless fight, and that thing will go crazy."

"......."

"It's not like you have any choice but to let me take care of that for you, and you're just going to throw a fit because you don't want me to go away?"

"Yes."

Luna's brow narrows at my unthinking words.

"Maybe like this....... Like this......."

Luna lets out a deep sigh.

"What a clueless, ugly little bastard......."

He didn't just say it, he seemed genuinely disappointed.

Even in this situation, when everything could easily be solved by someone else, I found myself swarming with no answers, and it was so pathetic that I couldn't stand it.

No way, no way.

They're just being pushy.

I want Ellen back.

But I also don't want Luna to disappear.

I wonder if there's a better ending.

Why does it always have to be at the expense of something.

"That's the way it's supposed to be."

"......."

"You know."

Come to think of it, it's always been that way.

There was never a way to do it.

I didn't know how to get stronger.

I didn't know what caused the gate.

I didn't even know how to find Lizaira.

For any given problem, there has never been a perfect way to solve it.

But I got hit.

I can't count the number of times I've crashed and burned, but I can count the number of times I've miraculously figured out how to do something or somehow solved a problem.

It's not an absolute, but I've gotten stronger.

We had a gate incident, but now we know why it happened.

I didn't even know how to get to Rizaira, but I found it somehow.

Maybe that's why Luna is in front of me now.

"I don't know," he said, "but it's a miracle that it's worked at all."

"That's right."

"Shut up and listen."

"......."

"Where is the guarantee that it will be the same this time?"

"No."

Blind.

It's pathetic to me that you can't do anything about it and refuse the only solution.

But what to do.

I don't want to lose it.

If you accept Luna's sacrifice because you can't help it now.

What's next?

Now that Luna has accepted that she has no choice, she will make other sacrifices as well.

I know I have to make compromises to survive.

But if you get used to compromise, you'll end up sacrificing everything you hold dear.

I'm afraid to take that first step.

It's impossible to live a life without compromise.

I don't want to live a life where I'm used to compromise.

It was full.

And I don't want to let go of anything.

Ellen, Luna, too.

I don't want to get used to the idea that in order to have one, you have to give one away.

"Fool."

Luna finally clenches her teeth and turns away from me.

It was clear that he was genuinely upset.

I would be genuinely upset if I had to go to all this trouble to say no, and then you just said no without doing anything about it.

"Don't expect me to help you twice."

They mean it.

After much deliberation, I've come to the conclusion that I'm going to abandon the easy way out and take the road that leads only to death.

They're not going to show up to help me twice.

It would have been a stroke of genius.

Getting Ellen back with Luna's help would have solved everything.

But since you declined, you won't be helped twice.

I have no intention of accepting a deal with a spirit, so there is a high probability that I will die.

Perhaps on my deathbed, I'll wish I had gotten Luna's help.

But I'm the one who makes the decisions now.

I don't want the Ellen from the world where Luna disappeared.

A mother died for her daughter, and I don't want to rejoice that she's back.

Luna turns away from me and walks over to Ellen.

Luna looks down at me on the ground, disgusted.

She waves her hand in the air.

Then, in her hand, a sword.

A cloak was draped over his shoulders.

"......?"

"That's all I can do."

In her hands were, apparently, Lament, the sword of the moon, and Rafelt, the cloak of the sun.

In the suspended world, the Voidblade and Suncloak in Ellen's hand were gone.

Luna has stolen Ellen's holy relic, which was her biggest problem.

This is something that didn't happen in the preview.

A different future, a different outcome from my different words.

I don't know what changed.

Clearly, something is different.

"Look, there's something there."

"Come on!"

-Bam!

"Eek!"

I got my ass kicked.

That's probably not something you want to pay for by ceasing to exist.

Yes.

After all, we have something.

There's something you can do for them that doesn't have to cost them their existence.

You wouldn't have known any of this if you'd stayed put.

You should have just masturbated to the idea that you had no choice, and told Ellen that your mother saved you and disappeared.

I can't help but let it show on my face.

"Even in this situation, I still hate you."

Luna looks at me and grits her teeth.

He looks like he's going to go crazy because he hates me.

But he's doing it because he can't stand to see me die like this.

We can't just leave them alone.

"If you've come this far and you can't do anything about it, you might as well die, you ugly bastard."

She looks at me with an evil eye.

He looked frustrated, annoyed, and bewildered.

I don't think I've ever been a very expressive person.

Come to think of it, so did Ellen.

I must have some sort of talent for pissing off people with Ellen-like personalities to the point of insufferability.

"You said something like, 'Don't you ever want to have another child?"

"What? Oh....... I did."

Do you really think that.......

Have you tried it?

"I'm never going to have kids."

Luna gritted her teeth.

"For a kid like you who's too hands-on, that's a problem."

Ragan and Ellen got lucky.

What if I'm unlucky enough to be a kid like you?

So, I'm anxious and scared and I can't give birth.

"But......."

With that said.

"Live."

You say you'd rather be dead, and then you end up saying something like that.

"Some good sons, some bad."

"The stronger son, the weaker son."

"I don't need all that."

"I."

"I liked my son best when he was alive."

"You, not the helpful me, the living me."

"Like you want me to be available at any time."

"Me too."

Such.

With sad words from experience.

As always.

She disappeared with a single step.





