Episode 669.





Once Luna was gone, the world began to move again.

The sky is cloudy again, and the raindrops that have stopped falling pour down to the ground.

-Shoot!

There's a dizzying cacophony of gunfire and binge drinking, and battles between monsters and allied forces are raging everywhere.

Its depth.

The final battlefield, shrouded in torrential rain.

Beyond.

It was the only one besides me who noticed the sudden change.

Suddenly, Lament and Rafelt were gone.

"You're playing tricks."

You'd think I'd pulled a fast one, since you wouldn't have noticed the world stopping.

Cloak of the Sun God and Sword of the Moon.

As an incarnation of the sun and moon, it makes sense that Luna would be able to take it away from its owner.

It's probably the most help she can give without paying such a high price that she disappears.

Or maybe she paid a price for this, but we'll never know because she didn't tell us.

Luna doesn't want me to die.

Look.

Mother.

On a topic where I called you an asshole for not getting it.

Since they swarm, they help in ways other than disappearing.

If I hadn't known the future, I would have told my mother to go away because I was going to die, and Luna would have given in to my insistence.

Then I would be dead, and so would Ellen.

If they had stayed put, Luna would have solved everything and disappeared, and Ellen would have lost her mother.

I choose the third option.

Without even accepting the transaction.

Luna doesn't even take the hand that is outstretched to her.

It will do it somehow.

So I told him to back off.

The result.

Luna isn't gone, and the two holy objects that made Ellen the most powerful person in the world are gone.

Voidblade's absolute offense.

Lapelt's absolute defense.

We lost two.

And I still have two holy relics.

It would have noticed that the two holy objects that had suddenly disappeared did not respond to its will.

The warrior has lost his holy relic.

So, maybe now you can be an opponent.

And Luna said.

that they won't help anymore.

The cost of refusing an incarnation's favor is high.

She really won't help you any further than that.

If you've come this far and lost, you might as well be dead.

Absolute offense.

Absolute defense.

They're gone.

They are not equivalent.

Because I still have two holy relics.

Now, on the contrary, the conditions on my end are good.

If you still lose.

If this fails.

Yes.

In Luna's words.

I'd rather die.

-Rumble

Somewhere on a battlefield far, far away, a thunderclap rises.

-shootaaaaa

From the great pit where the rain puddles, it looks at me, bereft of its holy object.

"If the holy relics are gone, it must mean the gods have abandoned us."

"It means the gods want you to win."

"They want our deaths to be forgotten as they are."

"Yeah......."

"If so, we will reject the gods."

It doesn't scream at you to return the missing holy relic.

If you feel abandoned by God, say that you will no longer seek God's name.

It moves slowly.

-sigh

There was something among the ruins that I couldn't tell if it was the remains of a broken building or something else.

It picks up something sticking out of that corner.

It was a rusted sword, unrecognizable as to who it belonged to, and even more unrecognizable as a half-broken hilt.

It was an ugly sword that couldn't have been very good quality even when it wasn't rusted.

Probably the sword of someone who fought here a long time ago, when the Diane's Gate debacle broke out.

The corners of its mouth curl up into a smile for the first time.

That's obvious.

It was a smile.

"Rather....... good."

Ellen is holding the broken sword and laughing.

"It's not a holy grail."

"The sword of a nameless man, swept away in your stories."

"A trampled, broken weapon."

"Rather, I am worthy to pierce your heart."

The sword of the trampled, of those who are nothing.

The swords, spears, and bows of such men, lying abandoned in the world.

It may not be the most powerful weapon to kill me.

A weapon that deserves to kill me.

A grayish aura begins to grow around the broken sword.

-gooooooo

The weapon's ominous gray aura begins to smolder and smoulder in the form of death.

A weapon of nothing.

Rather, it's that old sword that looks like it might break if you hit it.

Something in that sword.

Something neither magical nor divine.

The sum total of hate, anger, and despair.

That would be, obviously, resentment.

"Behold the devil."

"Can our resentment reach your heart."

"We're curious too."

Can you really call that a weak weapon?

Rather, it's the weakest thing in the world.

The most dangerous thing in the world.

The saddest thing in the world.

Isn't that a weapon?



* * *



As many people have died since the Gate, there must have been countless moments when they were forced to fight monsters with nothing but swords and spears.

There will be as many broken weapons as there are dead.

How many times have the powerless been forced to fight with powerless weapons.

How many others fell without weapons.

As if all those weapons had been put together and refined, the Sword of Resentment exuded a dangerous aura.

The moment the sword struck Alsbringer.

-Quack!

"K......gh!"

I felt an indescribable pain.

Not in the flesh, but in the soul.

It was the exact same kind of pain I felt when the spirits entered my soul to consume me.

The mere clash of sword against sword is enough to tear one's brain to shreds.

It smiles at me as I back away in a cold sweat.

Like a Voidblade, it's not a weapon that if you misplace it, you'll die on the spot.

But the unearthly power of that sword inflicts ghastly pain without ever touching me.

It was the same kind of pain I felt when my soul was about to be consumed.

Fear and pain that you never want to relive again.

It feels like it's just one swipe away.

"Heh...... billion.......1"

Physical wounds can be regenerated by Tiamata's divine power.

But the pain inflicted on the soul is cumulative.

It can't be healed.

If the Voidblade is a weapon that can kill me at any time, that's a weapon that can mow me down.

It's not sharp, but it attacks different parts of the body.

When it took over my body, I experienced several comas.

It's not as powerful a weapon as a Voidblade, but the moment you get dizzy, a huge gap opens up.

-Quang!

-Kaahhhhh!

The broken sword doesn't pierce my Auror armor, but it sends a powerful shock of its own, an ache in my brain that threatens to tear my soul apart.

-Bam!

"Cr......gh!"

And not just a weapon, Ellen's body is a weapon in itself.

You can tear monsters apart with your bare hands, even when you have no weapons at all.

It's not that the conditions have gotten worse, it's just that we can now attack them spiritually in addition to physically.

If anything, they've taken the holy relic away from him, forcing him to seek out more dangerous weapons.

Excuses are lame.

Already now, the future is different.

Luna was as helpful as she could be.

Importantly, it found the other weapons, but not the other shields.

That's important.

"Flame."

-Currrrr!

With a word of determination, a massive shockwave of flame erupts from the flames of the pyre and explodes at Ellen's feet as she lunges for me.

-Quack!

But, as if she knew before the sparks flew, Ellen ducks out of the way and lunges at me as I bounce back.

The water vapor from the explosive evaporation of the standing water was trying to block his view, but his reflexes hadn't changed.

I can't see it, but it's there, like it already knows, cutting through the vapor to get to me.

-Ka-ching!

"Ugh......!"

Just the thought of crossing swords is enough to tear your mind apart.

First.

My immobility was disturbed.

The aurors on the Tiamata and the auror armor protecting my body are disrupted.

Very briefly.

"......!"

-skuck!

But in that split second, the broken sword slashed halfway across the nape of his neck.

The good news is that my distraction was brief.

-Bang!

I managed to close the distance, kicking Ellen as she tried to land the decisive blow.

Tiamata heals your bleeding nape.

A little deeper and you're dead.

No, it's already deep enough that I think I've cut an artery.

The sword disturbs my will. For a moment, I am incapacitated.

If it weren't for my specialized training in Rizaira, I might have lost my mind the first time I clashed with that sword.

No, they would have been devoured by those spirits before they could get here in the first place.

My fingertips tremble.

Voidblade is dangerous in a different sense.

That broken sword literally attacks me.

The longer the battle goes on, the more your mind will break down.

The moment you pass out, it's all over.

-Kaduk! kang! Kaang!

As the onslaught continues, a soul-crushing pain overtakes my body.

Beyond the physical limitations of a broken sword, it deflects and returns every attack I make.

"@Huck....... 허....... 허억......."

Only after dozens of back-and-forths do they realize it.

Voidblade is not the problem.

The sun's cloak is not the problem.

A broken sword is not the problem.

I've crossed swords time and time again.

Days, weeks, months.

There were times when I was up all night.

The demons may be in control of Ellen's body, but it's still Ellen I'm dealing with.

She fights against her will, but in her own way.

That's the problem.

It's like fighting in a dream.

I learned the sword from Ellen.

So not only does Ellen know everything I know about swords, she's always been ahead of me.

How to slash.

How to stab.

How to measure the distance, and how to close it.

How to use squares.

How to use articulators.

How to write a counter.

How to reverse a counter.

I learned all of this from Ellen.

Of course, Ellen, who taught it to me, did everything incomparably better than I did.

Now, I have to fight the person who taught me everything I know.

Without being able to surpass the Master, you must fight the Master.

He's even holding a broken sword.

You can't win with a holy relic.

-kakak!

Ellen rushes over and strikes again, this time with an honest slash from top to bottom.

When the sword is held at an angle and about to shed.

-Bam!

"Big......!"

I was sent flying, not by the sword, but by the speed of my rush, by an upwardly thrusting knee.

I rolled on the ground a few times in a fit of gut-wrenching agony.

You fall into a puddle, roll a few times, and finally manage to get up.

He drew the eye upward, pretending to strike, but actually putting no pressure on the sword at all.

Reads everything about me.

I know all too well what I'm weak at.

Ellen can't lose to me even if she wanted to because I taught her everything.

Ellen Artorius is my nemesis.

In return for Ellen teaching me the sword, I quickly became stronger. I learned how to fight, and as such, my skills are now second to none.

But in doing so, I had become someone who, if nothing else, could never beat Ellen.

It's like the old days.

I keep getting hit, knocked down, and rolled over.

But I don't feel nostalgic.

The only reason I don't die is because of Tiamata's divine power.

I should have died a few times already.

I was able to recover because it wasn't an absolute death sentence.

And now it's causing me irreparable mental anguish.

My vision is blurry, and I feel like I'm going to pass out.

Even sending a stream of magic through your body becomes more and more daunting.

I've gotten this far.

I don't have laments and lapelts.

And you still lose?

Can't I win this?

Or am I just weak?

Then how.

What was I supposed to do?

I thought I had done everything I could on my own.

The pain that accumulates in my mind weakens me.

Negative, self-defeating thoughts fill my mind. Even though I know these thoughts are forced upon me by the whispers of those demons.

The urge to give up and let go of everything is overwhelming.

Without that broken sword.

Then what.

Is it better?

If you're holding a really normal sword, not that bizarre one.

I mean, what difference does it make if you don't even have a weapon?

It's a fight against someone who knows everything about me.

Now it looks like Ellen could throw away her weapons and fight with her bare hands and still lose.

No, I think I'd lose more overwhelmingly if I fought without the penalty of a broken weapon.

There's no reason for your opponent to see the loser mentality creeping in.

Lightly, like a leap, Ellen rushes toward me.

You raise your sword to block the lunge, but you know it's coming.

I'm not going to be stopped this time.

My heart was broken.

Confidence in victory is not the same as winning.

But.

Conviction of defeat.

That, necessarily, results in defeat.

The moment Ellen slashed at my helplessly raised sword, I felt the pain of my soul overtake me once more.

I was completely disarmed, and the Tiamata slipped out of my hands.

-Got it!

The moment Ellen hits me, the water in the puddle splashes everywhere, creating a wild splash.

I'm going to die.

I miss the sword, and Ellen pounces on me, crushing me.

You can't run away from it because it's got you all tangled up.

I know.

Simple.

I've fallen victim to this time and time again.

As he rushes at me, he sheds his sword, sending his entire body flying and crushing me.

Looking me up and down.

With a sword pointed at my throat.

Always.

"It's dead."

Yes.

Always.

Like this.

I said.





