Episode 673.





-shootaaaaa

It was still raining.

Antirrhinus's expression had already hardened.

"There you go again."

I watched as Ludwig withstood the torrent of souls this time, staggered, and somehow got up.

The dark flame that had been burning in his right arm was already extinguished, and though he was drooling at the corners of his mouth, Ludwig was rising to his feet again, as if he could not be knocked down by something that could not actually kill him.

The average person endures an onslaught of these demons that should cause reason to collapse at the mere touch.

Even the devil is stunned by it, but Ludwig grits his teeth and gets up, knowing he's being played.

Only to stall for time.

You know you're not worth the time you're spending, but you don't go down without a fight.

Is there such a thing as a soul of steel?

Is there such a thing as an unbreakable human being?

Once again.

A torrent of spirits washes over Ludwig.

-Currrrr!

Ludwig, who had been screaming at the top of his lungs, was no longer screaming in agony.

That's not tolerating.

I don't even have the energy to scream anymore.

But it still happens.

This time it will fall.

For the monster, this was no longer a pastime.

If you kill this boy, who somehow manages to hold on, just because he doesn't fall, with your own hands, you lose.

Break it, stomp on it.

I wonder if I should kill the boy who can't get up anymore.

If there is such a thing as unbreakable, I want to see it with my own eyes.

If such a thing exists, I want to know it exists.

It was a curiosity that Antirrhinus had long held.

You should check to see if it breaks.

If it doesn't break, it's amazing.

If it breaks, it reaffirms the truth that existence is always swallowed up by despair.

So, now, it's actually killing it yourself that defeats the monster.

So the moment I decided to see if the boy would wake up this time.

-shhhh!

"!"

-Kwaggagang!

The dark greatsword, flying through the gusts of spirits, shattered the force field the monster had spread and grazed his right ear.

Antirrhinus' right ear disappeared in a gust of black magic.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha....... ha ha......."

In the place where the torrent of souls had ceased, there was a boy crouched, his teeth clenched, breathing hard.

"Yet, did I have enough energy left?"

I watched as the boy's face contorted in despair as his decisive, determined, but ultimately unsuccessful ambush failed.

Waiting for the monster to let its guard down, saving its last bit of energy.

It must have been the surprise of conversion.

However, I missed it.

The miraculous attack clearly succeeded in penetrating the gap, but in the end it was unable to make more than a scratch.

Antony smiles at the look on Ludwig's face as he realizes his one chance has been squandered.

The boy wasn't trying to hold on.

I had a goal in mind.

"You've got a good look on your face."

Nothing is unbreakable.

That look says it all.

"Is that right arm your hope?"

Ludwig's work was unimportant anyway, so it never reached Antony's ears.

That right arm that looks like it's been transplanted from another being.

Something sinister with dark magic.

It's probably related to immortals.

If that's what he's been holding on to for the one chance to turn the tables, that arm is everything to him.

Antirrhinus waves his hand in the air.

The sharpened blade of the wind flies.

-skuck!

"......!"

So futilely, the ground of strength that the boy had held on to through gritted teeth is cut away.

"Eek......!"

Ludwig, who has lost his arm twice, groans as he clutches his bleeding arm.

You don't have the power to turn the tables.

The bee sting on the toy has been removed.

"Now all I have to do is suffer."

-Currrrr!

A storm of spirits forms in the monster's hands, and it lunges at Ludwig.

Hope has been dashed, and now it will be broken.

Since you can't pull off the upset, all you can do is enjoy the look of despair on their faces.

But.

-curl!

"Off...... to......."

-Currrrr!

"ugh......."

"......."

"......."

No matter how much time passes.

Ludwig staggers, but manages to get to his feet.

Clutching the wound on his right arm, he paced the floor, obviously.

Stand up.

Antirrhinus's expression hardened.

That look.

It's like you're dying, but you're determined to keep getting up as long as you have the willpower.

We see Ludwig's eyes, which are constantly waking up.

That glow doesn't fade.

While writhing in pain.

Knowing that all you can do now is stall for time, and that you're just playing for fun.

A worthless enemy.

No, it keeps happening to topics that aren't even enemies.

"Why is this happening?"

"Being nothing."

"Knowing you can't do anything about it."

"Without any basis."

"Why, does it keep happening?"

Without any power.

It just keeps getting up to stall for time.

What variables do you believe will be present when the devil wakes up.

Ludwig, who has lost most of his strength to stand on his own two legs, speaks.

A boy with eyes that are fading, mumbles to himself.

"Because that's all I can do."

"Because I don't know how to do anything but this."

"This, at least, should be done......."

"I don't miss my missing right arm."

"Because it wasn't mine anyway."

"Yeah......."

"Getting up when you get knocked down."

"This was something I could do."

"It's the only thing I'm good at."

"This is all I could do."

"Stupid topics and good stamina were my only strengths."

"I kept running, I kept grabbing my sword, I thought if I did something, something would happen. I did......."

"In the end, it couldn't be anything."

"I could only become something by attaching someone else's arm to it."

"Yeah....... I'm nothing."

"I have no power."

"This must be what I really look like......."

"You can kill me anytime, but if you're keeping me alive because it's fun to do this......."

"Do more, do something."

"As long as I can, it's going to keep happening......."

"Just a little longer, play with me......."

"It's going to keep happening."

"It's the only thing I'm good at."

As if fear, despair, and pain would never break his resolve, he would continue to get up, only to buy time.

For the first time in his life, Antirrhinus felt a strange emotion.

That is.

It was offensive.

What is unbreakable.

I wanted to see it.

However, when faced with an actual unbreakable human being, Antirrhinus felt an unbearable discomfort.

Maybe this stupid.

While being well aware of your own insignificance.

Presumptuously, don't fall down.

Antirrhinus felt.

That one won't fall down.

You'd rather faint from blood loss.

It will continue to rise as long as it has the will, and if it collapses from blood loss, Antony will taste it.

Overwhelming sense of defeat.

If you reach the limits of your body and lose consciousness without being broken, you will only realize that you failed to break an unbreakable human being.

Ludwig's fading eyes tell the tale.

That he would soon lose consciousness, not from a broken heart, but from blood loss.

"It's nothing."

You don't know who it is that's in front of you, but how can you blame yourself?

"This old man has lived an immeasurably long time, and has seen as many great men as lowly ones."

"Some were inscrutably strong."

"I've seen more than my fair share of noble blood behave like lesser mortals."

"immeasurable despair and."

"An immeasurable amount of hope."

"I saw it all boil down to the futility of death."

"There were many great ones, and many insignificant ones."

"But I've never met anyone as insignificant as you, and as tough as you."

"Yeah......."

"How can you not call it great?"

"You are the most uniquely great human being I have ever known."

"How can I say that you are nothing?"

The boy is not strong enough to overcome the old monster.

However, I can't seem to break it.

It cannot be broken by pain that cannot kill it.

It just keeps happening.

You know you can't do anything, but you wish you could.

Not because it's the right answer, but because the death of the demon is the absolute wrong answer.

What must be done, must be done somehow.

It was the first time I had ever encountered such determination.

"I lost."

Antirrhinus says, and this time he raises his right hand.

It held the blade of the wind, not just the power to torment and torment.

You tried to break it, but it won't break.

Take that breath, admitting defeat.

It's unbreakable, so I'm going to break it.

That was the highest praise and homage Antony could give to the nameless man before him.

-Woof!

Ludwig looks at the blade of wind in the monster's right hand.

It was a losing battle.

All I could do was get up, but even that was no longer meaningful.

The opponent has lost interest in an enemy that doesn't go down, and is about to take his life.

After you, it will be the turn of the fallen demon and Ellen.

You don't even know what's in front of you.

I don't know what's going on.

However, at the last minute, he reversed course and tried to protect the demon, but failed.

Like despair.

Like nothingness.

-shootaaaaaaaaa

Rain.

Lower.

"......."

It was a life of failure.

Not protecting anyone, not being strong, not anything.

Failure after failure, losing after losing, making bad decisions after making bad decisions, and finally losing your life.

Well, does it end in a loser's life.

I'm incompetent and stupid, and this is the only ending I'm prepared for.

On a trivial topic.

As a tough guy.

That's it.

You have the confidence not to fall, but you don't have the confidence not to break, and you don't have the means to attack the enemy in front of you.

Something like me.

You can't dream of winning.

We did our best.

That was the best we could do.

I'm sad and frustrated that this is the best I can do, but I did everything I could.

You can't ask for much more than that.

As if that wasn't enough.

Me.

That's enough for my topic.

Didn't do enough.

The moment you think that.

Ludwig couldn't help but be reminded of a conversation from long ago.

Ludwig takes a moment to look at the Demon King, stunned in the rain and unconscious with Ellen in his arms.

I admired it, I hated it, I decided to kill it.

The end is a being determined to protect.

The Devil had certainly heard that before.

It's not an exaggeration to say that the words have stuck to his back.

It was the middle of the night before the semifinals of the Temple Tournament.

Sensing defeat, Ludwig asked Reinhard.

"Reinhard, I have a question for you.

"What is it.

"You've been fighting even though you know you're going to lose, right?

"...... did.

"But, you won them all.

The Demon King, who always fought recklessly, was actually weak, not hiding his strength.

It hid its identity, but not its power.

I don't mean weak, I mean really weak.

It was nothing.

On that topic, I've always fought an impossible battle.

I went into the fight knowing it was Jiri.

But we've always won.

"How do you think that could have happened?

Ludwig wondered about that.

Why fight when you know you're going to lose.

And how the heck I got through it.

"You have to believe.

"You believe?

"Yes.

Obviously.

I've heard it said.

"You're going to lose, but you're going to lose, and you have to believe.

"You can win?

"Yes.

In every fight where you expect to lose, you lose.

"I'm going to win at all costs, and I have to believe I'm going to win.

"What if I still lose?

"What does it matter?

The devil denied Ludwig's mindset.

"I'm going to lose, but I'm going to do my best" is like a ready-made excuse for defeat: "But I tried, so I'll do better next time." Isn't it setting yourself up for defeat, giving yourself an escape hatch?

Saying you've done your best is just making excuses for yourself.

It's the same now.

The moment I think my best is good enough, that's where it ends.

You're already done with yourself.

The Devil said.

It's not about making excuses to lose, it's about making resolutions to win.

Then, just in case.

Just in case.

Just in case there are other results.

Once again, the devil has gained something from an impossible fight and an impossible resolve.

Demon King, who has always come out on top in such fights, proved himself once again.

Who the hell is that.

Can you say for sure that you can't achieve that victory?

Why am I giving up.

You've done your best.

That's my limit.

Why accept death gracefully.

Rather than continue to lose and end up as a nobody who can't do anything.

But only once.

You want one win.

I want to win just once.

It's not dead yet.

Life isn't over until you stop breathing completely.

I lost my right arm, which gave me indescribable strength.

But you still have a body.

Your legs are wobbly, you don't have the strength to stand, and your consciousness is fading.

Still, I figured there had to be a drop of power in there somewhere.

If death is coming.

I'm not going to blindly wait for death.

I can't reach it, but I'm going to try.

Because that's what got Ludwig through all those days when he fell asleep exhausted, when he kept failing and losing.

Not giving up.

Moving forward to the point of ignorance.

Ludwig finally realizes that it was his only weapon, his most absolute weapon.

So before the blade of death approaches, you take a step forward.

-Woof!

Strengthen your physical body by drawing on any magic that may have been lying dormant in a corner somewhere.

It was an enemy that even an implanted Grandmaster's arm couldn't take down.

If death is coming, you should at least try to fight it.

No means no, but I always walked forward, just in case.

With the intention of fulfilling a lifelong obsession to the last.

"You're trying to fight......."

The old monster's expression goes beyond displeasure.

It was a wonder.

Shrouded in a pale blue enchantment, a boy who shouldn't have the strength to move a finger takes a step forward.

It's not much, but it has staying power.

Even if it's a light that looks like it's about to go out.

It's definitely light.

A little bit of light drives out a little bit of darkness.

It gives strength to the weak flesh.

"Yeah. Let's fight."

If it's a fight you're going to die in anyway.

If an enemy you can't resist is trying to kill you.

It's scary.

It's hopeless.

If this dies, so does that.

-Woof!

"And, if you fight."

Why not turn a mental milestone into a victory?

"Victory, I hope."

Even if playing to win doesn't bring you victory.

"So......."

Why stay broken and resigned and wait for death.

and wishes.

"I."

A winning formula for victory.

"Null."

In this spot.

"Win."

Ora.

-Currrrrr!

The part of the sky that used to be the dark clouds opened up.

A beam of golden light strikes the earth.

-Kugugugung!

Something slammed into Ludwig's face with a fierce shockwave.

That's obvious.

It was shaped like a spear.

"Oh....... It's......."

The old monster stares in disbelief at the spear, which appears from the sky in a flash of light.

It has always been the weapon of the lowly.

The easiest form and.

This is the most lethal form.

It's always been the underdog's weapon.

Concise form and concise end of day.

That straight line is the most deadly of all.

It's what a weapon for the weak should look like, when the weak try to fight back against what they can't fight back against.

The old monster knows the name of such a weapon.

Weapons of the underdog.

Reliquary of Courage.

Holy Spear.

"Alixion ......."

Apparently, it had a name like that.





