Episode 679.





Terrace on the third floor of the Tetra of the Central Palace.

Despite the chaos that will ensue, the uproar does not reach the Central Palace.

Harriet and I were having tea for the first time in a very long time.

"Hah....... I still don't get it, I don't even know what it is......."

Just as Olivia felt like she was about to collapse, so did Harriet, and she sighed deeply.

With that said, Herriot did some magic and saved us an astronomical amount of money and time.

Indeed, his magic has destroyed countless monsters and protected countless people.

If you were to line up the greatest wizards of all time, Heriot would be at the top of the list.

Over time, that will happen.

Virtually all of the judgment will be hers from here on out. I'm in the position of deciding whether to approve them or not.

During the war, we were the busiest, but now Charlotte will be the busiest.

Herriot may be a brilliant mind, but he's not very good at politics.

Neither I nor Herriot's powers should be used anymore. Of course, once the situation stabilizes, we'll need to build a new warp gate, so Heriot will have to step up to the plate again.

In many ways, Herriot has become indispensable.

Harriet crosses her arms and looks out the window.

Where was the arrogance and contempt in his eyes?

Now it's full of worry and depth. Worry and fear about what's to come and what's already happened.

I don't know how long it's been since I've had tea.

Herriot's eyes seemed to soften.

I don't even know what you're thinking.

"Reinhardt."

Suddenly, Harriet called out to me.

"......?"

"We need to talk."

In that one word.

It sent a chill down my spine.

"Uh, ugh....... Uhhh......."

I got up from my hip dancing position as I watched Harriet get out of her seat.

Something.

Something.

That thing about needing to talk.......

I'm so fucking scared!

We were talking about it, but now that I'm asking to talk about it, I'm losing my mind!

We're talking about something other than this, right?

I followed behind Harriet as she walked off into the distance, trembling with an unidentifiable fear.



* * *



Shouldn't we have just talked about it where we were sitting?

Herriot took me to a doorway somewhere, flung it open, looked around, and motioned for me to come in.

We don't know who it belonged to, but it was a bedroom.

It wasn't the emperor's bedchamber, where I'd been staying ever since I entered Tetra.

It was one of those rooms that was empty, just like so many other rooms were empty.

-Dalcock

Then, when I walked in, she closed the door and locked it behind me.

There.......

You know what?

Why lock it?

She stares at me, blocking the doorway and leaning back against it, as if to make sure I can't get away.

"......."

And Herriot stares at me, still and terrified.

Let's talk.

I realized that those few words were more terrifying than any declaration of war in the world.

Is there a problem?

Did I do something wrong?

What to do?

I've been racking my brain lately, trying to figure out if I've done something wrong, if I've done anything to make it worse, but I can't figure it out.

The list of things I've done to make you feel bad is endless.

I should have taken care of you, but I didn't.

It's not that I didn't do anything wrong, it's just that I did so many things wrong that I can't figure it out.

My heart is pounding.

"......Scared?"

"Uh......?"

She asks if I read that in my expression.

Scary.

Of course not.

I can't count the number of times I've been scared in my life.

I don't think I've ever felt such an unidentifiable sense of dread as I did today.

I don't even know why I should be scared, I'm just scared.

No, not scary, but something.

Squeezed.

Squashed.

If I did something wrong, can't you tell me what I did wrong?

I'm confident on my knees!

Once you're on your knees for doing something wrong, they're going to ask you what you did wrong!

My history of wrongdoing is almost like building a castle, so when the words start spewing out of my mouth, I don't know where to start!

"You're not going to answer?"

Herriot asks quietly.

What's wrong.......

You don't, and then all of a sudden you're like, "What's wrong?

Isn't this what I used to do when I was in Temple, when I was picking on other kids?

"Mmm, scary....... I'm scared......."

As Herriot prodded me for an answer, I could only nod in disbelief.

When I admit to being scared, she shakes her head.

"Why are you scared?"

It's crazy.

I'm losing my mind!

"Well, you....... I don't usually do this......."

At some point, it became impossible to go any harder than that on him!

I have a lot to be sorry for, and a lot to be thankful for.

So.

So.......

"I can't do this?"

"No....... Why not......."

Herriot walks over to me with a coy smile.

As it approached, I had no choice but to step back and flop down on the bed.

Herriot looks at me, crouched, from top to bottom.

With a coy smile.

"Are you afraid of being yelled at by me?"

I'm in trouble.

It's cute to say, but it's scary to think about.

The only time she's ever been annoyed, appalled, or angry with me was at the beginning of our freshman year, when we hadn't gotten to know each other yet.

It's not like I'm not angry.

From one day to the next, he always understood me, always accepted me, always did something for me.

The thought of her getting angry and pointing out all the things I've been doing wrong makes my eyes glaze over.

I don't even know what to say to apologize.

"Uh....... I'm scared."

So I could only shake my head in disbelief.

If he comes out like that, I might actually bite my tongue and die.

Herriot asks again.

"It's not like anything is going to happen to me if I get yelled at, so why are you scared?"

I think I'm the only one who's serious about this.

What the hell are you trying to say?

Getting yelled at doesn't mean anything is wrong.

but.......

Scary stuff.

Or someone who wasn't angry gets angry.

Something like that.

If someone who is absolutely nothing gets mad at me, that's none of my business, but.......

"Because you are."

Because you're not a nobody.

Because you can't.

It's understandably scary when someone like that gets angry.

I liked the words that came out of my mouth.

Harriet straddles me on the bed.

She leans in close to me, almost nose to nose, and looks me in the eye.

No come on......!

But his actions and words couldn't have been more different.

"I've been away from my family for too long."

"It was......, not......."

"So, now that I'm almost done, I'm going to go to......."

Herriot glances out the window for a moment.

"I want to go back to the duchy for a few years, and you don't need me right now."

The words felt like a stone dropped in my heart.

I get it.

Obviously, you know what I mean.

You can't help but feel that way.

I know that Harriet really loves her family and misses them.

So suddenly?

Not for a moment, but for years?

Herriot asks.

"Can I do that?"

"......."

It's already done a lot for us.

They've done so much for me that I can't thank them enough.

And what Herriot did for me, no one else could have done for me, except Herriot.

You can't ask for more than that.

I wonder if I've gone too far.

It's not like we're going to go away forever.

I'll be back whenever you need me.

It's not going to be the way it is now, beside me, closest to me, taking it for granted.

It was always within reach.

He was always there to talk, and he took it for granted.

The first to hear me talk, the first to see me struggle.

I'm not going to live like I have in the past.

Can I do that?

You're not trying to punish me.

It's asking for permission.

Herriot was saying goodbye, so close we could feel each other's breath.

Herriot asks.

"No?"

Of course not.

That is.

I hate it.

I don't think it's fair to ask for more than that, and to take it for granted that you'll stay by my side.

But eventually.

"No......, of course."

It's pathetic that that's the only answer I came up with.

It was an acknowledgment of something.

Herriot laughs at my answer.

It was the first time I'd ever seen him laugh like that, and I wondered if it was possible.

Herriot leans in a little closer to me.

And before I can say anything else, Harriet presses her lips to mine.

I don't know how long we stood there, talking to each other, feeling like we were about to lose our minds.





Herriot moves away from me.

He looks at me and smiles.

"I actually knew that."

"What......?"

He smiles and whispers, quietly, in my ear.

"If I do this....... you won't be able to push me away."

"I've noticed from the way you fidget when I say something a little too hard."

"Sometimes I wonder if they're doing this because they're sorry."

"I don't mean to sound like I'm sorry. I knew that at some point."

"I've always known how to do it."

"But....... because that's cowardly."

"Because it's cheesy."

"So I didn't."

"But....... I'm not going to do that forever."

"Now I'm going to be cowardly and cheesy."

"I'm going to do it my way."

I don't understand what the hell Herriot is talking about.

"Marry me."

Harriet whispers in my ear.

"Otherwise, I'll never see you again."

Did knowing what to say mean saying it?

Marriage.

When I say that, it makes me feel weird.

Tell me you're getting married or I'll leave.

Is that....... Is that a threat from this guy?

"Well, by the way......."

"No way, no way?"

Herriot's expression changes.

No, not that.

Not like or not.

"......Weren't you going to do that?"

"......?"

Herriot is visibly flustered by my words.

"No, then....... you weren't going to?"

For a moment, I was scared to leave.

If anything, it's embarrassing on my part.

"Of course I do."

At my words, Harriet's face begins to widen as if she doesn't understand the situation.

Marriage.

Isn't that what you're supposed to do?

"That, that....... That, that....... such....... Was that......?"

I don't know what you were thinking, but were you thinking that maybe you wouldn't do it?

Her lips quivered as she listened to this answer to the words she had spoken with so much intent.

As if we hadn't already forgotten about our brazen behavior.

"Of course I do. I should."

"Uh, ah....... Uh, yeah......."

Her face flushes at my assertion.

Our paktong.

Gearco.

You.

This bastard crawls.

It makes me say things like.

You're making me say more shitty things.

"And....... I hate to say this, but......."

"......?"

"Would you like me to share that....... only with you......?"

Pacton's face tightens as he realizes that it's not quite what he imagined.

"You, you and....... He....... with Charlotte....... And with Olivia's sister....... with Olivia's sister?"

Of course!

Emperor!

Marriage is supposed to create power where none exists.

You may need to do more than that!

It's not my choice to do it or not to do it. It's what I'm supposed to do!

Now it's even weirder if you don't!

"Oh....... Well, yeah....... That....... It's a story....... Yeah....... That's right......."

Herriot nods, dumbfounded.

Then, gradually, his expression turned cold.

The bottom line is that it's bullshit.

In front of a guy who wants to marry you.

Yeah, I'll do it with you and I'll do it with other people.

That's what I said.

Eventually, Herriot, who is on top of me, gets a look of frustration on his face.

And then eventually.

-Bam!

"to...... to......."

It starts to choke me.

"Oh, it's......! You, you, I hate you!"

Tears eventually form in the corners of his eyes.

"I hate you the most in the world!"

I had ten mouths to feed, but I couldn't think of anything to say, so I had to strangle myself.

"Well, then, fuck me first, fuck me first, you piece of shit!"

Herriot screamed at the top of his lungs that if he didn't do it, he'd die on the spot.





