Episode 681.





Louise von Schwarz remained in the imperial court as a key figure in the demon army.

She needs to get back home as soon as possible, but as a key member of the Demon King's army, she needs to learn everything she can about the palace.

Louise stares at Reinhardt, frozen, as he sits in his chair.

It's a long time in terms of cooperation, but Louise has only communicated with the demon through Rowen, and they don't actually know each other.

The first time I saw him face to face was at a meeting of the General Staff, just before the Allied withdrawal.

We've seen each other a few times since I entered the palace, but this is the first time we've met in person, and the first time we've had a conversation.

Despite being a very important and close collaborator, Louise was a complete stranger to Ma Wang.

Heinrich would know better.

"This is the first time we've met."

"That's right......."

Looking at the frozen demon, Louise shakes her head.

"Why don't you make it easy on yourself, you're about to become emperor of an entire continent, and I'm obviously in your service."

Louise only said that because she thought Reinhardt was being wary of her because he considered her his friend's big sister.

A being who stands above everyone shouldn't have to freeze like this just because the other person is a little older.

The tales of demons that Heinrich had heard from the mouths of men were in fact a bit distorted.

His restlessness is quite comical for a bully, and if he's like this, the future of his new empire is in doubt.

I don't know about Rowen, but Louise has no ill will toward the Devil.

He was the one who tried to save Heinrich from certain death, so he deserves our gratitude.

And now that we're here after the gate debacle, I have to say, it's great.

But what is it that is making me so anxious?

I couldn't figure out why.

Despite what you may have heard, the devil is actually quite fragile.

Louise wondered if she should revise her judgment.

After much hemming and hawing, the demon finally speaks.

"That...... is."

"......that?"

"Yes....... That....... I have something to tell you......."

If I'm being honest, I'm tempted to scream at him to just talk.

That moment when you realize that the would-be emperor is so small, and that this empire is so unnerving.

"Get married......."

For Louise, that one word summed up the whole situation.

Louise wondered why the demon was so frozen.

Why I'm mumbling.

The moment I heard the story, which somehow managed to get out, I knew.

Louise stares at the demon in silence.

It didn't take much thought.

New empires are never solid.

That's why you need to ally with a lot of groups and build a foundation, sometimes underfoot.

So it's better to have more than an alliance with the Schwarzes, the first imperial family.

And as the heir to the House of Schwarz, it is imperative that you become involved with the new empire.

For a new empire.

For the continuation of the royal family.

This choice would separate Louise, the would-be Imperial, from the Schwarzes, and thus confirm Heinrich's succession to the Schwarzes.

You join the Empire for a good and solid reason.

And so, for the right and only reason, Heinrich is crowned King of Cernstadt.

It's so easy to do things you've always imagined, but never knew how to do.

For her, it's not just good, it's the right thing to do.

"It's necessary, so there's no reason not to do it."

Louise said, and nodded.

"Thank you."

Louise's hand was outstretched in a very businesslike manner, and the Demon King clasped it with a dumbfounded expression.

"I, he, I, I, I want you to do better!"

For a moment, Louise stares at the demon with wide eyes, wondering what the hell is going on.

She takes a deep breath.

Even if it's the right thing to do, there are things they need to know.

"But there's something the Devil needs to know."

"ah......."

"That's Heinrich's job."

The Demon King swallows hard, and nods with a stony expression.

"Well, you know....... there."

"Oh....... I see."

Louise said nothing more.



* * *



I wonder if this is what it feels like to have your soul sucked out.

No, I think broken is the right word.

"......You really did that."

When I told her I'd accomplished my mission, Charlotte's eyes widened and she covered her mouth in disbelief.

"You told me to......!"

"I didn't think you'd actually do it. How brazen are you?"

This.

This!

If you ask me to do something and I don't do it, what am I?

If nothing else.

If nothing else!

I can't believe I get to do this crazy stuff.......

What the hell is an emperor?

I don't want to do it! I'm already driving myself crazy not wanting to do it!

"So, did you accept?"

"...... He didn't even bother."

Get married.

Quite a bit of it, too.

Even people you never thought you'd meet.

I wonder if I'll have to do more marriages like this in the future.

While I agree with Charlotte that for people like me, marriage is work.

It's like, you know, I ended up marrying everybody.

I knew it was going to happen at some point, but now that it's suddenly right around the corner, it's crazy.

I'm so scared.

What happens to me in the future?

I'm already dizzy, how much more dizzy can I get?

"Don't worry, I'll take care of the arrangements."

Charlotte said she'd take care of scheduling and other issues.

Somehow.

He's enjoying tormenting me.

Charlotte looks at me and giggles.

I'm feeling a little spiteful this morning.

"So, we're down to the last hurdle, right?"

"Last......? Any more......?"

"No, that's all you need to marry for now, but it's polite......."

Charlotte walks over to me with a wicked grin on her face and whispers quietly in my ear.

"But as a matter of courtesy, Heinrich, you should tell him yourself, shouldn't you?"

"Uhhh......?"

"You're not supposed to tell me you're marrying your mom."

"!!!!!"

He bit his tongue, but unfortunately, he didn't die.



* * *



Since the massive return of the Allies, all of the Temple veterans have returned to Temple, and Heinrich is no exception.

The entire continent was a boiling cauldron as the events of the end of the Gate War and its aftermath spread across the ecliptic, and the Temple was no exception.

Anxiety, despair, fear, and a glimmer of hope.

It's a mix of things, and I think we're all trying to find our way through an uncertain future and an uneasy reality.

So I called Heinrich to the imperial court.

Not in the bedroom or parlor of the Central Palace Tetra, but in the garden in front of the Tetra.

Without a single escort.

"Does ...... mean I have to call you Emperor now?"

Arriving at my summons, Heinrich gave me a dubious look.

"No....... Just....... Do what you're doing."

"What's wrong with you? What's wrong with your face?" I don't care. On the contrary, you're just getting started, so it's understandable. I don't think there's anything I can do for you now that I'm all superpowers. Is there something you need me to do?"

"No, that's not necessary. I have something to tell you......."

I feel like throwing up.

I want to die.

I tried to figure out how to break my luck, but the answer was nowhere to be found.

There shouldn't be an answer to this.

I scramble off the bench and walk over to Heinrich.

Then grab him by the shoulders.

I mean, what else is there to do but just say it!

"I'm getting married."

"......?"

The bold declaration made Heinrich shake his head.

"Uh, what....... Congratulations. With who? Harriet? Charlotte? Sister Saint? Maybe....... All three......?"

"......."

If only moods could kill people.

Maybe right now.



* * *



-Currrrr!

"Look at that, look at that! Herriot!"

"Ugh....... Oh, no......!"

Charlotte dragged Harriet, who didn't want to look at Hansako, to the window to watch the random explosion of fireworks in the garden in front of the Tetra.

We don't get to hear the conversation, but we do see a red-faced Heinrich, clearly intent on killing Reinhardt.

-Lord, die, die, you son of a bitch!

Heinrich's cries of outrage could be heard from the windows of the Tetra.

"Dangerous....... No?"

"It's okay, I'm not going to die from that."

"You are the real......."

A war hero went on a rampage to kill an emperor, and few people saw the spectacle firsthand.

"Ugh, that's going to burn the grass. What am I going to do?"

"This is not the time to talk about that!"

Charlotte giggled at the sight.

We're all broken, and Charlotte is one of those broken people.

Eventually, the uninformed storyteller himself noticed the commotion and personally restrained Heinrich.



* * *



Heinrich was eventually dragged away by Ruiz.

My stomach is still in knots.

The hairs on the back of my neck stand on end as I realize what can happen when a tease who can't handle a campfire tries to kill me.

Tetra's second floor.

After the dust settled, I was having a cup of tea when a clueless Riana grabbed me and asked me what was going on.

"......a."

After hearing the whole story, Riana nodded shakily.

It was obviously a bizarre situation that even Rianamazer, who would normally be laughing his ass off, was forced to make such a face.

"But what....... I don't know if it's necessary or not, but it's a necessary thing......."

I don't think we can say that Charlotte was obviously malicious, but even if she wasn't, it's clear that this would have happened.

Of the nations with spare capacity, the first is obviously the Empire, and the second is Cernstadt.

When the two factions combine, there is virtually no force that can stand against the New Empire.

So in terms of strengthening that bond, I think she realizes that it's a necessity.

It's just a little harder to accept.

"By the way, does that mean....... five people at once?"

"......Yes."

Harriet, Charlotte, Olivia, Airi, and Louise.

You must marry five people at once.

As she stared at her fingers, Riana suddenly pointed in her direction.

"What about me?"

"What?"

"Why am I not in there?"

No.

What are you doing?

You can use that.......

You guessed it!

Riana narrows her brow in displeasure.

"I'm married to this new guy's mom, and I'm done with honeydew, so I don't need it, is that it, is that sad?"

"What the hell, and don't put it like that......!"

"Then what do you call that?"

"But......!"

It's too wordy!

I'm already dizzy, and you're trying to make me even dizzyer?

"By the way, I didn't mean to imply that I wouldn't do it if you said you had to marry me."

"Stop, stop....... Stop."

"Well, I don't like the idea of being a concubine, waiting for a bunch of emperors and having visits that don't happen, or being looked at."

That would be too boring, Riana says, and sips her tea.

"Actually, I don't have any superpowers, so I don't have much of a political advantage."

The power of the House of Granz, a great noble family that spanned the entire continent, was lost with the death of Duke Granz, the flight of Riana, and the events of the Gate.

But maybe you're a superhero who can hold the world in your hands and shake it.

Charlotte didn't force her marriage to Riana because there was no political advantage to be gained from it.

Of course, I'd do it if I could, so that's the problem.

No.

But why is it my marriage and Charlotte's to decide?

Why am I doing what I'm told to do?

Isn't that what it is, a puppet emperor?

Is this right?

Riana sips her tea and looks out the window.

"But I don't have to be your wife to help you."

You said you'd continue to play the Four Horsemen.

Riana giggled.

Yes.

That's about the right distance for him and me.

That's why some things are good.





