Episode 684.





"Are you ready?"

"Of course."

In response, Charlotte looks at Reinhardt with a lukewarm expression.

"I'm going to ask you again because my idea of ready is not the same as your idea of ready. Are you ready?"

"That's it?"

It's still ugly.

I've checked my outfit and my hair is in order.

So you can just walk away.

But it was always about something other than the outfit.

Finally, Charlotte inspects the Emperor's attire and puts her arms around his waist.

"You know, you're still getting in trouble with us for that wedding crap, right?"

"......Uh, I know."

The Emperor was trying to move things along quickly, but I was still scratching my head from the unhappy wedding.

Herriot still gets a kick out of it, especially when it comes to weddings.

"If you don't want to make that one more thing, good for you."

"Okay......."

"I agree with your usual point that a speech doesn't have to be long, but it doesn't have to be a dog. Yours is, obviously, a dog."

"I'll be good......."

"You say you're good with words, all the time."

"I'll be really good this time......."

"Because I hear about that all the time."

Even after being scolded, I still end up talking crap in front of people.

The emperor's habit of owing a thousand yuan for a single misspoken word has not yet been cured.

"......then can't you do it?"

"What?"

"Oh, of course I should do it, uh!"

The Emperor, sensing death in his gaze alone, shook his head.

The emperor then scratched his head until he was ready, or to be more precise, until he was about to start.

And so, after a labor of love.

-Dalcock

The door to the anteroom opened, and a red-haired knight entered the room.

"Your Majesty, it's time."

"Oh, right."

The Emperor's knight Scarlet led the way, followed by the Emperor himself.

Charlotte's glare followed, as if she wanted to see how I did it.



* * *



Thousands of people stood nervously in the temple's huge plaza.

The first thing the Empire did was reopen the temple.

Although not as large as it once was due to the absolute decline in human numbers, Temple received a tremendous number of new students.

It doesn't have the same benefits, but it's also not the astronomical tuition that it used to be.

The temple is up and running.

That should be enough.

As the Empire no longer belongs to the Imperial House of Gradias, the Temple is no longer called the Gradias Temple.

A temple is a temple is a temple, and the emperor didn't bother prefixing it with any other modifiers.

Just like that.

Elementary to Elementary, Secondary to Secondary, and High School to High School.

And it's not just humans anymore.

There were definitely demons, albeit in small numbers.

Some demons are as close to human form as you can get, while others are a bit stranger.

All beings who are educated and have the intellect to understand can be admitted to the Temple.

Demons have been mixing in the ecliptic for a long time, so the sight isn't unique to temples.

But, of course, it's not without its detractors.

Just like that.

In the plaza, where an eclectic mix of incoming students gathered, all eyes were on one place.

The place where the emperor will appear.

A huge horn blows, and a tune begins to play, announcing the emperor's arrival.

The voice of an imperial mage in a social role rings out.

Some worship him.

Some fear him.

Some people hate him.

"Now."

"The agent of the gods."

"Lord of the Holy Empire."

"Conqueror of the Empire of Gradias."

"Founder of the Magical Council."

"Protector of the Autonomous Territory of Mankind."

"The end of the gate debacle."

"Archdemon."

"Because."

"Lord of all the demons of the world."

"The rightful ruler of all mankind."

"Also the Savior of the world."

"Mushin."

"Undefeated (不敗)."

"Immortality."

"Demon of Flame."

"Reinhard the Great is entering."

Reinhardt the Great.

That's the emperor's name.

The continental emperor appears before the people.

No fancy coffins, no halls.

The solemnly dressed Emperor stands on a dais, looking down at the assembled crowd. Behind him, Scarlet, the Emperor's bodyguard, stands erect.

The commencement address for Temple's incoming freshmen is an annual tradition.

Every time he has stood in this position, the Emperor has been met with a look that means one thing or another.

Hatred.

Envy.

Awe.

There's also fear.

It means that the emperor has not yet united the continents, let alone united humanity.

-um.......

The emperor's voice echoes across the square.

-He....... I do this every year.

-maybe that, the gradient....... No, it shouldn't have a gradient anymore. Okay, just temple.

-When I reopened the temple and received my first recruit, I did something called a speech.

-I can't do this for long.

-So then, I said one word.

-faculty.

-that's it.

-And then, he....... Because something happened that I'm going to regret very much.......

The Emperor looks off into the distance and frowns. Mmm, big. Coughing a few times, the Emperor turns to face the people.

Some people were baffled by the emperor's tone.

-So, since then, I've been trying to squeeze something out of it, but I don't know if it's in my nature or not.

-I'm me, that. I'm not comfortable with all those...... long modifiers in front of my name.

-That's too long.

-I'm embarrassed because I feel like I'm bragging about myself.

-But I guess that's what you get for being an emperor.

-Because you need to know what I've been up to and who I am, and it's not exactly a lie.

-Ruler of all demons, yes.

-The ruler of all mankind, yes.

-Lord of the Holy Empire, so that's a good one.

-I still have two holy relics, so I must be an agent of the gods.

-So I'm kind of embarrassed to say that, but it's true, right?

-Why should I be ashamed to tell the truth. Once I thought about it, I wasn't ashamed anymore.

-Yes....... There's a reason why they're prefixed with a bunch of modifiers like that.

-That's a long-winded way of saying I'm great.

-Recognize how great you are. Something like this.

-Listing the evidence for my greatness.

-Yes, there are kids here, so they might not know what that means.

-They might not know what a masquerade is yet, right?

-So, let me summarize it for the kids.

-I am, fucking great.

-You are facing the greatest and most dignified being in the world.

-So, feel very honored.

There was a slight pause in the room.

Even if you're an emperor.

I get it.

He said that out of his own mouth?

Whether the emperor is good or not, the mere fact that he's saying that.

Very unfriendly.

In this atmosphere, the emperor looks out at the silent crowd and speaks.

-What the hell, you guys.

-clap.

At that commanding statement, everyone starts clapping mechanically.

-twinkle-twinkle!

Everyone is clapping because they want to see what it's all about, but then their faces get all weird.

-See?

But the playfulness of the emperor's expression was lost in the applause.

-Greatness is this.

-Some of you hate me.

-Some of you will hate me.

-Some of you will want to stick a knife in my back.

-but when I tell you to clap, you clap.

-No matter what you have in mind for me.

-You can't go against me.

-Just as the remnants of humanity who defied me will eventually kneel at my feet and die a miserable death in my fence of self-governance, eating the dog food I feed them.

-As if they still hate me, but a representative of the autonomous territory puts his head at my feet in the hope of aid.

-You cannot defy me.

-All those who defied me were either killed or turned into flesh-eating beasts.

-That's why I'm great.

What happened to hate, hatred, and anger?

Clap when you're told to clap.

When you are told to kneel, you will kneel.

That's all you need to dominate.

Loyalty would be nice, but obedience is sufficient.

The emperor knows it now.

But that sounds completely out of place here.

You're right.

So what the heck.

This isn't a speech after conquering humanity, it's a temple initiation.

When an emperor blurts out that I'm great at a temple entrance ceremony, he's bragging in the wrong place.

-By the way, great me.

-There is one way to become greater than this great, honorable, and absolute emperor.

Rebuilding the shattered Demon Realm, conquering humanity, ending the Gate Crisis, and rebuilding civilization - a feat no one else has ever accomplished.

-There is only one thing that even this demon king, who has accomplished this great work, has not been able to do.

One minute you're bragging about how you've accomplished everything, and the next minute you're telling them what you didn't do.

-graduate.

-I, for one, still haven't graduated from Temple.

We all froze in our tracks at the absurdity of it all.

The demon was not allowed to attend the temple in the first place.

So did everyone at Temple at the time, because it was completely shut down.

But in the end, facts are facts.

The Demon King did not graduate from Temple.

And with the reopening of the Temple, there are quite a few former Union soldiers who attended and graduated from the reopened Temple.

Some of his classmates and former Temple students have since returned to school and graduated.

In any case, the fact that the devil didn't graduate is as true as any modifier prefixed to the devil.

-In other words, you can do what I couldn't.

-I don't know about you, but the only thing I can think of that's better than this great devil is that I can live a life with one.

-Somewhere, I can say I'm better than the devil at one thing.

-which I am so grateful for.

-I'm on the verge of a life where I can proudly say I graduated from a temple that even the devil himself couldn't.

-Where you can go and live a life where you can say you're an asshole who didn't graduate from Temple!

-So, drop out.

-Graduate safely.

-Over.

Everyone stared at the back of the Demon King and Imperial Emperor as he disappeared in a blur.

There's no applause, no cheers for the departing demon.

Everyone panicked.

No matter what you think of the devil, there's a single thought in everyone's head.

The idea that Reinhard the Great was a very strange man was imprinted on everyone's minds.



* * *



-I told you not to do that!

-Ah, no, you made it longer this time!

-Didn't I tell you not to make it short? Didn't I tell you not to do it like a dog! This is the best, no, not the best, but the second most like a dog! Second!

-That's it? You didn't do a good job.......

-Ahhhhhh!

Scarlett stood in the doorway, listening to Charlotte's hysterical voice from the waiting room.

This is nothing new to Scarlett, who has been by the side of emperors longer than empresses.

And, of course, this was an event, not peacetime, so the emperor's bodyguards were numerous.

Scarlett was the Emperor's bodyguard and head of the Imperial Knights, so these were her subordinate knights.

One of them asks.

"Mr. Director, would you rather have a script?"

I'd rather have Charlotte write the script than fry her like that.

"He won't read ...... if there's a script."

Scarlett's habit of treating everyone with respect was still there.

No matter how many times the emperor tried to break the habit, it never changed.

"Technically, you can't read it."

"You can't read?"

Of course, the emperor is not blind.

"If you have a script, um....... My beloved people, you read it like ......."

"Ah."

"You're surprisingly nervous."

It doesn't seem to be straining at all.

But I'm so nervous that I can't even read the script, and the bullshit comes out of my mouth because I'm nervous.

So Charlotte has been trying for five years to somehow fix this weird ailment, but she's been unsuccessful, and when it's all said and done, she cries.

-What's wrong with you, should I just die or should we die together?

-Why are you so mad at me for not being able to do that......!

-It's not getting any better! It's not growing!

-When you grow up at this age, that's a disease......!

-She doesn't say a word. What else?

The other guards were listening to the emperor's scratching through the door.

It's so common that no one is surprised by it.

Scarlett says with a faint smile.

"Still, isn't an emperor who can't give a speech better than an emperor who loses?"

At that, everyone gave me a confused look and nodded.

Mushin

Lost.

Immortality.

Those titles were earned the day he single-handedly stopped an army advancing on the rebellion.

The emperor was never defeated.

It didn't even require an army.

Since the declaration of the New Empire, there have been several wars.

After all the talks and compromises broke down, war was inevitable.

The Emperor took only Scarlet to all those battles.

No one else was present.

Even Scarlett was kept on the far side of the battlefield without a fight.

"Are you sure you want to go alone?

The emperor stood alone against the advancing enemy army.

"We need to instill fear in those who don't submit.

'That I won't die.

'If they know they can't kill even me alone, they'll no longer rebel against me or the Empire.'

"Then this won't happen in the future.

"I'm not so sure there won't be.

"At least, it'll be less.

To terrorize those who refuse to accept domination.

The emperor set out alone.

And the Emperor's enemies knew why he was the apostle of the War God.





