Episode 685.





You can nag all day long, but the emperor doesn't have time for that.

After giving the commencement address, the emperor returned to the palace.

At the emperor's side on the throne was Charlotte.

The deputies in the row begin to report individually.

"Your Majesty, we have word that the warp gate to the Human Territory has been destroyed."

"...... again?"

As if to say, here we go again, the Emperor rubbed his eyes and pressed both hands to his temples.

"I don't want you to starve, but what do you want me to do if you break the warp gate, the conduit for aid? Do you want me to carry you in a wagon? Do you want to die?"

"It wasn't the Autonomous Government that destroyed the gate, as usual......."

"Citizens."

"Yes, Your Majesty......."

The gate debacle is over.

But warp gate phobia is rampant on every continent. People think the warp gate is a giant time bomb.

Reintroducing something that brought humanity to the brink of extinction is understandably scary and unsettling.

As such, warp gates across the entire continent, not just the Territories, were often destroyed by the sabotage of frightened citizens. This isn't just a problem for the Territories.

Nevertheless, the benefits of warp gates are not to be given up just because people are afraid of them, and so, as in previous eras, the area around warp gates is protected by a strong military presence.

"We continue to propagandize that all gates from previous eras are unrelated, but there are many who refuse to believe it....... Citizens of the Territories, in particular, are uneasy, seeing the Warp Gate as an entrance to invasion."

Warp gate phobia is particularly acute in the Human Territory, which is a rallying point for anti-demon forces that reject demon rule.

"Did we cover the cost of repairing the warp gate during the last destruction?"

"Yes, it was."

"Really? I guess they thought they could get away with it because they were rebuilding it for free. I'm going to have to correct them."

The Emperor begins to speak in a cold tone.

"From now on, the Territorial Government will pay for all warp gate repairs, and they will defend them with their lives. Tell them so."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

There are many humans in the territories.

Those who refused to be ruled by the Demon King, and the followers of the Cult of the Dragon.

Rather than kill them, the demon allowed them to live together in one place.

That's why there are sometimes uprisings, but they are eventually crushed.

Furthermore, they cannot survive without the aid of the New Empire.

It's a group of people who hate the Demon, but the reality of the Autonomous Territories is that they can't survive without him.

That was Charlotte's plan.

The emperor receives reports and gives orders.

While listening to Charlotte's advice from time to time.

It's not that different from what we've been doing in Edina, but the scope of what we're dealing with is vastly different, and the number of lives at stake is vastly different.

The Emperor looks bored, but not distracted, as he makes decisions and judgments, one by one.

Some of it was important, but some of it was so trivial that I wondered if I needed to hear it.

However, there were some topics that were both trivial and too important not to report to the emperor.

"Your Majesty, we have caught the man who defaced the statue of your Majesty installed in the Aligarh district last Monday. He is a 67-year-old man who lives nearby and is currently in the custody of the guards."

"......Why did he do that?"

"It doesn't matter why, Your Majesty. Defacing a statue in your likeness is in itself a challenge to the imperial authority. I understand you will be punished in the extreme."

"And Monday? I don't remember, how did we do the defacement?"

Instead of reporting to the emperor, I frowned.

The emperor heard so many words in a day that they often faded from his memory.

"That, that....... urinate......."

"Pee? Ah....... Yeah. I think I heard that."

"Yes......."

Well.

and the emperor crosses his arms.

The emperor had forgotten, but the ministers remembered, for it was such a traumatic event.

The attitude that they can't see why they should be upset about it at all.

Even then, I had this reaction.

"I never told you to install that statue in the first place."

The demon pauses for a moment, as if searching his memory.

"I don't know who it is, but some sculptor said he was going to dedicate it to me......."

"This is Ernak."

Charlotte whispered the name in his place, and he nodded as if he remembered.

"Yeah, that's right, a guy named Ernak carved it as a tribute to me, and isn't that the case with all my statues and gargoyles of all kinds?"

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"I didn't tell you to put it there, and why is it a challenge to the imperial authority to have a citizen deface something that was carved by a citizen at will?"

In fact, they're all over the empire.

In any form.

An artist or group of people who worship a demon creates a bunch of artwork that is selfishly idolized.

"Because being in the image of the emperor is in itself a symbol of the emperor's authority."

"Then shouldn't we stop with the arbitrary creation of the image of that great and dignified emperor, which is in some ways a challenge to the imperial power......."

If it's a problem caused by doing something you weren't asked to do, then Charlotte cut off the emperor before he could finish his sentence because he wouldn't let her do it in the first place.

"If you start censoring like that, you'll eventually go to the point of forbidding bards to sing about the exploits of His Majesty the Emperor, and you'll create an atmosphere of unnecessary fear, surely, surely. You'll get tired of that situation later on."

"Is that....... is it?"

"Banning an idol out of concern for idolatry is, in another sense, a very powerful form of idolatry, Your Majesty. And if you issue a ban and then later rescind it because it becomes more troublesome, your people will only feel uselessly confused. And inevitably, they will think the Imperial House is inconsistent."

"Well, yeah, I guess. Uh, let's pretend it didn't exist......."

Left to their own devices, they'll idolize the emperor and fight over whether it's right or wrong.

If you say no, there's an endless list of things to ban, and you're just creating a pointless atmosphere of fear, which only fosters more antipathy.

If they get tired of it and rescind the ban, that's the end of the emperor's pointless bullshit.

So, letting go is the medicine.

"Anyway, put the old man away, he's probably been drinking, and when people are hungry, they'll put bad things in places they shouldn't."

"......Yes, Your Majesty."

Knowing that the Emperor rarely punishes in such cases, he eventually sighed and nodded.

"Give him a warning. Pull that shit again and I'll make sure you get spanked in front of the Emperor himself. I wonder if you're up for that."

The old man will be released with a grotesque warning from the emperor.

There have been many reports since then.

Whenever the emperor's judgment was close to a mistake, Charlotte would quietly talk to him and decide.

Everyone knows that Charlotte is the new head of state.

However, she is respected despite being a remnant of the Gradias imperial family because everyone knows that she is the Emperor's Empress and will never act against his will or do anything he does not ask her to do.

Then, the ever-present topic came up.

"Your Majesty, there have been sightings of a warrior in the province of Orland, west of Cernstadt."

With that, the silence in the room subsided.

Of course, there are two topics that are the most sensitive in the entire empire.

One is a warrior. Ellen Artorius.

"There was also a sighting of Emperor Bertus in the province of Orland about two months ago."

The other is, of course, about Bertus de Gradias, the last emperor.

"Taken together, these two incidents suggest that the abolitionist and the warrior are not acting in concert......."

"Can you take responsibility?"

"......."

"I mean, can you take responsibility for that?"

After reporting the incident, Zhao Yi bowed his head even further before the Emperor's icy gaze.

"We've dispatched them whenever we've heard of sightings of warriors and abolitionists, but I don't recall any of the information ever being true."

Because they are the most wanted, most sightings are false.

We don't know if any of it was real or not.

However, all traces failed.

And once again, in this eyewitness account, the emperor stares at the reporter.

"Your Majesty, God is merely reporting the information on....... I'm just reporting what's been posted."

"Isn't it your 'opinion', not information, to 'assume' from two eyewitness accounts that Lunger and Warrior are together?"

"That, that's......."

"How long must we expend the power of the Empire on false sightings, most of which are fake, and some of the informants don't even know what a warrior or emperor looks like? There have been sightings from the southern and northern ends of the continent at the same time, haven't there?"

But it wasn't the reporter who answered, it was the other way around.

"Your Majesty, the Emperor and the Champion are the greatest threats to the Empire at this time. The moment they reach the Territories, humanity will regroup, and the impure within the Empire will be seduced. We must keep a close eye on them, even if it's only for the smallest bit of information."

Other ministers chimed in to agree.

It's true that the Autonomous Regions are effectively slaves, but they haven't been exterminated, and their resentment is still there.

If wars up to this point have been merely the resistance of the angry, the moment a lost emperor or warrior reappears, a real war can break out.

Even those who hate the Demon King, those who remain in the Empire instead of leaving for their own territories, may follow suit.

So the Lords and Ladies are a real threat to the Empire.

Some still believe they are lurking somewhere, waiting to save humanity from the tyranny of the Demon King, and the Heroic Cultists of the Autonomous Territories still believe it.

For those loyal to the Emperor, then, finding and killing the Warriors and Emperors is the only way to eliminate the fires of the Empire.

All their words are spoken in the hope of the eternity and well-being of the empire.

Their words may be misleading, but their loyalty is unquestionable.

So there was a huge bounty on Ellen's head, and the Emperor couldn't deny their worthiness.

In order to justify their rule, they eventually had to demonize warriors and lords, and the propaganda continued.

He now believes in demons as the saviors of the world, and hates warriors and abolitionists.

In reality, civilization has been rebuilt to some extent, absolute hunger has been largely eliminated, and humans are rebuilding their cities and buildings.

We're not quite there, but we're getting there.

Most people believe in substance and reality.

Life has improved for many since the Demon King's reign.

That's why people believe in the devil.

But the truth is, after Gate, things were only going to get better no matter who was in power. It's just that the devil is in charge.

It's really only going to get better, and who knows if it's better now that the Devil is in power.

But it's getting better, and he's actually not unleashing unnecessary violence on those who meekly accept his rule.

I can't say that every policy has worked out well, but there has certainly been no mindless tyranny or genocide, literally.

The idea of suddenly rounding up people and burning them to death had never happened on any continent. The Demon King was baffled that so many people actually imagined and feared such a thing.

They've even created self-governing territories for humans who refuse to be ruled, and they call themselves the guardians of those territories. Of course, we all know that's just a name, and that they're really watchdogs.

After all, unlike at the beginning of his reign, a significant portion of humanity now supports him because of the better life they now have.

So it's only natural to hate the opposite: warriors and fugitives from justice. It's natural.

So even if the emperor wasn't tracking them, an entire continent was.

The emperor is convinced, but he's still not happy.

"Yeah, that's probably true, but it's not the only thing that's false. How long are we going to have to listen to these murderers who claim to have killed emperors and warriors and then go around begging for money?"

The emperor's breath caught in his throat every time such a story was reported.

"Your Majesty, the unavoidable occurrence of an accident should not stop us from attempting to find the Emperor and his warriors, in case they have hidden themselves in your territory."

"I would expect you to be even more vigilant than you are now, with increased surveillance of the autonomous regions, nighttime curfews, and bans on gatherings so that people cannot gather."

"Your Majesty, the cunning men of the Autonomous Regions are merely taking advantage of your mercy."

"It is a matter of grave concern to me that the leadership of the Autonomous Regions includes members of the last rebellion, not to mention the ungrateful ruffians who have already been pardoned by His Majesty time and time again."

"It's not just the Autonomous Regions that need to be addressed. We need to significantly increase the activities of our intelligence services to weed out the rogue elements within the Empire."

"You are correct, Your Majesty. There are countless rogues who have deliberately disaffiliated themselves from the provinces in order to operate within the Empire."

One of them asks a question, and the words spill out, and the emperor looks down at his deputies.

The Emperor looks at Charlotte, who stands still.

"Help me.

I could see the meaning in his eyes.

Charlotte looks down at him, a faint smile on her face, and shakes her head.

"From now on, I'm the one who gets the political debriefings."

Eventually, Charlotte takes over.

"Let's cut the crap and get the ministry reports out of the way."

It's always, always, always this way.

They are all loyal to the Devil.

Their loyalty is unquestionable.

It's just that the wording is radical.

So loyal, in fact, that he's willing to say in front of Charlotte, the queen's half-brother, that she should kill him.

Some of them are even former empire figures.

That's because they're either irreplaceable enough that they won't be replaced after five years, or they've proven loyal enough that they won't be replaced.

So while Charlotte may doubt their intelligence, she doesn't doubt their loyalty.





