Episode 686.





The Emperor exits the Alchemy Chamber and walks through the halls of the Central Palace. Now that all the important business has been taken care of, Charlotte will take care of the rest.

We get the gist of it, we talk about it, and we're done with the big stuff for the day.

At the Emperor's side, as always, was Scarlett.

In fact, I now spend more time with Scarlett than anyone else.

"Is that all we have left for the evening?"

"Yes, Your Majesty, as I told you last time, the Adeptus Banquet will be held tonight at the Palace of Spring."

"Yeah......."

"It must be the first time in a long time that all five empresses are together."

"......Yes."

The emperor has five wives, and they are of equal rank.

All five are empresses.

There was some concern that it would cause internal chaos, but the emperor decided to go for it.

Of course, even among the five empresses, there are differences in influence between individuals.

The most influential is, of course, Charlotte, who is in charge of the entire country.

But that doesn't make the other empresses any less influential.

Airi commands and controls a demonic force that has become a vital pillar of the Empire.

Ruiz, unsurprisingly, controls Cernstadt, the largest faction after the Empire.

The current king is Heinrich von Schwarz, but she's practically the king, as she's helping him get used to running the country.

Cernstadt had a larger territory than the imperial provinces. Even the Edina Archipelago, where it was based after the events of the Demon's Gate, was already a Cernstadt.

Because of the overly dense population on the ecliptic, the Empire could hardly attempt to recover and expand.

The empire focused on shrinking the size of the ecliptic, which had become so bloated that it resembled a malformed city-state, and relocating people.

That's not all.

"His Holiness has already entered the palace."

"Oh....... Really?"

Olivia Ranze, who had completely reformed the Order of the Five Great Houses into a new entity and was already the master of another vast empire, also wielded immense power.

Of course, there are those who have overstepped their bounds and made themselves too famous.

The most powerful wizard that has ever existed.

An unparalleled being with access to infinite magic power.

Herriot de Saint-Ouen.

So a new title had to be created for her.

Because different beings need different places.

The supreme decision-making and interfering body when it comes to magic, above all mage groups.

The current head of the Mage Council.

"The Archmage says he's headed there, too."

For Herriot, the title became his name.



* * *



The Emperor headed to the Palace of Spring ahead of time, as everyone was expected to gather for a banquet in the evening.

The banquet hadn't started yet, but we were busy preparing.

The Palace of Spring, where Charlotte had once lived as a princess, was still in full bloom.

Charlotte's frequent visits to state affairs led her to move from the Spring Palace to the Autumn Palace, where the institutions that dealt with state affairs were concentrated.

There were two people in the courtyard of the Palace of Spring now.

St. Olivia wears her platinum hair in a bun.

And the dark-haired Adriana standing next to him.

"It's been a while, Your Majesty."

"I see Your Majesty."

At Olivia's side is Adriana, who has become the Saint's bodyguard.

There was no sign of the venom in Olivia Ranze's voice as she smiled gently, her mouth covered, at the emperor who had come to visit.

If anyone has changed the most since we got married, it's Olivia.

She declared that she would scratch him, but after marriage, she mellowed out, as if that was a good thing.

The reason is simple.

Empress Olivia was very busy founding the Holy Roman Empire.

So I rarely saw the emperor.

So when I see the Emperor for the first time in a long time, it's too much of a waste of time to fret and scratch.

We only have so much time together, so we make it count, so we say sweet things and act nice.

"When did you get here?"

"Just now, just now."

Even the emperor's questions are answered with respect.

I wondered how a person could change so much.

To be more precise, I acted and spoke like I was back in the days when I was called a saint.

That's why people who know her feel uncomfortable with the way she looks.

'Something....... I feel like I'm basically reaffirming that I'm too nice, but I don't want to admit it. What's not to like?

That's what Charlotte said of the mellowed Olivia.

Of course, there were many days when I cried to myself that it was harder to see Reinhardt after we got married.

"While you're here, go away for a few days."

"I'd love to, but I'm busy, and so is Your Majesty."

"......Oops."

Olivia beamed, as if she couldn't ask for more.

-Uh-oh, Reinhard is here.

Everyone's heads turned at the sound of a distant voice.

He was approached by the Archmage, Herriot, who had just entered the palace and was dressed for the occasion.

Olivia's expression hardened.

"He's a bit of an exorcist, he always comes when it's good. No, you know that, don't you?"

Sure, she's changed a lot, but she hasn't changed the part of her that hates Harriet.

"Well."

As she approaches, Herriot gives Olivia a cold stare.

"You are what you are."

"If you haven't seen someone in a while, why don't you at least pretend to be happy to see them?"

"If I'm talking to His Majesty for the first time in a long time, shouldn't you have the decency to be unobtrusive?"

"I haven't seen you in a while, either?"

"I haven't seen you in a long time."

If you get between them, you know you're always the first one to get beaten.

"......."

The emperor broke out in a cold sweat, but said nothing.



* * *



Herriot had a bit of an argument with Olivia, but claimed to be tired and went into the Palace of Spring first.

He says this, but in the end, he's being considerate because he knows Olivia doesn't have a lot of time.

Olivia had to organize the country from scratch, so in a sense, she had more work than the emperor.

He took enormous risks, even taking on the task of reforming a religion that was sure to be met with fierce backlash, and he was and still is a dangerous and busy man.

"How are you doing?"

At the Emperor's question, Olivia sighs.

"As always, we have a long way to go."

Due to the nature of the religion, the domain of the Holy Empire is not limited to the territory of the Empire.

The temples, monasteries, and shrines of all the world's divine orders are all realms.

Your territory and people are scattered across continents.

Demons don't actually exist.

It takes a very long time to convince them of that, and even then, most don't accept it.

It's hard to turn common sense on its head.

"I have to say, though, that it's a little easier these days with demon priests."

Demigods are the gods of demons.

If the gods truly reject demons, then none of the demons should be able to wield the divine power of the gods.

Nowadays, however, there are also demon priests, and people tend to think differently when they see demons who can use the divine power of the gods.

"I guess I'm just going to have to trust it since I have the tiamata in the first place, but maybe the absolute numbers are important."

"Yeah, numbers are really important."

Having spoken with Olivia at some length, the Emperor shifts his attention to her this time.

Adriana, Patroness of the Holy Grail.

The latter designation made Adriana, like Scarlett, a knight to protect the king.

Adriana flatly refused, saying she didn't have what it takes, but Olivia almost forced her into the position.

They say that a place makes a person, and Adriana, once a powerful paladin, has lived up to her name as a guardian knight of the castle after all these years.

"Why are you wearing a dress today?"

"I was ordered to dress appropriately for the occasion, so I went to......."

A nervous-looking Adriana was wearing a more colorful dress than the saintly Olivia.

Olivia must have put her in that dress on purpose.

Olivia covered her mouth and laughed at the sight of Adriana.

"Now that we've gotten rid of the law that Tuan priests and paladins can't marry, why bother hiding your attraction?"

"......."

It was as if the Holy Father had declared at the point of marriage that he was throwing away all the laws of the past.

Adriana, of course, was nervously fiddling with the hem of her uncomfortable dress.

The Holy Empire doesn't have a lot of territory.

However, the actual jurisdiction is all the lands where people live.

It's a religion that's been around for a very long time, and that religion is eventually going to be everywhere there are people who believe in it.

As such, the Holy Empire is not only a nation, but also an intelligence agency of the current empire, gathering information from all continents.

It's not something that's designed to happen, it's just the way it is.

As such, it is inevitable that the temples and shrines scattered across the continent will be aware of everything that is happening on the continent.

"What about the Autonomous Regions? They seem to be doing okay, judging by the lack of talk."

As such, there are temples of the Cult of the Gods in human territories that are not officially under the control of the Demon King's Empire.

It is naturally very small, but it is not nonexistent. For even in a place dominated by martial beliefs, there are still those who believe in the Gods.

"Hmmm....... Rowen says they've lost all energy to resist since the last war. I don't know, they didn't rebel because they could overthrow us at any moment, but I don't think anything can happen for five years."

Crusader Knightmaster Rowen was not purged.

After the war, she returned to where she was supposed to be.

The place where the negative belongs.

It's just that your job has changed from inquisition to intelligence gathering.

She serves as the head of the Imperial Intelligence Service.

Synthesizing information from across the continent to detect threats to the Empire.

In particular, her main role is to monitor the territories.

It was actually a proposal from Louise, who wanted to purge Rowen. Rowen was happy to accept.

You can't sit on your laurels for long.

Rather, he's better suited to doing what he's good at, and he doesn't hesitate to go back to the dark side once he's done what he needs to do.

The reinstatement of former Crusader Knight Commander Elayon Bolton and his declaration of support for the Holy Empire is an even better outcome.

Of course, the Crusader Knights are now fully subservient to the Holy Empire. This makes sense, since the Crusader Templars were originally a collection of the power of the Five Great Houses, and the Holy Empire is a collection of the Five Great Houses.

"Slowly, they're arriving."

Olivia smiles as she watches the two approach the Palace of Spring.

The emperor jumps out of his seat as if he's been scalded by a fire.

Both Adriana and Olivia smiled at the sight of such an emperor.

"Adriana, isn't this picture funny every time you look at it, even if no one else does?"

"Shh, it's loud......."

"......Hmm. I'm not going to say anything."

From one day to the next, whenever you see the Emperor, you look like you've chewed on a rotten turd.

And she's always got a cold look on her face.

Together, they are walking to the Palace of Spring.

A frozen emperor is an emperor, but Olivia rose from her seat.

The master of the empire is Reinhard the Great.

And the head of the empire is Charlotte de Gradias.

However, there is one person in the imperial family who is most respected.

Regent of Cernstadt, Empress Louise.

Empress Louise is not very close to the Emperor.

For some reason, those in the know know and those who don't know don't know.

What they don't know is that Empress Louise is the emperor's most difficult person.

So, ironically, there is a bizarre situation in which the emperor is the most respected in the imperial court because he is the most difficult and feared.

"Oh, you've come, you've come, sir."

The emperor bends ninety degrees to greet you.

"...... I'm still not sure why the hell I'm your teacher, but that's classy, Your Majesty."

Louise clicked her tongue briefly at the stuttering emperor.

In Louise's presence, the emperor becomes the mouse before the cat.

So everyone assumes that the dreaded Reinhard the Great is afraid of Empress Louise, and everyone is afraid of Louise.

Louise von Schwarz was actually a master swordswoman, and she was a war hero in her own right. If someone is afraid of her, it's for good reason.

Of course, those in the know know it's just a joke.

Olivia is still jealous, even though she's changed, and Reinhard's behavior in front of Louise is just hilarious.

"Let's go to ...... first, sister."

The current king of Cernstadt, Heinrich von Schwarz, rushed into the Palace of Spring as if to flee.

Since the declaration of the Reich, Olivia realizes that Reinhard and Heinrich have become a private couple who never meet.

When we make eye contact in public, we look away from each other as if we've seen something we can't see.

Just like now.

"Car, is there any chance......."

"I drank it on the way here."

"And the, the meal is......?"

"The banquet will be starting soon, so why eat beforehand?"

"Oh, I see, I was short thinking......."

It's like a puppy that can't do this, can't do that, and is restless.

Empress Louise usually stays there for her work in Cernstadt, but occasionally returns to the imperial palace for a few months.

At such times, the Emperor is unable to sit or stand, and he suffers from daily anxiety. Even without Empress Louise by his side.

He's doing it because he wants to be nice to himself, but it's hard to tell from the sidelines that he's trying to be nice to his wife.

"......Majesty."

"Yes, that....... Yes? Yes sir."

"How many times have I told you to stop acting like an old filial pest, trying to make up for lost time?"

The eerily detailed description described exactly what the Emperor was doing to Empress Louise.

It looks like you're not trying to be nice to your wife, you're trying to be nice to your parents.

Forget the gifts the emperor gives to his other empresses, Louise is always a gift, and the fact that she's always there to say hello is proof of that.

"That, that's....... I'm sorry."

Eventually, the emperor bows his head.

I want to be nice to him, but I don't know how.

"I feel like I'm not the Empress, I'm the Empress Dowager."

The emperor isn't the only one.

Olivia respects her to a certain extent, and so does Charlotte.

And one more person who freezes as much as the emperor.

Another empress who enters the palace first, and then rushes in when she realizes Louise is there.

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, there you are, there you are? Lou, Louise?"

Archmage.

Herriot's bumbling was on par with the emperor's.

"Yes, and how are you, Archmage?"

"Well, sure! Ho, do you happen to have a car......?"

"I drank it."

"And the meal is......?"

"Isn't there a banquet coming up?"

"Oh, yeah, right, right? I guess I wasn't thinking straight......."

It sounds exactly like the emperor.

They send gifts for birthdays, seasons, and say hello.

"Hah......."

I married Louise because I needed her, so I didn't have high expectations.

No, I thought, there might be something nasty in store.

Because you have a small base, or a short history with the emperor.

I thought I might be ignored or treated with less respect.

But this was a marriage that went awry in the most bizarre of ways.





