Episode 690.





The banquet hasn't stopped. Stopping the banquet doesn't make things better or fix them.

And nothing is certain yet.

It's just that it's quiet, and it's bringing together people who need to talk.

Palace of Spring meeting room.

With Scarlett out front to keep anyone from stopping by.

Five empresses and an emperor gathered together.

The emperor waited patiently, until everyone had checked the contents of the notebook.

Everyone's expressions and reactions were not much different than the emperor's.

Some species of monsters reproduce.

In fact, we don't even know how much of each species grows or where.

The continent-wide restoration rate is less than a third of what it was in the previous era.

So exterminating an entire continent was out of the question at this point. It would have to wait until later, when we could afford it.

But if this is true, the days of monsters disappearing will never come.

Even if it's not as desperate as it was with Gate, there will be a constant battle with monsters.

Maybe one day we'll be able to dry the seeds of monsters, but that's a long way off.

A dark cloud fell over their faces as they realized this.

"Well, it's not too late, because it was never going to be possible to scour the entire continent to kill the monsters in the first place."

Charlotte is right.

It was just another disaster after a disaster, and there was no way to prepare for it.

A new empire that could barely stand up would not be able to fly.

I prayed that this wouldn't happen, but it did.

We all know this without Charlotte saying it.

We did our best, but there was just something beyond our best.

"It means that monsters, as a species and as an animal, are beginning to take hold in the continent's ecosystem, and we don't know how the changes that will cause will affect us all. We should be more afraid of the unpredictable things that will happen as the ecosystem changes, not just of monsters attacking people."

Changes that occur as other species begin to appear in a stable ecosystem.

The monsters have already caused a great deal of devastation.

Many places were barren and unrecoverable.

"Maybe we should change the way the Adventurer's Guild works, rewarding those who find hordes of monsters breeding this way."

Everyone nodded at Charlotte's words.

Whether or not we could do anything about it right away, it was very important information. Just knowing that these monsters were breeding could have prevented a crisis or disaster in the future.

If you destroy a nest of breeding monsters, you're eliminating thousands of monsters that will be born later.

We need to increase funding for Adventurer Guilds and pay for Adventurers.

Even if it's smooth sailing, there is an absolute lack of troops to keep the peace.

The emperor smiled bitterly.

Governments that entrust adventurers with policing.

It reminded me of a day when I scoffed at the idea that if there was such a thing as a government, why does it exist at all?

The silent Shenghu flips through his notebook.

"Sure, this is important, and it's a big deal, but......."

Olivia holds up her notebook and looks at the source, Empress Louise.

"Empress Louise, you said this was from the Adventurer's Guild, right?"

"Yes. That's right."

"Where is that adventurer now, I'd have to take out an empire pillar to reward him for something like this. Are you just going to sit there and wait for me......?"

"After handing them over to the Belorussian branch in northeastern Cernstadt, they disappeared."

Olivia, who also brought up the question.

Other Empresses.

And the emperor.

I already knew that answer was coming.

It's just that no one brought it up first.

"Here are the place names in the notebook, all of which are areas we have not been able to restore......."

"They're all from no man's land."

"And judging by the sheer volume, it's not like we're talking about a few months."

"The handwriting is the same, so it was all written by the same person."

"This must have taken years of time to write up......."

"I've heard of adventurers going into dangerous areas to hunt monsters, but this was written by someone who lived in those dangerous areas, right?"

"If an adventurer of this caliber is registered with the Adventurer's Guild, there's no way we don't know his name......."

"But they just gave me this stuff and disappeared without even waiting for a reward......."

"You're saying you're someone who can't be rewarded."

"You're such a savage that you've been doing this in a no-man's land for an estimated several years......."

"The average person can't do this, and there's no reason to do it."

"The person who was doing something that no one had a reason to do, but someone had to, and no one told them to......."

An adventurer traveling from place to place in uninhabited and dangerous areas.

A certain adventurer who disappeared after handing over something that should have been a great reward.

Strong enough to survive this long in a land of monsters and collect and record such material.

But the person who collected it, gave it away, and then disappeared.

Rather, it is because the land of men is also a dangerous place for the adventurer.

So it's not gone, it's just run away.

Everyone knows this the moment they see the notebook.

Olivia took out the rush.

Shenghu's eyes narrow.

"Surely, it must be Ellen?"

Everyone knew that the author of the notebook was Ellen Artorius.



* * *



"We could do a compare and contrast."

The Archmage looks at the Emperor and speaks cautiously.

The temple still has some of Ellen's items from her time at the temple, as well as her exam papers and other materials.

So if you do a handwriting contrast, you'll know it's really Ellen.

"Okay, just to be sure, I'll have to do a handwriting comparison."

But neither the Archmage who told the story nor the Emperor who approved it knows the outcome without being told.

I don't even remember the handwriting, but I know it's hard to believe that such neat handwriting and concise, precise drawings don't belong to Ellen.

His calm personality comes through in his handwriting and drawings.

There's no way Ellen Artorius didn't know she was going to be found out.

They may have decided that there were more pressing matters that needed to be communicated first.

The handwriting comparison results will come quickly.

And for now, we need to think about what we would do if it were Ellen who wrote this.

The Emperor says still.

"They must be running away."

I would never be so optimistic as to think that you won't be found out.

And since she's the most wanted man in the world even if her identity isn't discovered, Ellen needs to get out of no man's land as quickly as possible.

"When, where, and how did it come up?"

The Emperor looks at Empress Louise and asks.

"The materials arrived in Velodosia, a stronghold city in northeastern Cairnstadt, last Saturday. The Guild reviewed the contents of the notebooks, determined their importance, and on Sunday morning they arrived at the Adventurers' Guild headquarters in the Cairnstadt capital of Köylan. Normally, the materials would have been sent to the Adventurers' Guild of the Eclipse, but it seems that the Adventurers' Guild Master of Köylan, seeing the urgency of the matter, sent a report directly to the Royal Court of Cairnstadt."

The materials that arrived on Saturday traveled through Sunday and reached the imperial palace on Monday night.

It's not often that Adventurer's Guild materials reach the Imperial Palace, so the Adventurer's Guild made a quick judgment call about their importance.

In order to get to the emperor as quickly as possible, the chain of command was somewhat ignored. Moreover, a report that should have gone to Heinrich, King of Cernstadt, in the normal chain of command, went to the regent first.

It was not to Louise, Regent of Cernstadt, but to Louise, Empress.

That's why Louise von Schwarz was the first to get the information.

It's a matter of urgency, so he takes the quickest route to the emperor.

The Cernstadt Adventurer's Guild headquarters is not to blame for the delay, they were flexible and adapted to the situation.

But in the end, I ended up with a two-day time difference.

"In two days, we wouldn't have gotten out of Cernstadt yet."

Charlotte nodded at Louise's words.

"Velosia is the most important base city for the rebuilding of northeastern Cernstadt, with a number of small and medium-sized cities around it, as well as a number of forward bases."

"If she gave the materials to a local small adventurer's guild, they might be destroyed or lost, so Ellen had no choice but to come to the base city."

Herriot agreed, noting that it was clear that Ellen had been forced to take a risk and go very deep into human territory.

It might have been discarded by the clerk at the adventurer's guild in a provincial city as unreliable, or it might have been lost in transit.

Obviously, we wanted to eliminate that risk.

"Two days is too little time, no matter which way you flee. Ellen Atrorius is still within the borders of Cernstadt, Your Majesty."

"......Yes."

The Emperor nods in agreement.

He hasn't been seen since the Gate incident, and there have been countless sightings here and there that have been attributed to mistaken identity.

For almost the first time in this situation, Ellen's location is almost certainly known.

If you lose it now, you won't know where it went.

At the very least, it's a tiny trace of something that needs to be communicated.

The world is too big.

This is really the first and last chance to do so.

"Will anyone but us know that these materials were written by Ellen?"

But the emperor asks the wrong question.

"These notebooks have passed through a lot of hands to get to this point. The likelihood that others will come up with the same idea that we did is quite high."

It's already been reviewed by tons of people. It's been vetted by a lot of people, so it's ready to go to the emperor.

From local junior Adventurer's Guild officials, to high ranking officials at headquarters, to the Guildmaster, to the dignitaries of Cernstadt.

I was able to come because the information was approved as legitimate.

It's no secret that the average person could never amass this amount of material.

It's not hard to figure out, then, that it was Ellen, the lost warrior, who posted this.

It's just impossible to be as certain as people in this room. We can only guess.

The emperor seemed to hear voices already.

It was as if I could hear countless deputies shouting that the warrior must be slain.

There are things that I've been doing because I have to, even if I don't want to.

If anything, I did more things I didn't want to do.

There were things I had to do that I didn't want to do.

There was something I wanted to do but couldn't.

This one will be forced eventually.

Find a warrior.

Kill the warrior.

Already, the hallucinations filling my head were telling me what the future held.

"Wait a minute....... Just a second....... I need to think about this."

The emperor rose from his seat.



* * *



On the upper floors of the Palace of Spring, in the dimly lit corridors where the banquet attendees never came, only the distant sounds of music could be heard.

The emperor was still, looking down at the people coming and going from the courtyard.

Naturally, the other side was bustling with revelers.

On the moonlit night, the emperor stares at them and is silent.

The emperor was fondling something in his arms.

Things you still haven't thrown away.

Hold it still and roll it in your hand.

Soon, behind the stoic emperor, someone approaches with a pretense of popularity.

"Reinhardt......."

"......."

The Archmage and Empress Herriot stand still beside him.

"Let's do it."

"......."

At that simple statement, the emperor is silent and makes no reply.

"I hope so."

The Emperor does not respond to the Empress's words.

No, the answer is no.

"If it's not now, we don't know when it's going to happen again, and we have a lot of things in place for when it does."

While the proliferation of monsters is a harsh truth, this is also an opportunity that may never come again.

If you miss it, there may not be another one.

The emperor opens his mouth to speak.

"Sorry."

"......What, all of a sudden?"

Herriot shakes his head at the Emperor's sudden apology.

The Empress is still here.

They don't know why they need to be apologized for.

Eventually, the Emperor gingerly embraces the Empress, who looks dumbfounded.

"I'm sorry I let you say that."

"ah......."

"I didn't say I needed time to think about it."

In the emperor's arms, which hold her strongly, Herriot smiles.

"I didn't mean to hear you say you're sorry."

"...... Don't make me feel more sorry for you."

"......What do you want me to do?"

The grumbling empress also strongly embraces the emperor.

There's no time to hesitate.

You don't have a lot of time to think about it.

"Yeah, let's do it."

But we all knew this moment would come at some point.

So, we were always ready.



* * *



The emperor soon returned to the conference room.

Your worries are over.

I made a resolution.

It's ready to go.

Warriors are one of the last bastions of empire.

"I let it go too long."

If you messed with it, it could set off a chain reaction.

But now I have quite a bit of gunpowder in my powder keg.

Now, when it pops, it just sparkles.

Nothing happens when you kill a warrior.

In the early days of the Empire, when warriors had many supporters, killing a warrior could lead to an uprising of angry factions.

It would have made it impossible to build an empire.

That's why the Empire couldn't mess around with the name of a warrior.

The Empire rather put its faith in the hopes of the anti-demon forces, who believed in the lost warrior.

One day, a warrior will appear and save us.

That belief actually means, in other words, that they don't do anything until a warrior shows up.

In that situation, if a warrior died or was rumored to have died, they might explode in anger rather than despair.

And so, while those who believed in a warrior as their savior waited in vain for a warrior who never came, the devil steadily built his empire.

Along the way, there have been a few bouts of humanity's resistance to evil, all of which have been thoroughly crushed.

And now.

The anti-demon forces are still trapped within the confines of the Autonomous Territories, still believing in a false hope and waiting for a hero who never comes.

The death of a warrior would bring complete despair to the territory.

Even if they are outraged, it's just a candle that's about to be blown out.

In the end, the despairing territory will be completely subjugated.

It's been a long time coming.

It's been a long time coming, with many political situations and circumstances, and a few wars.

Those who believe in the warrior are now a candle before the wind.

Even if it grows, it can no longer burn larger than a candle.

So now.

"As of this time, we are closing the border to the northeast of Cernstadt."

A warrior deserves to die.

