Episode 692.





If human thought is a thread, then the thoughts in Ellen's head were a tangled mess right now.

You don't know where it started to get tangled, and you can't untangle it.

I couldn't figure out what was what.

There is no way to understand why the cat of that time, wearing the collar she had removed, appeared not in the temple but in a city southwest of Cernstadt, thousands of kilometers from there.

Ellen ran away.

Without even knowing why they should run away.

I turned into an alley and ran like crazy.

What was it.

What the heck happened.

What happened so far.

Thinking but not knowing the answer, Ellen runs away.

Just run down the side streets.

The maze of alleyways looked exactly like the one in Ellen's head.

I break out in a cold sweat, and I'm out of breath, even though I'm so used to running.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha......."

Scary.

Fear.

It was eerie.

I feel like I've been hit by something.

I feel like I'm being played.

I could still feel the fear, like I was running from someone's grasp.

The cat that was always there.

My cat was my sanctuary.

The cat, the only good memory from a difficult time, became an object of fear when she encountered it in a completely unexpected situation.

Running through the alleyways, Ellen now has no idea where she entered or where she is running.

We're going around the same circle.

Or is it going somewhere.

You need to climb over the fences and buildings and get out of the city quickly.

"@StephanieMcDonald" ....... htp....... 허억......."

I look back with an unknown fear, but nothing is following me.

You run without knowing what you're running from.

Nothing is following you, but the thought of something following you fills your head.

I don't know what it is, but.

To someone who seems to know what it is.

I feel like I was being watched.

I thought you were running away.

In fact, it was within reach.

Otherwise, none of this would make sense.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha....... ha ha......."

-Ka-ching! Puck!

After stepping over trash and crates in the alleyways, running aimlessly.

Ellen was running down an alleyway, not sure where she'd taken a wrong turn, when she noticed that her surroundings were getting whiter and whiter.

"What......?"

Suddenly, it's foggy.

This can't happen in sunny weather.

Still, she can't stop, so she just runs around the alley.

But when the fog reached its peak, Ellen couldn't help but feel the change had come again.

Clearly, I was running down an alley that was blocked on both sides.

But when the fog hit, it was all gone.

The walls of the buildings that flanked it.

Even the ground I stood on was shrouded in ankle-deep fog.

Fog was everywhere, and all the terrain around me was gone.

I could walk anywhere in the open and not see or feel anything but fog.

A chill runs down my spine.

If it's magic, you don't even know what kind of magic you're dealing with.

Even if you're not immune, no amount of magic can hurt or interfere with Ellen at all.

But before you know it, you've fallen into some kind of magical maze.

Ellen runs blindly.

You run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run, and you run.

Are we spinning in circles?

I know I'm going somewhere.

Ellen couldn't figure out how to get out of this maze.

Just running, running, running.

"Ha ha....... Ha ha....... ha ha......."

That moment when you're out of breath and want to collapse.

-Woe is me!

"Hmph, hmph......!"

Suddenly, the fog was a dog.

Then, Ellen looked.

A high, hot sun and an azure sky.

A pristine white beach that appeared out of nowhere.

-shoot

And waves.

-Stephen

Ellen arrived at a shore with clear emerald waves.

What's going on.

This is where.

Is this a place that exists in the real world?

With that thought in mind, Ellen looks at the beach with trepidation.

There it was.

Like fate.

Reinhardt was there on the beach.

An amulet you once wore.

The amulet that was just hanging around the black cat's neck.

"Now, did they all get away?"

It was now hanging around Reinhardt's neck.



* * *



After wandering through an unknown maze, Ellen found herself on a beach.

I had to know everything.

What's been going on so far.

The black cat was Reinhardt.

You're not tethered to something, you're not bound.

-shoot

Only the crashing waves and distant seabirds invaded the silence between them.

As Reinhardt approached, Ellen could only shiver.

All Ellen could do was tremble, watch Reinhardt approach, and take the smallest step backward.

We don't know where she is, but it's clear that they already know where she is.

"Uh, how about....... How about......."

Ellen is horrified, unable to comprehend the situation, and Reinhard shrugs.

"You're not an idiot, and you're not going to escape the same way you came in."

It was being read.

"That was the last city."

I also knew where I would end up.

As soon as I entered Cernstadt, I knew to head southwest.

Southwestern Cernstadt.

"The last city before entering the Sren Mountains."

There is a huge mountain range there.

"Didn't you know you were going to Rizaira?"

Ellen's hometown.

He knew that Ellen would flee southwest of Cernstadt to her hometown of Lizaira.

I knew Ellen wasn't going to disappear across the southwestern border, but rather head for the Sren Mountains.

"Of course I thought it would go there."

In from the Northeast, out to the Southwest.

Now that we've read the root, it's pretty obvious where we'll end up and what cities we'll pass through.

Chances are, you're already halfway there.

Backing away, Ellen eventually backs herself into a corner.

The demon grabs Ellen's chin and looks into her eyes.

"If you made it to Rizaira without getting caught, what do you think would be different?"

"......."

"I don't know about you, but I've been there before."

"What......?"

It was the first time Ellen had heard of it.

Ellen had told Reinhardt about Lizaira a long time ago, in passing.

I didn't think I would remember that.

That's why I thought I'd never know.

But more than just remembering, I've actually been to Rizaira.

When?

Even if Ellen had ended up in Lizaira, Reinhard could have come to Lizaira and found her.

The moment they entered Cernstadt, the devil knew where Ellen was headed.

Even if you managed to escape, you could have gotten into that final destination.

Running away was impossible in the first place.

Ellen holds her jaw and swallows hard.

Ellen couldn't even move under Reinhard's downward, penetrating gaze.

Vaguely scared.

I felt vaguely sick.

Reinhardt released his grip on her jaw and took a step back.

One minute you're in the city of Cernstadt, the next you're on a tropical beach in the middle of nowhere.

"Here....... Where is......?"

Reinhardt shrugs and points behind Ellen.

The inside of the island, not the beach.

When Ellen turned around, there was a mansion.

It was an alien sight.

Beachfront in the middle of nowhere, mansion in the middle of nowhere.

The mansion was clearly not in any of his memories.

"You really don't get it?"

Reinhardt asks.

The closest thing I can think of is the Duke of Granz's villa in the Edina Archipelago, which I visited one day, but it's definitely not the same.

Ellen looks out over a more distant landscape.

It was a tropical forest.

Somewhere like this.

There was only one landscape in my memory.

"You can't possibly....... Here....... We....... used to be......."

"Yeah."

Reinhardt nods.

"That deserted island we came to on a group mission back in the day."

Some unnamed desert island.

Places you've done group missions in the past.

It wasn't a place that didn't exist, it was a place that clearly did.

But a mansion had been built where none had existed before.

I don't know how I got here or what that mansion is.

I don't even know why I was brought here.

A place that held fond memories of a time when things were hard, but ultimately good.

Ellen and Reinhardt had returned.

Why did you bring me here.

What you want to do and how you want to do it, she doesn't know.

Reinhardt doesn't offer any explanation.

If anything resentful came out of my mouth, would I be able to live with it?

Traitor.

Fugitive.

In reality, Reinhardt had no excuse.

He left for his own reasons, with no explanation.

No matter how much bitterness, anger, and resentment I hear, I have nothing to say.

I don't have the confidence to convince them.

Reinhardt says nothing to Ellen, who is afraid of what she might hear.

Suddenly, he grabs one of the thicker branches on the ground.

-Whoosh!

"......?"

Ellen caught the branch out of nowhere.

"I don't know what else."

Reinhard then picks up a twig.

"We should have a long overdue sword fight."

Reinhardt had a mischievous grin on his face that somehow reminded me of his Temple days.

Reinhard approaches slowly, holding the branch like a water lily, pointing it at Ellen.

However, just thinking about those days makes Ellen shudder.

So.

"Ugh....... ugh......."

I feel so blessed to be facing this, I can't help but cry.

But while Reinhardt's demeanor was playful, his hands were anything but playful.

"Uh-huh."

Seeing Ellen sobbing, Reinhardt rushes in, lightly kicking up the white sand.

"You're an asshole."

-Bam!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Overcome with grief and longing, Ellen was struck in the head by a branch before she had time to react.

"ugh......."

Reinhard smiles down at Ellen, who is sprawled out and crying.

"Won't you wake up?"

"......."

"Now, who do you think you're dealing with?"

Apostle of the War God.

Demon of Flame.

Ruler of the continent.

You're playing against Reinhardt the Great.

Of course, now I was holding a branch.

"Get up, we're going again."

Ellen staggers to her feet, sobbing.

The end of the branch that Ellen is somehow holding wobbles.

What to do.

I finally pick up a twig, and I'm like.

I wonder if they believe they can go back to the way things were.

So much has changed, and we've spent so much time without each other.

You know this is not the way to go.

How to do it.

That heart, that attitude.

Ellen was so sad and saddened that she couldn't concentrate.

It's actually Ellen who wants to go back.

But I can't go back.

I can't allow myself to do that.

Because I, the sinner, feel compelled not to.

"La, Reinhardt....... I, I can't....... I can't......."

So my fingertips are twitching.

"Really?"

"Uh, yeah...... me. I can't....... I can't do it....... I'm sorry....... I'm sorry. I was wrong. I'm sorry......."

Reinhard's eyes change when he sees Ellen, overcome with emotion, barely able to stand.

"Then."

The playfulness is gone.

An auror forms on a branch.

"Fuck you."

It's not a light leap.

By the time she realizes it, Reinhardt is already in front of her, and an ordinary twig has become an Auror blade, stabbing Ellen in the side.

Dies.

The moment you think about it.

-Bam!

Ellen's branches, too, deflected the Auror's deadly sting.

"Ha, ha....... Ha......."

The sheer force of the impact causes Ellen to take a few steps back, and she stares at Reinhardt, wide-eyed and breathless.

Reinhardt chuckles again, and slings the branch the Auror is carrying over his shoulder.

"Come on, you're good at it."

Don't make excuses while you can.

With that, Reinhardt points the branch at Ellen again.

I'm not sure what you want.

Nothing will be done until you're willing to deal with it.

So Ellen held back her tears and pointed the branch at Reinhard.

Apparently pleased with the attitude, Reinhardt smiles.





