Episode 693.





For two men whose bare bodies are weapons, branches make excellent weapons.

Sometimes it doesn't really matter what the auror-encrusted weapon is, unless it's a holy relic.

At Reinhardt's insistence, Ellen sometimes wore an auror and sometimes fought with nothing but bare branches.

Ellen lost, mostly.

It was so overwhelming to compose myself that I couldn't concentrate on anything but the unbearable guilt of meeting Reinhardt's eyes.

So.

-Bam!

"Hmph!"

-Bam!

"Ugh!"

-Puck!

"......."

-Bam!

"Suck!"

It's been beaten down for a long time.

Reinhardt didn't really mean to kill Ellen, but he didn't let it slide either.

Ellen's stamina and fatigue from being on the run for so long had pushed her to the limit, and she couldn't remember the last time she'd had a proper rest.

I can't even remember the last time I had a proper meal.

So it was a one-sided beating.

You can't control your emotions, and your body is already at its limit.

I'd rather have peace of mind.

The pain, the ache.

I'd rather be beaten like that than verbally criticized.

I think words would hurt more, so I'd rather be beaten like this than not.

I feel like I'm being punished for what I've done.

When I think about it, it hurt, but it was a relief.

But the pain is cumulative.

I was already at my physical and mental limits.

A moment when you don't know how much you've been beaten, when your vision is blurred not by grief but by pain and the limits of your consciousness.

One knee kick as Reinhardt approaches.

-Thump!

"Hmph......gh!"

It hit her, and she ended up passing out.



* * *



-shootaaaaa

By the time Ellen woke up, the sun had set and night had already fallen on the deserted island.

"Ugh......!"

Then, as he regained consciousness, he scrambled to his feet, realizing with horror where he had passed out.

Fainting was rare. Passing out in a no-man's land is the equivalent of death.

My body had never been pushed to such extremes before.

My whole body ached and ached.

"Are you awake?"

At the sound of a voice, I turned my head, and Reinhardt was still there.

In front of Reinhardt was a bonfire.

-Tadac

And on that bonfire, something on a skewer was roasting.

It was a big lobster.

A few had already been eaten, and their shells lay beside them.

It's been a long time since I've eaten a tree root, chewed on a tree, or had a proper meal in a city.

There was little in the way of meat available where the monsters were seething.

So, it's not just now that I'm lethally hungry, it's always been that way.

"Eat."

"......."

The nonchalant manner in which he spoke left Ellen speechless.

I don't think I'm supposed to do this.

I don't think this is supposed to happen.

I don't think I should be doing this so casually, like I'm just going to breeze through everything.

Reinhardt frowns as he watches Ellen, unable to move closer or further away.

"Don't make me tired, eat."

"Yeah....... Mmm, I'll eat......."

Eventually, afraid to see Reinhardt angry, Ellen crawls over to the campfire.

Ellen can't help but notice.

I wonder if I caught it myself.

Even if you pretend, it looks like your clothes are wet and dry.

I must have caught it myself.

I don't know how long I was stunned.

But during that stunned period, my body was revitalized to some extent.

Reinhardt said nothing.

Ellen gently removes the claws from the baked lobster and detaches the tail.

It was pretty hot to the touch, but that didn't matter.

Somehow, it's a little pathetic.

It's not that I'm sad or hopeless or anything.

You try to run away, but you can't.

It's not a tearful reunion, and it's not listening to criticism.

I don't know if Ellen heard something that made her want to kill herself.

I felt like I was driving myself crazy by not saying anything.

He struggles with a branch, gets a good beating, and passes out.

Then he gets up and tries to eat the lobster with his bare hands.

Even now, Ellen is a scruffy, disheveled mess.

You should look like a beggar and eat like a beggar.

And you have to eat it in front of the last person you want to look like this.

But Reinhardt prepared it for me, so I have no choice but to eat it.

It's not that big of a deal compared to the things you've been doing wrong, but not eating is still wrong.

Even in this form, on a topic like this.

My stomach is hungry and my tongue is tingling.

This situation.

Too.

Too.

terribly.

Not sad or sick.

I'm embarrassed to death.

"......."

"Eat it? What do you have to be sorry about? What's the big deal about this now?"

When Ellen can't do this or that, Reinhard frowns, wondering if there's another reason.

It's not.

Not because I'm sorry and sad.

Ashamed.

I'm too embarrassed to eat.

I'm speechless.

"Oh, no....... Not that......."

But the words that are on the tip of my tongue don't come out because I realize how ridiculous it would be to say that I'm ashamed or embarrassed by the situation.

"Or eat it."

In the end, Ellen can't resist Reinhardt's advances and bites into the lobster's flesh.

In one bite, Ellen's mind went blank.

It's so good, it'll make your tongue melt.

Too sweet.

Why it tastes so sweet.

That's weird.

I don't think it has any sugar in it.

I felt like I was going to lose my mind from the sweetness that was about to cross my tongue and melt my brain.

I want to shove it all in my mouth right now.

But it's too embarrassing to do so.

But the moment you bite into it, the juices are splattered all over your mouth, so no matter how much you want to eat it, it's not going to be pretty.

And the fact that you want to eat pretty is the most pathetic of all.

Reinhard stares at Ellen, her eyes wide with a mouthful of food, unable to move.

With a sour look on his face, Reinhardt opens his mouth.

"After all, you've just ridden through Cernstadt territory without washing up properly, and you're no better than a feral dog, so why don't you just take it easy?"

"!!!!"

It's not that I don't know.

I knew what I was thinking.

Eventually, tears well up in my eyes.

Not because it's too sad.

I'm sorry.

"흐......끅......."

"...... goes to hell."

It's not that I didn't wash, it's that I didn't.

Hold back the urge to say something like that. You know they'll say it on purpose.

It's not like it's going to help the situation.

Ellen stifled a sob of disappointment and ate her bite.

And when they weren't enough, they went into the ocean and caught a few more.

Reinhardt looked at it, gritted his teeth, turned his head, and laughed.

It's nice to smile, but.

I appreciate you not being angry, but.

It wasn't a happy laugh, it was a sneer.

Ellen cried a little more because the sneer made her feel sad.



* * *



I tried to make it look like a dog, but that's not going to happen when you're eating it with your bare hands.

Reinhardt looked at Ellen's mess and stepped away slightly, as if he were about to see something dirty.

It's sad, it's sad, it's depressing.

But I never thought it would be this way.

I thought I'd get blame, resentment, or something like that for running away.

It's not that, it's that I'm treated like I'm too messy to get along with, which makes me sad in a way I never imagined.

Not in the "I resent you" kind of way.

You're dirty.

Hearing this makes my head spin.

Even worse, Ellen knew better than anyone that she was actually dirty.

"Are you done?"

"ugh, ugh......."

Ellen nods cautiously at Reinhardt's question. With a few stomps of his foot, Reinhardt clears the campfire and begins to walk away.

"Follow me."

"......."

Reinhardt strode ahead, unopposed, and Ellen stumbled to her feet and cautiously followed.

When Ellen gets close enough, Reinhardt suddenly starts to walk loudly.

He looks back and smirks.

As if you had a bad joke up your sleeve.

"......www."

"......."

But when he saw the look on Ellen's face, he shut up.

I knew that if I said one more word about hygiene, Ellen would look like she was going to choke herself to death.

Ellen was now being pushed to the edge in a direction she never expected.

Reinhardt entered the mansion, something that had never been on this deserted island before.

Open the gate, step inside, and light the lamp.

"You'll have everything you need. Get cleaned up and rested."

"......?"

"I have a lot of work to do. I'll be back tomorrow. Or maybe the day after."

With those words, Reinhardt left the manor.

I opened the door to the mansion and Reinhardt was already gone.

I felt possessed.

What is this mansion?

I didn't even know if I was actually in the right place for the desert island group mission.

I don't even know what Reinhardt is trying to do.

But the point is, you've already been caught.

You can't run away.

"ah......."

Was it?

Ellen realizes.

This is a deserted island.

You can't swim to shore from an uninhabited island in the middle of nowhere.

Even if you don't know how to navigate, and you somehow manage to build a raft or something, it's suicidal to rely on it and move forward.

Where you can't run away.

This is a prison.

Reinhardt walks away, knowing that Ellen can't get away.

"I see...... you mean......."

Ellen realizes that she is trapped in the world's biggest prison.

A physical cage can be smashed by Ellen.

But the ocean is a huge natural barrier that Ellen can't control.

Desert Island Prison.

I can't think of a better prison to keep Ellen locked up and stifled.

Ellen cautiously looks around the mansion.

I couldn't tell, but it seemed like it was meant to live on its own.

To illustrate that this isn't a hastily constructed mansion, there are even some magic tools that Ellen has never seen before.

I wonder if this is okay.

I don't think so.

But in the end, the thought of not being able to escape overrides all of Ellen's other preoccupations.

You've probably thought of this too.

I think I even expected to give up.

Maybe she thought about the day she would find Ellen, and knew she would try to run away like she did last time.

I wonder if that's why we have a place like this.

Ellen heads to the bathroom, frustrated with whoever's plan this place was.

I already had a change of clothes.

After removing her soiled clothes, cloak, and boots, Ellen washes herself in hot water.

Be meticulous.

Like you're going to wash every single hair on your head.

Even after a long, frantic wash, I wasn't done.

Fill a bathtub with water and submerge yourself in it.

"......."

I wanted to take a break.

I hadn't had a proper break in years.

So I'm left with this weird feeling like I don't deserve to feel this way.

Sinking into the bathtub.

I can't figure out what's going on.

I wonder if it's okay to let it all slip away like this.

No conclusions were drawn.

However.

So warm, so warm.

It's a prison.

I'm sorry that I've been given such a warm place, and I'm in pain.

"......black."

Ellen cried again.





