Episode 697.





"I mean, honestly, it's fun."

"What do you mean, fun?"

Tana shakes her head at Bertus's words.

"This is what you look like."

"ah......."

"You've never been treated like this before in your life."

"Well, yes....... but......."

The emotions that Saviolin Tana feels in this village are new to her.

Everywhere she went, she was the Emperor's second in command.

It wasn't even a position that was earned by blood or anything else, but by merit.

As such, she was the furthest thing from incompetent.

There may have been a mistake in the command she received, but there was never a mistake in her execution.

In fact, she carried out the impossible orders of the last emperor to perfection.

It was a life without fail.

But ever since she arrived in this snowy town, she's been a failure at everything.

I've become so used to that failure that if Tana walks around with something heavy, even a four-year-old neighborhood kid will offer to help her.

Tana sighs.

"Hah....... I think the people of this town are more capable, wise, and well-rounded than any I've ever seen in my life."

"I think similarly."

Supporting yourself in life.

Those who have run the world marvel at how a community of only three hundred homes can live cooperatively and self-sufficiently in this extreme environment.

Every single person in the village knows what needs to be done, and they do it.

Someone should always be available to fill someone else's role.

That's why everyone needs to be a jack of all trades.

All Tana had to do was use her sword.

So in this small community, Tana becomes fatally incompetent.

"If monsters were common, I'd have something to do about it, but they're not, and it's a strange thing to wish for......."

"That's a good thing."

"Yes......."

In fact, excessive Ojira monsters are also very rare.

The occasional monster is found dead in the wild, or if found, hunted by the town's hunters.

There are plenty of other people who can do the hard work, and there's no reason to jump through hoops.

A pretty lady for kids.

A foolish and naive neighbor to the Anaks.

For the elderly, the cute and silly new house is Tana's reality.

"But it's still hard for me to deal with people who are so much younger than me treating me like a child....... It's still hard to take, although the hardest part is not having anything to say."

In fact, Tana outlived the oldest man in the village.

Everyone is like a child, and they don't know what they're talking about.

And we don't actually know anything.

The disparity is a source of frustration for Tana.

Tana gazes out the window at the snow falling, her cup of water cooling.

"Still....... I'm grateful that a place like this exists."

I was trying to live out of sight in the extreme outback.

However, you still live in a place with people.

And you can live with it.

Tana laughed as she said it, and Bertus laughed too.

Snowy snowfield.

An unnamed town.

-I hear it's a boy.

-Uh-oh, yeah!

There, just now, the news of new life was resounding.



* * *



A healthy baby boy is born, and the mother is healthy.

When Berton urged his hunters to go out hunting, even in the snow, in anticipation of his wife's birth, he did so so that they could feast after the child was safely delivered.

Of course, the mother and child, as well as Berton, couldn't make it to the feast because they were at his side.

In the hall in the center of the village, all sorts of meat dishes were prepared to celebrate the auspicious occasion, as well as the reindeer that Bertus had hunted.

It was only natural that Tana and Bertus would join the feast.

-It should have been a daughter.

-Why would she be a daughter?

-If it's a boy, he'll be just like Berton, that rambunctious bastard. Wouldn't it be better to have a daughter who's more like Ella?

-You say your daughter looks like her dad, but isn't it possible that she's a clueless daughter who looks like Bettany?

-Gee, that would be a little awkward.

-Uhhhhhh!

Everyone was talking about the birth of a new life.

People were chatting and drinking fermented reindeer's milk.

It's not a lot, but it's not a lot either.

It's not like they can't afford a feast, and there are plenty of good hunters in town.

So on a good day, you can eat and drink as much as you want.

Bertus and Tana were also used to rough food, so they felt comfortable eating it.

Of course, Tana's face was not pleased.

Because on a day like this, there's something you'll inevitably hear.

"So, what's your baby's schedule?"

"For example, ......?"

The old man who worked as a midwife today approaches Violet and asks her with a kindly smile.

If you're going to ask me what's coming up on a day like this, what is it?

Child.

When are you going to give birth?

Not surprisingly, Tana's complexion turns white.

"I know you're scared by what you saw today, but we've all been there. It's not scary, it's great, it's sacred."

"ah......."

Tana is older than an old woman.

An older man, younger than her, asks her when she's going to have a baby, which, of course, makes Tana feel like she's going to go crazy.

Tana opens her mouth to say something.

"That, that....... It's putting up a good fight, but......."

Obviously, I haven't even tried it until now.

"허허....... The good guys and gals who don't seem to have a problem with Chuck don't stand a chance......."

The old woman squints her eyes again, this time at Bertus.

"Are you an asshole?"

"What?!"

A good old-fashioned dog whistle.

“아니! 아닙니다! 아니에요! 우, 우리 남편은! 머, 멀쩡해요! 건강하거든요! 자, 잔뜩! 잔뜩이거든요! 매, 매일! 막!”

Eventually, Savior Tana turned bright red and cried out.

The only thing that annoys her more than her own story is Bertus's, which she can't seem to let go of.

But once he did, he realized what he'd said and paled.

A bunch of them.

What the heck is a bunch of stuff?

"Every, every day....... Uh, a lot......."

What's daily is daily, and what's huge is huge.

"......Sit down, honey."

Tana jumped to her feet, only to collapse back into her seat as Bertus gently tugged her to her feet.

"Hehe....... You're more energetic this way......."

The old woman laughs, and so does everyone else at the table. After all, they're having fun making fun of this silly, pretty new girl.

If you don't know what you're doing, and you're always looking like an idiot, so be it.

In this town where everything is frozen, no matter what I say, they always react like a fish out of water.

The cranky old people have made it a point to make fun of her. My husband is funny too, but he's a gentleman, so no matter what they do to him, he's very polite.

A schoolboy, to say the least.

No matter what you tell him, he understands it, remembers it, does it, and takes it seriously.

It's useful, but it's not fun.

On the other hand, there's the wife, who is clumsy at everything she does, tries to do well but can't, and is always upset and restless.

It's useless, but it's fun.

In their own ways, they've both become necessary parts of the village.

-If it's a lot, how much is too much?

-He's a businessman, even if he doesn't look like one. He went out there by himself once and brought in a bear. He caught it, but what does it take to bring it in?

-bone?

-That's a given.

-then waist?

-Cancer. That guy's got a bad back.

-Hehe....... He didn't look like that.......

-There's more to it than meets the eye.

There's some joking chatter here and there, and Tana's face is getting redder and redder. Bertus's hand trembles as he grips his glass.

"Me, sorry, honey......."

"It's okay......."

They care about each other terribly, as evidenced by the fact that they've come this far together.

But the respect they have for each other puts the viewer in a strange mood.

It's like young people dating and being married.

Everybody's talking about it, but it looks good, so it's good. That's what everybody thinks.

And so the feast continues.

Soon, Bertus saw the chief seated at the head of the table talking to someone who had entered the hall.

Chief of an unnamed village and leader of a band of hunters.

He was in charge of the men when they went to hunt reindeer.

He engaged in a brief conversation and soon left the room.

Bertus watched the spectacle, though the chief's expression was a bit ominous, as it should be.

"......."

"......."

And it wasn't just Bertus, Tana shared that look with Bertus.

I don't even know what it is.

Bertus shrugs slightly, and Tana smiles softly.

The feast continues.

After some time had passed, Mr. Berton appeared in the hall, saying that his wife had fallen asleep.

After a round of congratulations for being the guest of honor, Berton sat down next to Bertus.

"Brother Radias."

"Yes, Beton."

"Why don't you make it easier on yourself......."

"I'm comfortable with this, so congratulations today. You're a boy."

Bertus congratulated him, and Berton scratched his head.

Berton was, of course, much younger than his wife, Ella Bertus.

But even so, Bertus learned more about the affairs of the village from Berton than he did from the adults in the village.

So Bertus always had a lot to thank Berton for.

"Yes, I'm healthy. I was a little worried, but Ella seems fine and....... By the way, is everything okay with your brother?"

At that, Tana blushes.

"What? Ah....... Yes, sin, sorry."

"He said that if Ella was so worried, she should go see you."

"Please be sure to tell her I'm sorry......."

The person helping her was more frightened and shaking than the person giving birth, so the midwife sent her away to go and rest.

"By the way, brother."

"Yes, Beton."

"My child, no name yet."

Berton asks Bertus with a serious look on his face.

"Can you give it a name?"

Bertus couldn't help but feel flustered.

"......What's your name?"

"Yes, I would really like my brother to build it. Originally, the village chief would do it, but when I asked him, he said it was okay......."

It sounded like fatuousness to Bertus, and to Tana, who was listening.

I never thought I'd be asked to name someone in my lifetime. And I'm still the new kid on the block.

Is it okay to have your own punchline, like naming a child who will become a villager?

I already had the chief's permission, so why not, but it was a bit embarrassing.

"Because I feel something for you."

"What is......?"

"I don't know what to say....... I can't really put it into words, but you look different from the likes of me, and if you're going to name my child after me, I think he'll have a bright future......."

When Bertus heard that, he realized why Berton was saying this.

Feeling like a different person from the ground up.

You get that vibe from their tone of voice and behavior, even if you can't quite put your finger on it.

Bertus seemed to know what he was talking about, but he still hesitated.

To give someone a name.

It's a seemingly insignificant task that could determine someone's entire life.

Me, do I deserve it?

I left everything behind and ran away.

Is it okay to do that?

I had a problem that no one else knew about.

-About

A thick hand rested on Bertus's shoulder.

"I'll do it, but."

"Ah....... Chief."

Chief and leader of the hunters.

When he returned, he had a hand on Bertus's shoulder and was smiling.

"In a town where there's nothing new, there's nothing as special as a new name."

It would be disrespectful to your new home and your new child if the village chief invited you to stay and you refused for some unexplained reason.

"Yes, let me think about it."

"Thank you, brother!"

We can't just name it, so you'll have to think about it.

But the chief's hand didn't budge, even though he said he'd think about a name for someone.

"And, step out for a second."

"What? Ah....... Yes."

"And, Ms. Violet, could you come out here for a moment?"

"......Ah, yeah."

Is there something to be said for that?

As you follow the chief out of the town hall, the chief walking ahead of you with his back to you says, "Don't move.

"We have a customer looking for you."

Bertus, Tana, and I all felt a chill run down our spines at those simple words.

How?

Who came.

Did the trackers make it this far through the backcountry?

If so, what to do.

The chief said it wasn't a big deal, but it's not uncommon.

Just as it's a big deal for Tana and Bertus to arrive in this unnamed snowy town, it's no small feat for the guests looking for them to make it this far.

"Let me know if you need help. I'll be watching."

As if he knew it was a bad thing, the chief said.

No wonder.

If you're looking for someone to come all the way here, you know that the person you're looking for, or the person you're trying to find, can't be a normal person.

How it can help.

It doesn't matter who comes to help, if they can't handle it themselves.

Bertus is Bertus, but the viola tana is treated like half a dime here.

But they've been in this nameless town for a long time.

So, we don't know if it will actually help or not.

I already trusted in the giant back of the chief hunter and village chief.

You don't even know why you believe it.

Just as they taught me how to hunt, butcher, navigate and survive in the snow.

It seems to be able to find its way through these unknowns.

Both Tana and Bertus find themselves already trusting the chief without reason or evidence.

With that, the chief, Tana, and Bertus left the hall.

It was a snowy night and everyone in the village was in the hall, so there was silence in the village except for the loud sounds from the hall.

You follow the chief as he walks to the outskirts of town.

Where you've trudged through the snow to get there.

There were two men in black robes.

Two black robes with a little snow on them.

"Let's talk."

With those words, the chief turns away and speaks only with his eyes.

If you ask for help, they will help you in some way.

The fact that they were waiting, not raiding, meant that they either didn't want to harm the village or had some business there.

Two people in a blizzard, dressed in black robes.

The person on the right carefully removes the hood.

"......!"

"You, are you......?"

And both Bertus and Tana were stunned.

Long hair, black as night.

The Pale Face.

"It's been a while."

"Anna......?"

Anna de Guerna, the missing warlock, was there.

The person on the left also removes their hood.

"Louis......."

Similarly, the man on the left was Louis Ankton, who disappeared with him.

The remnants of the long-defunct Gradias Empire have reunited for the first time in five years on a plateau far from civilization.





