Episode 698.





It was Anna and Louis who came to the unreachable place.

Their relationship ended with the demise of the Gradias Empire.

Bertus is wanted, but Anna and Louis are not.

All information about anyone associated with Immortal has been buried beneath the surface. That's why Louis and Anna are not wanted.

But it was like they'd dropped off the face of the earth.

Anna and Bertus' promise went as far as killing Christina.

What happened after that is a story of nothing.

Bertus tried to die, but could not.

Anna and Louis disappeared, and we traveled through time to find Bertus and Tana, now hiding in the backwoods.

But the reunion isn't a happy one.

We don't know how long time changed Anna and Louis, just as we don't know how long time changed Bertus and Tana.

And I don't know how I ended up in the middle of nowhere.

That's why both Tana and Bertus were nervous and kept their distance.

Neither Anna nor Louis approaches them, seemingly aware of their wariness.

However, Anna's expression was serene.

No anger, no hate, no sadness.

I had no idea what he meant.

"I won't make this a long story. I've been gathering the scattered mages of Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages of Gradias."

Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages.

The emperor ordered them to disband, just before the empire faded away.

After the final battle in Diane, their fate was up to them.

None of them have joined the Demon King's new empire.

They can't join in the first place. The responsibilities of the imperial family are also their responsibilities, and the demon king is in no position to take them with him.

The greatest power of the Gradias Empire was, naturally, the group that should have been liquidated along with the rest of the Old Empire.

This is why Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages were scattered after the Battle of Diane.

There would be people living their own lives, finding their own paths, living somewhere with a hidden past.

Like Bertus and Tana living the life of a fugitive.

Some of them, many years later, had aligned themselves with the new empire.

And a few of them have aligned themselves with the anti-demonic Human Autonomy.

The scattered remnants of the past go their separate ways.

However, most of the mages of Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages have gone into hiding.

Anna says she's reuniting those scattered imperial mages with Shanapelle.

"Why would they do that?"

At Bertus's wary words, Anna stares at him.

"I'm going to create an association."

"What......?"

"I'm trying to create something like the Black Order or the Cantus Magna. No....... It's already been done."

Bertus couldn't help but roll his eyes.

In the aftermath of the Empire's demise, Anna has drawn together a rather scattered group of Chanapels and imperial mages.

The group that the Emperor disbanded, Anna reunited.

And it has already become an organization worthy of being called an association.

"That's....... Why are you making it? What are you going to do with it?"

"Well."

Anna looks out over the snowfield on a snowy night.

"They scattered because they couldn't be incorporated into the new empire."

"People with too much to do to stay hidden, scattered and holding their breath. That in itself is a disservice to humanity....... No, it's a disservice to people."

"It's also pointless that some of those people are just waiting to die in an autonomous territory with no hope and no future."

"There's more we can do together than we can do separately."

"I've got it together for now."

"There are a lot of things you can do."

"We could wipe out monsters that are just out of people's reach."

"What the Black Order did, what the New Empire can't do, we can do in the shadows."

"But in most situations, if it's not something everyone needs, I'll be a bystander."

"It's more likely that our generation will just create this association and pass our work on to the next generation."

"It's best if we don't end up doing anything."

"Just in case, somewhere, at some point."

"I'm gathering people, in case you need us."

"That's it."

"I'm not going to listen to you tell me this is right or wrong."

"This was the best I could do."

"Just as you did your best, so did we."

Powerful individuals are more powerful when they are united than when they are scattered.

So while there's no specific use for their power yet, it's too much of a waste for them to be scattered and living in Jaya.

Anna gathered them together.

The Black Order is gone.

However, a new Black Order has been created.

Knights and wizards from a lost empire become secret societies for a new one.

There's no point in talking about being right.

Just as Bertus ran away.

Anna did something, too.

Bertus felt embarrassed, but not angry.

The moment the Empire ceased to exist, so did the Emperor's authority over Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages.

It's their choice to come to Anna.

For now, I'm just curious.

"So, why am I here?"

Why would anyone come looking for Lung-je, who has chosen a life on the run?

What do you want from someone who has given up everything.

Anna's expression was unreadable, but Bertus seemed to know what was coming.

"The rationale is lacking."

"......?"

"Yeah, rationale."

Anna says still.

"Most of the scattered people still follow you. Most of them are loyalists from countries that no longer exist, who think that living quietly under a new empire is bending to your will."

"A few of those people have decided to join us, but there are many more who refuse because they think it's against your will to join a group like this."

"We know where they are, but there are a lot of people who have no intention of joining us."

It was about what I expected.

"You mean, if I join you, I can unite them all?"

"Yes, and here's Sir Tana."

A new association has been created.

But Anna de Guerna doesn't have a reason and she doesn't deserve it.

There are those who join the cause, but there are many more who refuse to join, believing that Bertus' last command was silence.

Emperor of a lost empire.

And the emperor's knight.

When they join, they can quickly absorb all the hesitant ones.

Reuniting Shanapelle and the Imperial Mages will make them a formidable force.

It's probably already powerful enough to be called an Order by now, but with Bertus on board, it'll be easy to rally the scattered masses just by having someone with both the name and the credentials.

It's one thing to be a minor wizard of the realm, it's another to be the Emperor of the realm.

"Besides, I don't think I'm cut out for this, and neither is Louis."

Anna created a new power.

But you don't own it.

"I don't just want your cooperation, and I don't just need you for the sake of it."

"......."

"All of this, you take care of."

At that, Bertus stares at Anna, his expression stony.

"Is the leader of that organization....... to be its leader?"

"Yes. We trust your judgment."

"......."

"A lot of things went wrong, but I think you did the best you could, and the world is proving that it wasn't the worst choice."

"......."

"Lead us."

Anna isn't trying to create an association and wield it.

I have come to form an association and offer it to the Emperor of the Ruins.

You never know, you might need it someday.

We gathered people who were too good to be buried, and we found people who could do something more with their lives.

That's as far as Anna could see her role going.

Gathering scattered people.

I came to Bertus to ask him what happened next.

And to keep himself as one of the settlers.

Bertus remains still, staring into Tana's face.

Maybe it's the cold, maybe they're scared.

He had a pale complexion.

"......."

Tana looked uneasy, then cautiously.

Bertus's fingertips squeezed very weakly.

There was no conversation.

However, the tremor in his fingertips speaks volumes.

The look of desperation on your face also speaks volumes.

Bertus smiles faintly at the look on Tana's face.

"Anna....... I don't blame you, and I don't deserve it."

"......."

"You granted my last request, and for that alone, I am grateful to you."

Last minute.

Kill your friends.

Bertus asked for a cruel favor, and Anna granted it.

That wasn't a deal.

Bertus had nothing to offer.

"But it was cowardly and lame enough to run away."

Tana's only request as she threw herself down.

It was a plea to live.

It is also cowardly to try to find your own honor in death.

But why can't you make a really cowardly, really crappy choice.

It's the life of a fugitive who can't push the words away.

But that choice wasn't forced.

In the end, Bertus made his own choice.

You've made a coward of yourself.

"You can't wear another crown you made for yourself, on a subject you abandoned and ran away from."

"That's cowardly and old-fashioned and all that, so I'm going to leave it at......."

"It's just cheesy."

"From the moment I abandoned all my responsibilities and ran away, I never had any rights."

"So if anyone in the world comes and offers me any rights and powers, I will not and cannot accept them."

"The moment you throw it away, it's already done."

You've abdicated your responsibility.

He chose the life of a fugitive.

So I can't have any rights in my life anymore.

That's fair.

That was Bertus's decision to run away.

"So I have no future responsibilities, no rights, and no intention of seeking any honor."

"To survive."

"Other than that, I'm not going to do anything."

Bertus squeezes Tana's hand, which she holds lightly.

Tana jumps back in surprise when Bertus squeezes her hand hard.

"I'm sorry, Anna."

"I'm not going to say it's right or wrong, and I don't want to take any rights or responsibilities for it."

"You created that, against my will."

"Then you should be its rightful owner, not me."

Is it a criticism that something made with your own hands should be left in the hands of others.

Or does it mean that even the work you did was your own, and that the glory and responsibility should be yours.

It's just that Bertus has no intention of wearing another crown dedicated to him.

You have made a crown where there was none, and you shall wear it.

At that, both Anna and Louis are silent.

"I thought you'd say that."

I don't blame, I don't attack.

Anna nods, as if she somehow knew the ending before this conversation.

"But are you happy with this?"

Anna asks, pointing to a still, snowy village.

Quiet and unremarkable.

A small town in the middle of nowhere, where it's just cold.

That's it.

Is this your rest.

"You don't deserve it."

"......."

Bertus keeps his answer short.

"Let's go back, Louis."

"......Yes."

Louis Ankton stays still and bows his head toward Bertus and Tana.

Anna turns away without a word.

That was the end of the reunion.



* * *



Anna de Gerna is the new owner of the association.

It may have been Anna's plan to create that organization and have Bertus take command.

But Bertus didn't take it.

Anna would have realized the futility of forcing it on an unwilling Bertus.

That's why I went home quietly.

So Anna will have to start thinking.

What to do with your new association.

How to lead them.

By somehow managing and drowning out the internal noise and disagreements.

You have to lead them in some way.

The guests, looking for an outsider in a town that had no reason for them to be there, went home quietly.

There was no commotion, but Bertus and Tana's faces were set.

Anna and Louis went home.

However, someone has already figured out where they are.

There's no way they can't figure it out, and there's no telling what the other workers will say to Anna and Louis when they return with the results.

They're gone for now, but they might come back for more.

And there's no guarantee that you'll be as persuasive then as there is now.

"I'll have to leave."

"......, maybe."

Tana nods sadly at Bertus' words.

You must leave, if only to avoid harming this village.

There is no such thing as a permanent place in a fugitive's life.

We're only here for a short time, but we can't be complacent.

After all, the backcountry is a place that can be reached by someone.

So now we're back on the road, a long road with no idea where we're going.

The only good thing is that today's guests aren't here with any animosity.

For the favors this town has shown them so far, the only way to repay them would be to disappear as quickly and quietly as possible, lest they come to harm.

And just like that, I was on my way back from the outskirts of town.

In the snowy streets, a giant shade awaited Tana and Bertus.

"...... village chief."

They were met by a village chief who offered to help them if they asked.

"So, who were the guests?"

The chief asks, smirking as always.

"This is your old friend......."

"Friends. Good."

The chief chuckles.

The chief's boisterous laughter echoed through the snowy village, and the sounds of a raucous crowd could be heard in a distant hall where a feast was in full swing.

The chief speaks from a vantage point overlooking the village, with his back to you.

"Do you have a story?"

The chief's sudden question left Bertus speechless.

It was a question that no one in the village, let alone the chief, had asked in the short time we had known each other.

"Without ......, I can't."

"Yeah, I guess so."

How could there not be a story for one who had to come so far beyond this civilization?

And when he has guests who come to him from beyond civilization, how can there not be a story?

The chief puts his hand on Bertus's shoulder.

The thick chief's arm rested on her shoulder, and Tana watched with a slightly uneasy expression.

"Then."

"......?"

"Then in this town, is there no story?"

It is said that those who flee beyond civilization must have a story.

A village in the middle of nowhere, beyond civilization, doesn't have a story.

"Just as you didn't ask, we didn't ask."

Bertus and Tana realize it's a strange town, but they don't ask.

The villagers didn't ask them either.

"We don't know who you are."

"......."

"But."

The chief grabs Bertus by the shoulders and points to the village.

"You don't have to know who they are to be their neighbor."

Bertus and Tana don't know what this town is.

However, in order to return the favor and goodwill of these villagers, you want to leave the village to avoid causing any harm.

That's because it thinks of them as neighbors.

We don't know each other, but we're neighbors.

Here's the story.

We don't have to know each other's stories to accept and understand them.

The moment Tana carried a stunned Bertus over the snowy mountains to reach this place.

People accepted Tana and Bertus as neighbors without wondering why.

I understood Tana's desperation, her need.

"This village exists because we recognize the obvious: the colder it is, the closer together we must live."

It's cold, and people need to stay close together to survive.

This is that community.

"No matter how small this town is, how little there is to eat, how harsh the weather......."

The chief laughs.

"One handsome young man, one old woman whose eyes are suspiciously pretty."

"......!"

-Hahahahahaha!

The chief laughed as the world went by, and Bertus and Tana went white as a sheet.

Where the hell am I?

Who is here.

Who the hell is the chief.

I know nothing.

Eventually.

Just as the chief hadn't asked anything so far, Bertus hadn't asked anything either.

The Chief says.

"So, you don't have to leave."

To Bertus and Tana, the words felt like a promise from the gods.

"This is ....... Chief."

So I just said, "Yeah.



* * *



Tana and Bertus returned home.

Anna and Louis came to visit.

Then I realized that I was in an unknown town.

"This is....... ."

Up until now, we've both been curious, but now the space is starting to feel like some kind of mystery.

"I don't know."

The chief didn't tell them to leave.

I was told I didn't have to leave.

No matter what, they'd do it, no matter what, reassured Bertus and even Tana.

The chief promised that he would continue to embrace them as he had embraced them before.

An opportunity presented itself, and Bertus turned it down.

You'll never know if it was right or wrong.

You've chosen to live the life of a fugitive, and you've been promised protection.

So in this unnamed snowy town.

This is probably what Bertus and Tana have left behind.

"Did you know who I am....... who I am?"

"That's....... I'm not sure."

The chief had known all along that Tana was much older than she looked.

Are the other villagers?

If the townspeople have been making fun of you all this time, you must be really bad.

Tana gritted her teeth in embarrassment and frustration.

They decided to stay in town.

I'd be lying if I said it didn't blow my mind.

There's another opportunity.

Some unexpected spots.

Just imagining sitting in a seat that someone else had created allowed me to design in decades of what I could do.

If you can and should still do something, you can come up with anything.

But.

All that imagination was dashed in one fell swoop.

Tana's fingertips trembled with anxiety.

The moment it touched his hand ever so slightly, it was gone.

A certain desperation to not do so was conveyed in that single tremor.

What's not your place.

Something that can no longer be yours.

All delusions about him were wiped clean.

I left everything behind.

However, something still remains.

I ran away and found a place of sanctuary.

And I didn't get there alone.

There's no reason to fantasize or dream about something new.

I chose the life of a fugitive, and someone was always with me on the run.

So, instead of putting a new crown on your head, you should cherish what you have left.

It's enough to spend time with the people you have left and the time you have left.

As I told Anna.

When asked if I was happy with this, I said that I didn't deserve it.

Undeserved.

The emperor who lost everything.

One who stays by the side of an emperor who has been reduced to nothing.

With someone who deserves it.

In an undeserved place.

Protected by some undeserving being.

How could I not feel more than satisfied and undeserving?

It is sinful that such undeservedness is allowed.

You don't have to hurt the world to dream of something.

"Tana."

"Is that ......?"

As Bertus approaches, Tana's eyes fill with panic.

It's a look you've never seen before.

"We......."

"......."

That hesitant approach is all it takes.

What you're trying to do.

What you want.

I get it.

"Oh, no....... Uh, how dare I......."

"...... Why not?"

"That....... Bertus is not like me....... much younger and....... and......."

Tana blanched, her complexion turning blue. Bertus narrowed his brow.

"......Does that make sense?"

"......Yes?"

"If we're going to live here for the rest of our lives, we're going to have to pretend to be married for the rest of our lives."

"Ah."

I can't even say something weird like that because it's not true.

"In this small town, are you suggesting I have an affair?"

"That's not....... Not......."

Bertus sat still in front of Tana.

"Stay alive, you asked."

"......Yes."

I did him a favor.

That's how we got here.

"Now then, can I do you a favor?"

"For example, ......?"

"I'm sick and tired of hearing about it."

When to create.

When.

That should be enough to convey what you're asking for.

"Why not ......?"

We've been together for years.

Tana is healthy in many ways, and Bertus knows it.

"That......! That! That! Being, being....... No, that, impossible that....... Oh, no....... but....... But! I've seen Bertus since he was a baby! How could I, how could I......!"

"I don't know about that."

"Ugh, ugh....... You can't do this....... No....... Please......."

Tana was almost crying.

I can't push it, I can't not push it.

It just turns blue and starts crying.

When pushed.

I'm not leaving this town, so I'm not going to pretend to be a married couple for the rest of my life and force them to be celibate.

Saying I love you.

We love each other so much that the words themselves are unnecessary.

There's no reason why you shouldn't.

The only reason they've been pretending is because Tana wants to keep some sort of conscience, and Bertus respects that.

However, Bertus no longer has any respect for Tana.

Then, in fact, it's all over.

"I don't know, just stay put."

"That, that....... That's......!"

After that, it's like she just screamed her face off in the hall.

Daily.

A lot.

Enormously.

It was a mess.





