408.





I want to distance myself from Reinhardt.

But I knew that the best way to clear my cluttered mind was to eventually get lost in something.

Memorizing complex magical formulas or facing difficult problems clears his mind. Herriot was no stranger to clearing his mind through study and research.

That's why she's been doing research.

Even that research, Reinhardt's proposed warp gate to the otherworld, was miserable, but it was all Herriot had to cling to.

After her day at the temple, Herriot headed to the palace.

Researching the warp gate system in the library of the Imperial Ministry of Magic was originally Reinhardt's idea, but it also intrigued Herriot.

A magic system that's been around for a long time.

It was an eye-opener in itself to understand such a vast system that had been touched by so many archmages.

Warp gate research requires a basic understanding of dimensional magic. As such, Herriot has developed his understanding to the point where he feels he could develop his own gate system on a small scale.

Due to recent events, the atmosphere around the temple has changed a lot.

-From the warrior.......

-It would be nice if you could come out of the temple.......

The chanting crowd has grown quite a bit, camped out in the temple.

The reason is to see Reinhard and Ellen, not the other way around.

Just as Reinhardt and Ellen were famous inside the temple and had people following them, so too were they outside the temple.

Most people didn't even know what Reinhard and Ellen looked like, so they wouldn't recognize them if they appeared outside the Temple, though the Temple guards were keeping a close eye on them in case the crowd became unruly.

-The Reincarnation of Artorius.......

Some people were saying things I couldn't understand. I had heard of a strange cult that believed in the reincarnation of Lagan Artorius.

I wonder if that's who's gathered here, if they believe Reinhardt's crazy stuff about being the reincarnation of Artorius.

Herriot couldn't understand people's weirdness.

However, there are consequences.

The hope of humanity.

Reinhardt, Ellen, and Olivia, who had become such a presence.

You are small and shabby.

There's no reason to be shabby, but if your opponent is too big, it's easy to lose heart.

So Herriot is about to give up.

Pushing through the crowds, Herriot made his way to the palace.



* * *



Arriving at the Imperial Ministry of Magic, Herriot shook his head at the uncharacteristic atmosphere.

In front of the research library, a group of wizards huddled together, watching a stack of books.

-Here....... This is how.......

-Great.......

-Where the heck is......?

A considerable collection of spellbooks, and the mages poring over the materials before him seemed to be high ranking, not lowly members of the Ministry of Magic.

Herriot had been in and out of the Ministry of Magic, but he wasn't particularly close to the imperial wizards, and by the looks of it, they were talking about something important, so he headed straight for his usual reading room.

Herriot is barely acquainted with the wizards of the Ministry of Magic. They all know that the Grand Duchess is doing important research with imperial permission, so they don't approach her to talk to her.

The only familiar faces were the entrance manager controlling the desks and the officer stationed in Room 