Episode 701.





Epilogue - Spring Palace



At some point, a cat started living in the palace.

A cat with fur as white as snow.

The reason it was known as the cat of the palace, rather than the emperor's cat, was that there was no one in the palace who claimed to own it.

You don't have a maid to take care of your cat, you're not exactly an emperor or empress, and you don't have someone feeding you.

There's no set place for it to appear.

One day it was yawning on the Emperor's lap, another in the arms of an Archmage on a palace walk, another dozing at a desk in the Regent's study, and still another, somehow, atop a chandelier in the main hall of the Tetra of the Central Palace.

They were even found not in the central palace, but somewhere in the seasonal palaces, including the Palace of Spring.

So it's a cat with an entire palace as its home.

It's a pretty privileged cat to be able to climb into the emperor's lap at any time, but when we get to the question of whether the emperor actually owns the cat, things get murky. The emperor hasn't given any specific orders about the cat's care.

And crucially, they were fairly rare to grow.

It's clear that he lives in the palace, but he's been seen for days, and sometimes for months, without anyone finding him.

The imperial palace is very large, so no one looks for it, assuming it's somewhere in the palace.

Eventually, they'll show up every few months, or even once a year.

And emperors and empresses don't look for cats when they're missing.

That's why it's known as a palace cat, not a cat owned by the emperor.

The only wild beast in the palace that can disappear and reappear at will.

It's a specialty of the palace, sure, but it's not a particularly important beast, and time has passed.

During that time, the empire has had a few tilts.

One of the empresses had a child, and she gave birth.

Time passed, as did events.

Over time, the famous cat was forgotten.

The cat hadn't been seen in almost four years.

There was talk of the cat dying somewhere in the palace, or getting stuck between buildings or on a rooftop somewhere, but no one looked for it because the emperor or empress hadn't told them to look for it.

But then, just as suddenly as it had disappeared, the cat reappeared.

The cat, who was gradually being forgotten, began to stroll through the palace unharmed, looking exactly as people remembered him.

Then, around the same time, the Emperor did the bizarre thing of bringing in an illegitimate child from somewhere. The imperial court was briefly up in arms, but the Archmage graciously accepted the child without much fuss.

It's been a while since that happened, and a while since then.

"......Princilla, didn't I tell you that once or twice?"

"Yes......."

2The princess was being scolded.

And directly to her mother, the Empress, the Archmage.

But even as she scolded Priscilla, Akmeiji couldn't help but look at the child sitting next to her.

The Archmage's expression grew more troubled as he watched.

She had snow-white skin, clear eyes, and shiny black hair in a tight braid.

His face was like porcelain, painstakingly molded by a master.

Add to that a cute dress with ruffles, and it's almost unbearable to not want to hug her.

But Empress Herriot composes herself.

"What's wrong with you, I've told you many times that Rune doesn't like this."

"But......."

2The princess, Priscilla, pouts.

Of all the Emperor's children, the Second Empress is said to have inherited the Emperor's unruly and maliciously stubborn personality the most.

We all prayed that they wouldn't be alike in that regard, but they were.

It's become a bit like a dog's tailgate where you have to do what you want to do.

"I'm not doing anything wrong."

"What......?"

"What did I do wrong?"

2Princess Priscilla.

Eventually, he points to his brother, who sits there as if he's missing a soul in the face of his mother's scolding.

"What's wrong with such a cute rune on a boy theme?"

"......!"

The Empress bit her tongue at the outlandishness of it all.

Emperor Lun simply sat there, as if he was used to his sister's tirades.

Eventually, Priscilla was caught by her mother and forced to listen to three hours of nagging.



* * *



Past.

Ellen, who hadn't been heard from in four years and didn't know where she was or what she was doing, gave the child to the Emperor.

I hadn't heard from him for a while because he was back in his hometown of Rizaira.

The emperor knew at once why he had returned and why he hadn't been heard from.

After a long time of reunions and stories, the Emperor returned to the palace.

"...... is Ellen's baby, and of course it's mine.

Akmeiji was surprised by the child's unexpected arrival and couldn't take his eyes off her.

A child, slightly frightened, cowering, clutching the emperor's pants, face down.

It was so adorable, I wanted to hug it right then and there.

'I can't believe....... gave birth to such a beautiful daughter and hid it all this time?

'......No.'

"......? Did you know that?

'I didn't realize....... Not that.......'

"Not that, but what?

'Is your daughter....... No.'

'????'

Suddenly, the empress understood why the emperor had that look on his face.

It was around this time that the white cat began to reappear in the palace.



* * *



It had been three years since the four-year-old prince came to the palace.

As Empress and Archmage, Herriet accepted Rune, the bastard child of the Emperor, as her own son.

This was partly because she had the most experience with childcare in the imperial family, and partly because she wanted it so badly.

But the problem was the second princess.

We all thought there might be a problem because she didn't like her brother or was jealous of his sudden appearance, but it was quite the opposite.

I liked it so much, it was a problem.

It's just that they're very weird in the way they like it.

She tried to dress up in girl's clothes at every opportunity, and tried not to fall off all day.

Just as Priscilla took on the emperor's eccentricities, Prince Rune took his mother's reticence a little too far.

It's clear that she dislikes Priscilla's behavior, but she doesn't express it strongly enough, so she ends up letting Priscilla get away with it.

So if the people in the palace looked away for a moment, they'd see the princess dragging the prince around, turning him into a little girl who just wanted to be held.

"......."

Scolded and told to stay away from Rune for the rest of the day, Princilla walked through the halls of the Palace of Spring with her horns raised.

Priscilla is in a bad mood.

I have to go to the temple tomorrow, which is a Monday, so the only time I can play with Rune, who is still young and not going to the temple, is today, which is a Sunday.

I'm sure my mother will be at Rune's side all day today, so I'll be sure to keep my glow on tight.

In the midst of all this, a high-pitched, shrill voice bursts into Priscilla's ear.

"From the looks of it, you've been up to your pervy ass again, and you've been punished by a witch."

A little taller than Priscilla.

And a beautiful face with gorgeous platinum hair.

But far from being beautiful, it's an irritating sneer.

Priscilla's expression is filled with irritation.

"What are you again."

"I told you not to say 'you', you want to get stuck with the witch again?"

Amelia, daughter of the Holy Father and First Empress, was there.

Amelia was laughing at Priscilla, who was clearly upset.

"You're the one who told my mom not to call me a witch."

"If you call a witch a witch, what do you call her?"

If Priscilla's favorite thing in the world is Rune, her least favorite thing in the world is Amelia, the pretty-faced, mean-spirited villainess in front of her.

"Why is my mom a witch, you stoned bitch!"

"What......? degrees, stones, and years?"

"Yes, you stony-faced bitch!"

At such a young age, Priscilla's foul-mouthedness was a result of her many arguments with Amelia.

The maids who come and go from the palace don't bother to stop him.

It's common knowledge in this palace that when Princess and Rune get together, there's always a game of dress-up, and when Princess and Amelia meet, there's always a fight.

Here we go again.......

and it passes with a heavy sigh.

But just because it's a child's game doesn't mean it's not polite.

Amelia, pissed off at being called a bitch, throws up her arms.

She is the daughter of Shenghu.

I inherited all of that good looks and, of course, that ridiculous combat talent.

"You, you rummaged."

Amelia lunges, and Priscilla claws at her.

-Bam!

"Yuck! Will you let go?!"

"Do you want to let go?"

Amelia, holding Priscilla's head roughly, begins to squeeze her.

If we move on to fisticuffs, Priscilla is no match for her.

But that doesn't mean you lose.

I know that if I admit defeat, my squeaky-clean face will always be met with another round of sneers and arrogance, which will only piss me off more.

"Ow! Let go, let go, you crazy bitch!"

"Call her sister. Call her sister. Call her sister, you cheap bitch."

"Do it!"

"Then search."

-quack!

"Aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The maids sigh and pass by as they watch the daughters of the most honored man on the continent behave like a bunch of municipal sluts.

It's become so commonplace that it's almost unheard of.

-Stop! I can't stop!

Eventually, Amelia releases her grip on Princilla's hair only when an Archmage comes running out into the hallway, having heard the commotion.

"Mommy, he did it again! He hit me again!"

Priscilla shouts, ducking behind the Empress, and Amelia's face contorts even further.

However, Harriet was biting her lip and looking at Amelia with a sad expression on her face.

"Amelia....... You always tell me to be nice."

"......."

Amelia's face only contorts further at the Empress's sternness.

"And that thing called my mom a witch again!"

"Be quiet, Priscilla."

One of the biggest reasons Priscilla hates Amelia.

She's been acting out and calling her mother a witch, and her mother hasn't reprimanded her once.

I can't figure out why.

Instead of being angry, he looks sad whenever he sees Amelia.

I don't know why, but it almost feels like they're apologizing.

"Heh......!"

Amelia eventually bit her lip and turned away with those words.

When I think about the bullying Amelia has been subjected to since she was a child, I can't stop thinking about it.

So when Priscilla sees Amelia, she almost has a seizure because she's been bullied relentlessly for no apparent reason.

From a very young age, she was pinched and hit for no reason, and when she had an accident, she would blame it on Priscilla.

You can't always get away with it, so it's time to stand up and be counted.

"Princilla, can you and Amelia please....... get along?"

The mother makes eye contact with herself with a sad expression and says, "Yes.

"He does it first, even when I'm still, so how are you doing?"

"......."

True to Priscilla's word, it was Amelia who was the first to argue.

She can't help but feel frustrated and sad. And now, after all this time, she's starting to feel the same way Amelia did.

She was the older sister who always picked on her for no reason.

And I don't know if it's just her, but she calls her mother a witch and shows her dislike for her.

I don't know if it's because I take after my mother, Shenghu.

Someday.

Priscilla watched from afar.

In the back of the palace gardens in the spring, where no one can see her, Amelia sobs in her mother's arms.

Even then, obviously.

She was holding Amelia, who was sobbing softly, just as she was now, with a sad expression on her face.

What's wrong with Amelia, and why is her mother so hard on her when she's so easygoing.

Priscilla had no idea.



* * *



There are two ways to keep Priscilla from bothering your runes.

Someone is always at Rune's side.

Or that there's always someone by Priscilla's side.

Akmeiji went for a walk to calm a very upset Princilla, and naturally, the First Prince Rune was free.

There are four of them in the Palace of Spring, which has become the home of the Archmage.

Empress Herriot, owner of the palace and Archmage.

And all the emperor's children.

Amelia, who is not in the Holy Empire because of the Temple, is in the Zodiac, and Rune, who has become Herriot's son, is in the Palace of Spring.

That's why the Palace of Spring is so noisy every day.

1Prince Rune had no second sister, so he sat at a table in the teatime hall of a peaceful palace.

I'm not exactly a tea drinker.

-Angel

Instead, he was face-to-face with a white cat sitting on a table, and he was stroking the cat's back.

A kitten as white as snow.

The cat stood in the sunlight, eyes closed, tail wagging lazily.

And Rune was idly petting the cat.

Since the reappearance of the missing white cat, it has often been in the presence of a rune that appeared around the same time.

1Emperor Lun had such a cat with him all the time.

As if they were family.

-hmm.......

In the midst of this relaxing time, Rune slowly turns his head at the sound of a voice behind him.

1Princess Amelia crossed her arms and stared at the runes.

"Well. Kid."

Turning to the subject she'd been staring at first, Amelia returned Rune's gaze bluntly.

"......."

Rune shakes his head wordlessly in response and turns his attention back to the cat.

Amelia and Priscilla get into all sorts of mischief, and Priscilla wears runes and does all sorts of weird things.

Amelia didn't really bother with the 1st Prince rune.

That said, I didn't wear runes like Priscilla.

Amelia acts like she doesn't really care that much about the 1st Emperor rune. It's more like she's playing chicken with it.

Act as if you don't like it or dislike it.

But Amelia approaches Rune, who is distracted by the cat, and sits down in front of him.

Then he looks around.

Like you want to check if a person is present or not.

Let's make sure no one is coming or going. Amelia remains still and holds Rune's hand.

"......?"

"Come here."

Amelia still has Rune sitting on her lap, hugging her tightly.

"......."

"Be a good boy....... Yeah."

And then it says nothing.

As if this is a good thing.

With a faint smile.

Rune strokes the cat, still in her arms, as if she's used to it.

I don't really talk to them, and I don't have conversations with them.

Amelia is not very expressive, but she is very fond of the first prince.

It's just clumsily worded.

The first emperor was a man of few words to begin with.

1Virgin who doesn't quite know how to like something.

Princilla doesn't even let Amelia get close to Rune.

Partly because she's afraid they'll bully her like they did to her, and partly because she's trying to protect Rune. And Amelia doesn't even try to take Rune from her. If she gets too close, she blocks it, as if she's trying to protect it.

He won't let Rune see what he's done to her, and he snarls at Amelia whenever she passes near him.

I don't want to see that, so I don't go near the runes when Priscilla is around.

There's no way in hell I'm going to bother my sweet, adorable little guy.

But when she's not with the demented Second Empress, Amelia has her own way of showing affection for her youngest sister.

Amelia smiled happily as she hugged Rune, while the white cat watched, tail wagging.

With that, Amelia, who had been holding Rune in her arms, felt a tug and carefully pulled him out of her arms.

I don't know why anyone would watch this, but I'm so embarrassed.

It's a bit of a chicken and egg situation.

Amelia's expression hardened when she saw who had just entered the tea room.

"Amelia."

"서....... 성후님......."

Amelia's mother.

Holy Empress Olivia, Master of the Holy Empire.

Dressed in her posthumous priestly robes, she now exuded an air of divine authority.

Princess and Archmage are also very similar, but Amelia and Olivia really do look alike.

"Can I talk to you?"

"It's ......."

Amelia hesitantly followed her mother's call, walking slowly behind her.

That step was somehow very heavy.

"......."

And Rune stood still, watching Amelia's steps as she walked away as if she were being dragged.

"Y'all....... Can't we all just get along?"

-Angel

As Rune muttered to himself, the white cat wagged its tail.





