Episode 703.





That evening.

Central Palace Tetra.

There was an emperor who had just returned from a long tour of the continent.

The Emperor, who had been out and about a lot lately, had left the affairs of state largely in the hands of Empress Charlotte.

On his return, the emperor gathered all his children for dinner.

No empresses, just three kids and a simple meal.

A hush falls over the dining hall.

The Prince Rune is naturally silent, and Amelia and the Princess could only stare at each other after what they had heard today.

The Emperor slices off a few pieces of steak, pops them in his mouth, and stares at the silence.

"My golden babies......."

"I see you're in a bad mood again today."

"Looks like you got your ass handed to you again."

Amelia, it's you again.

"......heng."

Amelia purses her lips at that.

The Emperor looks at the Princess's hair.

"Princilla, you've been squeezed again."

"Nah, I didn't get many......."

For some reason, when Priscilla zooms out, the Emperor's eyes widen in embarrassment.

"Wasn't it your turn to tell me you almost got your head ripped off......?"

"Well, not that much......."

The Emperor is embarrassed to see that Priscilla has somehow become the new baby girl, and Amelia is also embarrassed and glares at Priscilla.

Not that bitch.

Normally, I would have run straight to the emperor's crotch and wailed and whined.

I used to exaggerate that if I stepped on a toe, that boar bitch was going to break my foot.

But today, I'm feeling a little quiet.

The Emperor looks at Rune, who is eating a metallurgical meal, mocking his fork and knife.

The youngest of my children, the only one who doesn't get into trouble.

However, he is deeply concerned about his future.

The emperor was more worried about his quiet son than his two daughters, who were already showing signs of trouble.

A bullying disposition can be fixed in life, but it's scary to learn to steal late in life.

I feel like I'm going to crash and burn.

Literally, the too-pretty youngest son.

"......?"

Under his father's penetrating gaze, the prince looks at the emperor and shakes his head.

It's adorable, it's cute, and it drives me crazy in so many ways.

"Hah......."

The emperor, who doesn't know what to worry about, but is very worried about something, sighs to the heavens.

As he eats his own food, he cuts the meat into small pieces and feeds them to the cat in small portions.

But later is later, and the emperor looks at his two daughters.

"Anyway, my golden girls, I've called you because I have a request that I hope you'll listen to."

"...... please?"

"......What is it?"

"Even your father knows you're birds. They're your daughters, of course they're birds, I can't help it. I know you're all leaky when you're left alone, but when you're together, you're not just leaky, you're broken."

Amelia has a difficult childhood.

Because of Amelia.

Both have seriously twisted personalities.

"Maidens fighting over each other's hair, that's what happens."

"Kids grow up fighting."

"You seem to be fighting a little hard for something like that, but....... Anyway, it's okay."

"If you're in the palace, you can join. It's like, "Oh, yeah, I'm going to do that now."

"But......."

"Please. Some."

"Should we not fight in the temple......?"

"I'm not asking you to hold hands and play nice."

"Can't we just ignore each other like cows and chickens......?"

"Why do I keep hearing about you guys bumping into each other every few days and fighting in the temple when the school year is on a different topic?"

"It's been rumored beyond the Temple and across the zodiac that you two don't get along enough to fight over hair."

"1Rumor has it that Empress Amelia is a madwoman who beats her brother like a rat."

"2Rumor has it that the princess princess is a foul-mouthed brat who talks smack to her sister."

"It's now crossing the ecliptic and spreading to the continents......!"

"Rumor has it that my greeting to anyone I meet is that I'm a child farmer, is that okay with you, Your Majesty?"

"Everyone says this......!"

"This ugly father is so ashamed of himself that he can't live!"

"By this father and emperor."

"I have a plea for you, precious and noble Empress and my daughters!"

"Please....... Don't fight outside......!"

"If you're going to fight, fight from within!"

The emperor was puffing away. The two princesses were speechless at the emperor's words.

In fact, anyone who happened to bump into them at the temple could see them talking and then moving on to the real thing.

"And it's not just the two of you, Amelia, you've been known to beat up kids......?"

"......It must have been right because it deserved to be right."

"You beat me up anyway......! And Priscilla. You're the one who keeps forcing your classmates to take weird drugs."

"......because it's good for you, right?"

"How do you know that, you can't feed me that......! It's illegal, it's illegal!"

"My dad said he didn't have one of those back in the day and made his friends build one."

"That's....... That's......."

The Emperor looks at the Sago daughters with a soul-sucked expression.

I'm guilty of so many sins that even if I say the right thing, I can't convince them.

"......I don't want anything else, so please keep it inside the Imperial Palace. Don't leak out of the temple and advertise that the imperial family is soybean flour. Is that too much to ask?"

Even the emperor knows it hurts to say it.

This isn't the first time I've said this.

Priscilla gags.

"......You're not my mom, and you're not my dad, so who the hell do you think you are?"

"......!"

Amelia can't help but laugh in disbelief.

"My dad told me he beat up kids at Temple, too. He says I'm no match for him."

"......!"

The only perfect exception is the prince.

Emperors are no exception.

No, it was actually worse.

"He did, but......! He did it for a reason......!"

"You had a reason to hit me, why do you think I don't?"

"That, that......."

"I'm sure I've fed him what's good for him."

"......."

My daughters recognize that this is an uninformed admonition.

"So, why did you beat up kids like that when you were at Temple, and you said that all the people who got beat up by you back then are off somewhere now, doing big time."

"Yeah, I'm curious. How much beating did you have to do to become a Temple legend? You didn't even graduate, and you've been known to beat up seniors."

When it comes to tearing down the emperor, the feuding sisters are the only ones who stick together.

"Yeah, that's what she said. She said he tried to beat her up at Temple, too. I heard it all."

It wasn't just the Emperor who went white at the words, but Amelia as well.

"What? Witch....... No, I mean the Archmage....... Archmage?"

"Ugh. Seriously, go ask him later. He tried to slap me."

Amelia's jaw dropped in amazement.

"How can you hit someone so nice....... where is there anywhere to slap......?"

"I didn't hit him! I didn't hit him!"

"So you're saying you tried to hit me......?"

"Well, you know what, Amelia....... It's just that things....... It was a tumultuous time....... At that age,......."

"It must be real. How could you....... That's too much....... No, why did you get married......?"

Amelia mumbled to herself as her eyes went unfocused.

Actually, it's not even a lie.

He actually threatened to carve a fingerprint on my cheek if I spit out the wrong word.

"Hey, guys......? That's not what we're talking about......."

"Why don't you mind your own business."

"......So."

The emperor tried to admonish his daughters, but they began to beat him verbally.

Indeed, the emperor is not easy, but what the heck.

Reinhard the Great doesn't get the fatherly treatment he deserves.

-NanNan

The white cat was eating the meat that Rune was slicing.

It had a softly wagging tail, as if it was having a lot of fun doing something.



* * *



The emperor went out to admonish his daughters without knowing the subject matter.

It happens all the time.

But I can't let my daughters get away with their tantrums, so all I can do is tell them to get their karma back and do their own thing.

That's how I finished my meal and headed home.

The Emperor's three children were on a tram headed to the Palace of Spring.

As always, Princilla had Rune, the prince, sitting on her lap and cuddling up to her, and Rune was cuddling up to her, too.

Amelia was sitting across from me, her eyes darting out the window.

They're the kind of people who, whenever they run into each other, end up getting into a fistfight, but neither of them are in the mood for that today.

Because after hearing what Amelia went through as a child, Princilla realizes that even if she can't fully understand Amelia, there's a reason for all the shit she's been through.

So did Amelia. She knew that what she had been doing was only making it worse.

I've even had my mother ask me to do that, and I know that no one can be happy by making things worse.

Eventually, Amelia realizes she's done something wrong.

That's why she's going to do something she's never done before in her life.

"Hey."

"......why."

"I thought you were going to snitch right away, but you didn't."

"......It actually didn't hurt that much. Do you think I'm always being a mom?"

Amelia presses down on the yes that wants to come out naturally.

"What....... So thanks."

"......?"

Priscilla's eyes widen at Amelia's words.

It was the last thing I ever imagined coming out of my mouth.

"Zee, what are you saying?"

"Because I don't want to say it twice?"

Amelia averts her gaze.

Princilla could tell by Amelia's slight blush that she hadn't misheard.

But long-standing emotional goals are misleading in this situation.

Is he drugged?

You can't help but wonder, "Why is that happening?".

"......What are you thinking?"

"I have no idea."

In the ambiguous silence, the tram moved slowly.

Priscilla gave up trying to think.

He's just as moody as he is asshole, so all I can think about is whether I want to be like that today.

If you continue to do this, it won't be so hard to get along.

With that thought, Priscilla looks at the rune in her hand.

It's the first time she's ever said this in her life, even though Amelia is forced to look out the window to avoid eye contact.

I can't help but stare at Priscilla, curious to see her reaction.

And of course you see it.

Princilla smirks as she looks at Rune.

Clearly, you have a perverted imagination.

It's certainly cute and pretty, and it makes Amelia's heart flutter when she sees the runes dressed up like that.

But the princess who does it herself is a bitch.

It's clear that Rune doesn't like Princilla's behavior because she's so reticent and timid.

"Hey."

"......What, again."

"You're all good, but can you please stop putting weird clothes on little kids?"

At Amelia's words, Princilla's brow narrows.

"What, after all this time of pretending not to care, why are you suddenly pretending to care?"

"No, she doesn't like it."

Cute is cute, but watching Amelia do that to Priscilla in an attempt to win her over was enough to make me run out of patience.

"How do you know that?"

As if to say don't interfere, Princilla pulls Rune closer to her.

I don't know how you know that, you just know it when you see it.

"Hey, kid."

"......."

"If you don't like it, you should say so. I'm not fooling myself into thinking you like it because you're silent."

"What! Why are you suddenly talking to Rune and not me! Don't talk to me!"

Amelia asks, looking at the rune, ignoring Princilla, who is about to explode.

I'm definitely at fault here, too.

She's always been the one who gets the short end of the stick, which is why Priscilla is forcing her to do this ridiculous thing.

"Kid, if you don't like it, don't like it. If you like it, just say yes. What?"

Priscilla swallows hard.

Obviously, Rune doesn't like it, but she's never once told Priscilla outright that she doesn't like it.

Rune cautiously opens his mouth on Amelia's chard.

"...... is not good."

"Yeah, you heard me, I said no."

"......."

Priscilla could not help but bite her lip at Rune's little answer.

But that wasn't the end of Rune's answer.

"But....... My little sister likes....... then I like it too."

"......?"

Rune's answer caught Amelia off guard.

Even the princess was surprised.

Dislike.

It's obvious that I dislike it, but it's not because I'm soft-spoken and inarticulate.

It's just that the little sister likes it, so she stays quiet.

No, if she likes it, I like it.

Amelia and Princilla were both taken aback by the unexpected answer.

What a deep, loving child.

Amelia's face falls, and her lips quiver.

Like you can't stand it because you want a hug right now.

Priscilla, on the other hand, was encouraged.

"Joe, it's good, it's good anyway, okay?"

"You bitch....... and you're still going to do that shit?"

I hate it, but my sister loves it, so it's okay.

Doesn't that mean I should stop?

Amelia's face contorted as Princilla replied that she liked it anyway, so she would continue.

Humans themselves are repulsive.

As it turns out, I wasn't wrong.

2You can't help but think that the princess is a glutton for punishment.

"What! I'm not going to do that anymore, that's how it works, and it's funny that you pretend to know when you don't."

Of course, the princess was touched by Rune's words, so I had no intention of forcing her to do anything like that in the future.

In reality, Priscilla doesn't just walk around wearing runes and harassing people.

Being a bastard and wearing a rune that was bound to be recognized to some degree was significant.

He taught me about life in the palace and played with me all the time.

After Empress Herriot, it was the Princess who helped Rune fit into the palace.

That's why it's ridiculous that we're doing this now.

When Rune was in trouble because she was unfamiliar and scared of the palace, you did nothing.

No, it's sarcasm.

Amelia's attitude of trying to pretend she cares about Rune by saying a few words now when she's never cared before.

Humans themselves are disgusting.

As it turns out, I wasn't wrong.

1No matter what Amelia's situation is, she's not meant to live like that.

"Rune doesn't care about you in the first place. It's too late to pretend to care now."

"What......?"

"Am I wrong?"

Their resolve to get along is destroyed in a few words of conversation.

"Rune, isn't it funny, you're trying to be a big sister. Hmph."

As if looking for an answer, Rune hesitantly opens his mouth.

"I'm....... big sister....... I like......."

In a word.

Priscilla's eyes lost focus.

"What......?"

What has that done for you so far?

Of course, the only time Amelia shows affection for Rune is when they're alone, so there's no way Priscilla would know about it.

Amelia smirks at Priscilla's reaction.

I like it when you're stunned.

Very good.

"Where do you get the confidence that she's only going to like you, huh? On what basis? On the subject you've been bullying her about by putting her in a weird dress. She's only putting up with it because she's nice, when in reality she doesn't really like you?"

"Is that really Rune......?"

Priscilla looks at Rune with a bleached complexion.

"Well, actually....... You don't like me? You like....... that one better?"

I'm just being nice and putting up with it.

Are you tired of thinking about it?

"Both....... Okay......."

Rune's words made Priscilla feel like her broken heart had been reattached.

But it's still frustrating.

I love that one too.

Amelia smiles at that, intrigued.

He then stands up, walks over to Rune, and sits down in front of him.

Just as a very wicked question came to mind.

The corner of Amelia's mouth quirks up wickedly.

"You know, kid."

"......?"

"Do you like me or do you like that?"

"What, what question are you asking!"

What a ridiculous question to ask.

Obviously, it's me.

Look at what you've given me so far.

But that doesn't change the fact that in the end, we were forcing Rune to do something he didn't want to do.

That's why she thought it was worth a shot.

If the rune prefers me for doing nothing, I'll be able to watch Princilla's soul crumble to dust and disappear.

How refreshing.

"Da, of course it's me!"

"Well, you don't know what the kid is going to say, do you?"

Amelia has nothing to lose by being honest and saying she likes Priscilla better.

Because it feels so good to have Rune tell you that she likes you, even though she's only ever hugged you once in a while, and that alone makes you want to hug her, and you can't stand it.

Amelia's blue, deep eyes stare at the runes.

"Quick, who is it?"

"......."

And so it went on for a while, with Amelia looking at the runes with a smirk on her face, and Priscilla staring at them with a pleading look in her eyes that said, "Please tell me it's me.

Eventually.

This question always leads to the same result.

"......black."

"!"

"Lou, Rune......?"

The little prince can't stand this and cries.

"黑....... 黑......."

The two older sisters were exhausted in different ways as they watched the youngest shed beady tears.

Princilla's brow narrows.

"Dude, Rune is crying because you asked him a dog question!"

"Oh, no. I, I'm......."

Amelia can't do this or that because she never imagined she would cry.

While Princess and Amelia fidget, unsure of how to comfort their youngest, who is in tears.

The youngest sobs, muttering in a tearful voice.

"I like all my sisters, but....... Black....... Why can't my sisters get along......?"

"......?"

"......."

"Aren't you sisters supposed to fight......?"

Amelia and Priscilla both stare at each other at the sincerity of her words.

What are you doing with a child in front of you?

The youngest, who is much younger, tells her sisters not to fight.

I've even been known to ask my youngest who he likes better, and he cries.

Is it right?

Is this what a person would do?

Amelia thinks she's a princess, too.

I don't know about you, but.

First of all, I don't think I'm human.

They both end up thinking the same thing.

"Oh, I'm not fighting. I'm not fighting....... Yeah."

Priscilla huffs and puffs and glares at Amelia.

"Uh, uh....... Kid. I won't fight. We'll get along."

"Then you two can work together to get......."

At Rune's words, they join hands without thinking.

Clumsily clasping his hands together, he waves them in front of him as if to say, "Look, Rune.

"Ooh, we're going to be good, Joe. Uh, is that it?"

"Well, yeah! Da, of course! No, I'll try! Yeah! Rune, I'm sorry."

As they smile awkwardly, hand in hand, Rune wipes the corners of her eyes with her sleeve.

And then he smiles like he's just been crying.

"Always like this. Do we have to be friends?"

When the sisters saw that smile, they thought.

I don't know what else.

If only I could see this smile on my youngest's face every day, just by being close.

"Of course!"

"Of course!"

I could get along with Chulcheon Ji-su.



* * *



The tram arrives at the Palace of Spring, and Rune walks a little slower, separated from her sisters who are walking ahead.

They are still holding hands as they walk toward the palace.

Shaking their heads as if they can't bear to be there, they glance back at each other.

It's like looking out for the youngest child.

Under the watchful eye of the youngest, who wants to make sure they hold hands until they enter the palace, they eventually give up and walk hand in hand.

Rune watches until they finally enter the palace, where they let go of each other's hands in dismay and go their separate ways.

Rune smiles as she hugs the white cat.

"Right. Mom."

-Angel

"This is so easy."

-Angel

As if in praise, the cat licks Rune's cheek a few times.

Why can't we get along.

At that question, the cat turned back to her mother, carefully hugged her son, and whispered, "I'm sorry.

"Runes.

"Yes, Mom.

'The next time they fight in front of you, just cry.'

'......?'

"That'll fix everything.

Rune didn't understand why crying would solve everything.

"Why should I cry?

To Rune's question, which she didn't understand, she answered.

"Rune's sisters are so different from each other, but they have one thing in common.

'Same thing......?

"That I love runes so much.

'.......'

"Neither of us will ever fight again, even if it breaks my heart to see Rune cry.

It was a simple enough answer, and Rune couldn't understand her mother's words.

"And runes are cute.

"Why is that......?

In response to Rune's question, the motherly cat stroked Rune's head and said.

"Sometimes in life, that's all you need.

Rune didn't know what her mother was talking about.

However, I did what my mom said and just cried, and the situation was resolved.

Then, in the future, if you think things are going to go badly, you can just cry.

Either they understand each other or they don't.

One tear from my youngest solved everything, and it will solve everything.

"Cute, that's nice."

However, the youngest prince has discovered that cuteness can be used as a weapon.

-Pet?

The White Cat frowns at the Prince's smile, a shadow of something sinister flickering across it.

"Right, Mom."

-Yes

I wonder if I've taught my son something I should never have taught him.

The white cat could only tremble in fear in his son's arms.

What happens next, who knows.

Still.

In the springtime palace, where the sound of sisters fighting over hair echoed daily, it was clear that peace was in the air for the time being.



